,link,hotel_name,review_headline,review,review_date,review_score
0,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or0-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Just OK,"The good - the communal areas of this hotel are lovely. The reception is very impressive with a large floral display which on closer inspection turned out to also be a florists shop. The Terrace bar where breakfast is served is also impressive, and the restaurant to the left of reception was closed, but also looked impressive. However first appearances can be a little deceptive, and this was a bit of an ‘all fur coat and no knickers’ scenario.  I booked a 5 night stay just as the UK was coming out of lockdown so thought I had a good deal for a standard room, at what is advertised as a five star hotel. The hotel is good but not what I would term five star. My room was OK, a nice comfortable double bed, small armchair, desk and large shower room. I understand that there is covid so there may be other things that had been removed, but a comforter and pillows would have made the room more inviting.   There was a lamp stand in the corner of the room but the wire was still coiled up and not plugged in, this was because there was simply no plugs in the corner where it had been abandoned.  In the wardrobe I found the tea tray, kettle, tea bags, four small portions of milk. No biscuits. Even the Travelodges manage to leave a packet of shortbread in their rooms! There was a safe and iron also in the wardrobe and a mini bar which apparently I could have asked the hotel to add stock to it, but it was empty during my stay.   So far so good, except the first night there I was freezing! The heating did not work at all during my stay. And the thin duvet did not provide much warmth so I got up and put the dressing gown over me. The best feature of the room was the dressing gown – as the hotel has been rebranded from Le Meridien to The Dilly the dressing gown was very new. I also had issues in the bedroom with getting some of the lamps to work. I found out on my third morning that one of the switches by the door was a ‘master switch’ and that had to be on for some of the lamps to work. Unfortunately nothing in the room pointed out this important piece of information as the usual guide to hotel services has been removed, I guess because of covid and replaced with QR codes. However none of the information the QR codes linked to gave out this quite important bit of information.   On the second night someone had put a radiator in my room so I was able to control the temperature much better.    The bathroom was also disappointing for a hotel that bills itself as five star and apparently has been recently remodelled. The towels left out for my first night were small and threadbare. On day two, although I had not mentioned anything to reception someone left a pile of brand new towels in my room while I was at breakfast, larger bath sheets. But inexplicably removed all the face cloths including the ones I had not used. I needed the towels as the heated towel rail was not heated at all, except briefly on my second day when someone apparently fixed it after I mentioned it at reception. But it has stopped working again by the following day. So there was no way of getting the towels dry as the bathroom extractor fan did not appear to be working either.   The sink and vanity counter in the bathroom was large and appeared newish. The vanity mirror was nowhere near a light fitting which suggests it was badly thought out.  The shower was very poor. The shower fitting itself did not really fit in the holder as the wrong type of pipe had been used, a rigid pipe which meant the shower head was fixed in a strange position where water came out horizontally. And the strength of the water left much to be desired – no overhead rain shower, just a small shower which the water struggled out of, making rinsing my hair a much lengthier process than it should have been. There were nice toiletries from Floris but that was the most positive thing about the bathroom. I had rinsed one of the mugs out after my tea and left it on the sink when I went out. It was still there when I came back although the room had been serviced!  I had booked a rate which included breakfast. And again I guess because of Covid this was a spartan affair – no offers of toast, no cereal, no fresh fruit, no yoghurt unless you chose the granola/porridge/yoghurt option from the menu in which case it did not appear as if you would be able to choose anything else. My first morning I chose poached eggs – these were OK but came with two slices of mediocre, dried out, brown toast, no butter or sauces offered. I tried the scrambled eggs on brioche the following day, which were an improvement but apart from the small piece of brioche the eggs were artistically arranged on, there was no offer of additional toast.  The third morning I chose pastries which were small, cold and had been overcooked and I had to ask for some jam and butter for the croissants, which seemed to come as a surprise request to the waitress. The staff were all very pleasant and hard working but the prices on the menu were ridiculous and I cannot imagine anyone paying the amount mentioned on the menu would be happy with what was served for breakfast. I’ve stayed at seaside B&Bs which did a whole heap better than this at providing guests with breakfast, including offering decent bread to be toasted rather than the cheapest supermarket sliced loaf which is what was on offer at the Dilly. I finally got breakfast right on my final morning by requesting poached eggs on sourdough - the sourdough was mentioned as an accompaniment to another breakfast offering, omlette.  Still only one small piece of sourdough with two poached eggs though.  There are a very large number of hotels in London, and all have lost money and business during the two lockdowns there have been in England in the last 14 months. They can no longer rely on business travellers now so many people have realised that it is possible to meet virtually without having to travel and stay away from home. Hotels will need to try to appeal more to leisure travellers and to attract repeat travellers if they are to stay on business…",Date of stay: May 2021,3.0
1,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or0-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Good location but that’s all it has going for it,No aircon in the rooms on the hottest day of the year.  According to the staff the manager wanted to save costs due to the hotel being half full despite us paying full price.  Moved to another room with a makeshift set up for a family or 4 that wasn’t ideal.  Breakfast was cold and portion size was small.  I’m not sure how they can charge £30 per person.  I’ve had better breakfasts at budget hotels.,Date of stay: June 2021,2.0
2,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or0-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great few days in the city,"Service was great, room was very nicely done and location was ideal.  The breakfast felt a little clunky but sure they are just finding their feet with the new regulations.  Pool was nice, could have maybe done with a little updating some facilities.  Would highly recommend the massages by YOMA they were amazing. ",Date of stay: June 2021,5.0
3,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or0-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Disappointing,"Very poor standard of accommodation, very tired. We were initially out on the 9th floor, which is in the eves and like a rabbit warren to navigate around, we asked to be moved on our second night, the accommodation was marginally better but still very tired. Breakfast offering was basic, no menu and service was slow . Paid for hotel accommodation with snaptravel in advance, then was charged again by the hotel on my pre authorised card upon checkout! Will not be returning. ",Date of stay: June 2021,2.0
4,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or0-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Dilly building site!,"This is not a 5star, currently being renovated but you are not told that up front. Bars closed, restaurant closed, rest areas not existent. Breakfast pathetic, service all over the place, poor selection of food, like boarding school. Staff are not trained and any form of management not evident at any time of day or night! Only rooms available seem to be 8th and 9th floors ,the rest gutted!! No water or mini bar in rooms, room not made up until 4.45pm on our last night. I would put this establishment on hold until they are up to standard and renovations complete. Booking. Com should not be promoting the place. Oh of course Covid was the excuse when I complained🙄",Date of stay: May 2021,1.0
5,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or5-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Outstanding!,"The location is second to none, overlooking Piccadilly and so convenient for shops in Mayfair, Bond Street or Oxford Street. The room was clean, spacious and comfortable. We came for a friend's big birthday and they pulled out all the stops. The staff were just super - friendly and helpful. ",Date of stay: May 2021,5.0
6,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or5-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Good potentail but not there yet as a 5*,Great location and friendly staff. Issue is there are lots of aspects of the modernisation that aren't open and the web doesn't make that clear eg bar and Indian restaurant. Building looks half open as you view from the glazed restaurant (which is a lovely room) Just not enough staff for breakfast so very slow service,Date of stay: May 2021,3.0
7,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or5-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Service especially food service unbelievably poor.,Evening meal service somewhat slow but food quality very good.Breakfast food service was a complete and utter disaster took 2 hours for the ordered food to arrive along with drink orders having to remind staff numerous times on a couple of occasions server completely ignored us.No drinking water in the rooms not a 5star experience that is for sure.,Date of stay: May 2021,2.0
8,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or5-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Relies too much on it's reputation and location.,"This was a terrible stay. From being charged my room deposit twice (which still has not been refunded due to a technical error) to being put in an attic room with no heating, a broken bath and a broken TV, this stay was brimming with faults. When I mentioned the heating issue, the reception's solution was to offer me a 'portable radiator'. When I mentioned that this would not be acceptable they begrudgingly offered me a new room. The breakfast on the Terrace was of the quality I might expect from a local greasy spoon, rather than a 5-star hotel in central London. On the second day I did not receive breakfast; I stood queuing for 30 minutes only then to have to leave to catch a train. The staff were disinterested and untrained. This hotel relies too much on it's predecessor's…",Date of stay: May 2021,2.0
9,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or5-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",weekend away,considering first week open excellent every member of staff fell over backwards breakfast was lovely nothing was to much trouble good luck to all the team I hope it is a success we are coming back excellent value for money                                                        ,Date of stay: May 2021,5.0
10,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or10-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Good but could be great! ,"Couldn’t wait to take advantage of being able to go out again, so booked two nights here for a mini break. Let’s start with the positives….location is unbeatable, lobby very attractive and front of house staff friendly and efficient. The room was on the 9th floor and had great views over London, it was a decent size and the bed very large and comfortable. However there was no water in the room so I asked for some to be brought up, but despite asking for still, they left sparkling. The other room niggles were that they didn’t replenish the tea or bring the fresh milk I had requested. Also the shower screen leaked. The terrace bar was nice and staff polite however some were not to a five star service and drinks took a long time to come. Breakfast was were they really need to step…",Date of stay: May 2021,4.0
11,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or10-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Ultimate birthday experience,"I rarely ever write reviews, but I feel compelled to share my experience. My apologies in advance for the long review. While my words cannot do my experience justice, I will try.   As a birthday gift, I surprised my boyfriend with a 2 night staycation (20th May - 22nd May 2021) at The Dilly.   It all began 3 weeks before my stay. I was communicating with Barbara and another male staff who were ever so patient, kind and informative in answering the truckloads of queries I had even before I made a booking. Their attentiveness and helpful input as I shared my ideas for my boyfriends birthday ultimately convinced me to book our stay at The Dilly. They both got me in touch with the right people which set the wheels in motion for my plans. Barbara listened carefully and in doing so, I…",Date of stay: May 2021,5.0
12,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or10-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Lies, more lies and poor staff training","We got a Travelzoo deal as a present from in-laws to stay for 1 night at the hotel (with late 2pm checkout and breakfast included).  1. Redeeming the deal at reception was not pleasant - we had to produce a pin from an email sent to us months ago which was not something we expected.  2. We were told that 'breakfast was not included', even though, when we checked later, it was.   Because of this we had breakfast in the Concert Cafe instead which was nearby (we had great Eggs Benedicts and Cappuccinos).  3. We were sent to a room which was supposed to be 'on a newly refurbished floor with great views of the area'.  This turned out to be a tiny attic shoebox without heating.  The only view was on the utility room of the adjacent building.  The windows were not properly insulated so…",Date of stay: May 2021,2.0
13,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or10-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Amazing hotel & brilliant staff,"Absolutely loved our stay at the Dilly, Paul the manager was very welcoming & ensured our stay was to the highest of standards, the newly refurbished decor is stunning, the lobby is breathtaking. Our room was immaculate & the bed was so comfortable. We were surprised with a lovely complimentary bottle of Prosecco as it was my husbands birthday which was such a lovely touch. We ordered breakfast to the room which was delicious. We will definitely be back, thank you so much for an enjoyable stay in London x",Date of stay: May 2021,5.0
14,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or10-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",SPA BY YOMA. Best massage ever,"Yesterday I had the pleasure of receiving a massage at The Dilly Spa by Yoma.   Saleta was my massage therapist, and I received the most amazing massage experience ever.  The way she takes care of you, pampers you, looks after you and your needs is outstanding.   It is difficult to explain how good she makes you feel because you can feel her real involvement.   There are massage therapists who do their job because they need to pay their bills, but Saleta lives her job in a completely different way, she cares, she has a real passion, and she communicates that passion to your body through her hands in a way that fills you with good energy and makes you feel unique.  Thank you, Saleta, for an incredible experience. I will certainly repeat.",Date of stay: May 2021,5.0
15,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or15-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Visit during the pandemic,"We were the last guests before the hotel was closed for renovation and rebranding. It will soon reopen under the new name and brand, no longer part of Marriott. It is pity as it was our favorite hotel in London.   I just want to use the opportunity to say a big thank you to Paul, a concierge. He was incredible , helping us with every minute of our stay . Even gave us a free piece of luggage when the city was in lockdown . Probably the best support we have ever received from a hotel.   I also want to mention Mark, who was also very helpful and nice. Barbara on the front office helped us with a number of requests.   Let’s see what becomes of this hotel. I still hope we will return.",Date of stay: November 2020,5.0
16,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or15-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Two night stay ,"Stayed for two nights. Location is fantastic so central. Smell of the lobby was gorgeous on arrival.  Received early check in and got to the room by 10am and late check out.   Room was very big and spacious. We were placed on the ninth floor. Lifts were fast. Beds were extremely comfy. Very clean. No tea and coffee tray in the room which we thought is this because of the virus? But no you have to request it. So it was sent up within 10 minutes. Bathroom is massive, a bit too big perhaps.  Could have potential for a walk in shower??? There’s space and would look lovely in that bathroom. Views were great. There was a party between a few rooms on a lower level from us and it was extremely loud, called down and the next morning we were offered a room change. We didn’t take it but…",Date of stay: October 2020,4.0
17,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or15-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Coping brilliantly with the Pandemic Regulations,I had stayed at Le Meridien Piccadilly a couple of times before but a very long time ago. It is coping brilliantly with the various constraints resulting from the Pandemic.  It was almost ideally situated for our first indoor live cabaret at Crazy Coqs being a sort way from the Hotel.  We arrived about 2pm and had been allocated a junior suite on the 7th Floor with stunning views.  I dropped my wife and went off to park at the Q Park in Leicester Square.  The welcome by the Staff was excellent and they could not have been more helpful or attentive.  When I got back from parking we went to the Room which was well appointed as I would expect. We had some afternoon tea as the Lounge was - understandably - closed.  There were few other guests to enjoy the excellent service which was…,Date of stay: September 2020,4.0
18,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or15-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Not too bad I guess,"The hotel location is very convenient, it’s very close to Chinatown. The service is pretty good. The rooms are small and the facilities are a bit outdated. Very bad soundproofing. The breakfast is excellent. ",Date of stay: July 2019,4.0
19,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or15-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Disappointed,"I was taken here for a birthday treat and we were very disappointed with the room, despite being a Junior Suite it was close to being the most depressing room I’ve ever stayed in. It was dark and tired and we complained and were moved to another room, only slightly better, very disappointed.   The bathroom was tired and not sure why the bar of soap was replaced every day, seems a waste of money and bad for the environment.   The air conditioning was not great, I would hate to be in the room on a warm day, luckily we were there in March so we managed.   We had access to the Club Lounge which was nice and the staff attentive, a nice place to relax after a day out in London.   Breakfast was nice, very extensive but the food started being removed very soon after the end time so you…",Date of stay: March 2020,3.0
20,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or20-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Beautiful Hotel on Vine Street!,"Flew in from Heathrow and had a day trip in London and found this fantastic hotel, paid £950 for a two night stay at this wonderful establishment, I went with my family and enjoyed the spacious rooms. Never had a board moment in this place, really looking forward to going back and wouldn’t forfeit a night in it again, thank you to Steve for the wicked tip about the local bars",Date of stay: September 2019,5.0
21,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or20-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",One of my favourite Hotels in London!,And it was as great as ever over the autumn. I loved my large room on a lower floor and found all the facilities to be very comfortable indeed. The Mezzanine Club Lounge is perfection itself and boasted a wide variety of beverages and snack foods. The below stairs Gymnasium and sauna were also very fine facilities.,Date of stay: November 2019,5.0
22,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or20-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Some good. Some bad. ,"This hotel is in a great location and the service is wonderful. The Piccadilly line is less than 5 minutes away, beautiful parks are within minutes and SOHO (so fun!) is just about around the corner.   We also fully enjoyed the magic bar, the lounge and the Terrace restaurant on-site. Our check in was seamless and the front desk was very helpful. The doorman also gave us a fantastic recommendation for a restaurant across the street which we enjoyed immensely!  Upon check-in, we were told that the room was an upgraded room. I’d say it was upgraded 5+ years ago. The bathroom did have a walk in shower, the tap was combined temp and the bed was super comfortable. Some people have commented that there were no plug ins for charging. That was not the case in our room- we had plenty of…",Date of stay: March 2020,3.0
23,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or20-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Romantic Escape to the city!,"This was my first time staying at the hotel. I booked the hotel with the view to have a romantic weekend with my partner. The hotel were happy to bring this weekend to life - Feroza arranged a spectacular room that far surpassed my expectations.  We were warmly greeted by David upon arrival who assisted with our check-in and offered some excellent recommendations for things to do during our stay.  The room  was a fantastic size and tastefully decorated. Feroza had arranged a romantic welcome pack and had beautifully decorated the room with rose petals upon arrival. These touches really went above and beyond! Despite being located in the heart of the city, many of the best attractions were found in the hotel itself. All members of staff which we dealt with were exceptionally…",Date of stay: March 2020,5.0
24,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or20-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",A Great Hotel in a Great Location,You feel welcome from the minute you enter the lobby.  Great check in.  Clean room - large by London standards.  Illy coffee maker was a PLUS!  The restaurant is terrific - try the spatchcock chicken (i ordered it the first time i was there and have now ordered it seven times in a row).  The magic bar makes a great G&T!,Date of stay: February 2020,5.0
25,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or25-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Disappointing, Filthy Room Amenities","As a loyal Marriott customer I have to say we had the worst stay of any hotel visit we’ve made in years.   This started with the most frustrating check-in experience we’ve ever had, followed by an assignment to an “upgraded” room with a mold infested bathroom, and progressing to a back and forth Email exchange with a duty manager beset in defending the hotel rather than submitting to “the customer is always right”.  Go to any other Marriott property but DEFINITELY DO NOT STAY HERE!",Date of stay: March 2020,1.0
26,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or25-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Very good Saturday night stay,"Hadn't been back to this hotel for years, check in was very polite and quick.  Had an interesting room, huge space with two bath rooms. Two old fashioned windows with no view, the glass was obscured. The view didn't matter to us, but to someone visiting London from elsewhere it might be important. Visited the club lounge, again very polite service and a good selection of nibbles and drinks. Nice breakfast with lots of choice. Would recommend to all.",Date of stay: February 2020,4.0
27,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or25-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Exceptional client service,"I was in London and stayed at Le Meridien.  The check in process was simple and quick, the room nice-the bathroom, though small, was great and I loved the towel warmer and shower products.  However, the primary reason I will st ay at this hotel on every future trip to London is the concierge team.  I was traveling for approximately 3 weeks and decided to ship my luggage home rather than fly with it.  Due to misdirection by the shipping company, my luggage was shipped back to the hotel rather than to my home.  I contacted the concierge who watched for my luggage to come back, removed items as discussed to correct the issue and resent my luggage, all with graciousness and kindness to someone who would likely not see them again any time soon. They were truly amazing and went above…",Date of stay: February 2020,5.0
28,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or25-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Most central location in London,"Most central location in London, beautiful building, well renovated rooms. Great breakfast and amazing personal.  I have arrived early morning 9 am and didn't expect to get the room same time. Was impressed and really appreciate this gesture. Thank you!",Date of stay: January 2020,5.0
29,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or25-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Vastly disappointing,"Entrance hall nice. Executive lounge nice. That is where the positives end.  Room was a suite. I thought a ‘suite’ would be a high grade room. Vastly disappointed.  Not even close to photos of suite - like I thought I’d booked. A wall & pipes outside window.  Peeling paint / wallpaper. Scuffed skirting boards.  Rust & water Stains in bathroom. Shower over bath (?) created a dated feel.  Bathroom generally old & tired & not massively pleasant to use.  No working hairdryer. (Sliding) Toilet door didn’t close properly. Whole room felt outdated & tired & in need of refurbishment.  We went especially for pool: which was cold & again badly needing a refurb, with water stains, broken steps, peeling paint, smelly steam room, unpleasant changing room. Massive disappointment here.  I’m…",Date of stay: February 2020,2.0
30,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or30-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Location five stars. Hotel two stars.,"Piccadilly is a great location as you can walk to many tourist and other locations in London. That accounts for the high price for a room (300+ pounds in February!). Five stars for location. Staff was appropriately helpful too.  The hotel facility is not good. To get to my room, I had to walk down stairs in the middle of the fourth floor corridor. I didn't care, but others will.  Can't recall any hotel with that particular ""feature"".  My room was small and badly designed. There was an electrical brick on the desk with plugs and USB ports. That was good. But there was nothing on either nightstand, no plugs. No clock in the room either. There was a floor lamp near the window behind a chair and a table. How to turn it on? There's a foot switch that you can only reach by moving…",Date of stay: February 2020,3.0
31,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or30-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",It depends what room you get,"We just returned from staying here in February 2020. To start off with the positive points - There are a few things that are good about this hotel - the first is the location. Also, the doormen are very nice, especially one older gentleman. He was the best. The hotel also has a pool that is nice. Now for the bad stuff - Our first room had no heat and the toilet would not flush. We changed rooms (this process took a lot of time dealing with the front desk to process) and again - no heat from an actual heater. We stayed in that room because we didn't want to change rooms again and we had some heat from the heated towel rack in the bathroom. I'm not kidding - we relied on the towel rack in the bathroom to heat the room. They did offer us a space heater but we didn't feel safe in…",Date of stay: February 2020,2.0
32,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or30-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Awful! Just Awful!,"My horrible experience with this property started at check in with Francesca. This was a work trip with 2 other colleagues. I was quickly reminded that I was ""Only Gold Elite status"" while my colleague was whisked away so he could conduct his check-in at the Diamond desk. I am by no means entitled to a room upgrade but I always like to ask. Francesca dismissed my simple request to take a look and I was told through pursed lips that my room is a nice one. When I got to my dark and dingy room the heater wasn't working. When I called the front desk to ask about the heater, I was rudely told that her colleague told her that I requested a room upgrade and my request wasn't possible and to wait for the heater because it takes a while for it to warm up. I sat in my room with my thick…",Date of stay: January 2020,2.0
33,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or30-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Wonderful service. Great location ,We went to the theatre for a birthday outing and stayed here because it was so conveniently nearby. We arrived in the afternoon and our room wasn’t quite ready but we were given a voucher for a free coffee and eclair which was lovely. Elena on reception went out of her way to sort out our room and when we got to it there was a bottle of Prosecco chocolates and a birthday card.   We had a meal which was very good before the theatre and went into the bar afterwards where magicians perform at the tables. Brilliant!   Breakfast the next day was a great selection. The additional things we ordered took a long time but they explained they had a problem with the gas supply. This was in the middle of a dreadful storm which might account for it.   Staff were all really friendly and…,Date of stay: February 2020,4.0
34,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or30-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Best walking distance location!,"This hotel is as lovely & cozy as it gets for a chain hotel. The location is unbeatable, you can easily walk from there to many of the main London attractions.  It is so easy, that I did it myself and I was with my mother, who was 75 years old at the time. Good value for money, and reasonable price considering you’re in London and in a nice hotel.  The rooms are very charming as the building itself, service from staff is very nice and adds up to the British experience.",Date of stay: October 2019,5.0
35,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or35-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Superb,"Stayed here with family for a couple of nights and I have to say everything was excellent. From the moment we arrived we were greeted with a glass of bubbly, nothing was too much trouble, the facilities and room were great. Highly recommend.",Date of stay: February 2020,5.0
36,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or35-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Awesome Peter Rabbit inspired Afternoon Tea,"We came to try afternoon tea in The Terrace on Piccadilly. The experience was so good I had to leave a review!   The setting was beautiful, The Terrace restaurant sits overlooking Piccadilly with a delightful balcony area that's teh perfect space to enjoy a glass of Rose in the summer sunshine.   We opted for the Peter Rabbit Afternoon Tea, to enjoy the fluffy sandwiches and sweet treats sered alongside our choise of tea or coffee. It was a pleasure for the senses, so colourful and so tasty. I can certainly see why it has earned it's name as an award-winning afternoon experience. And, for only £35 it's not to heafty on the purse strings either - win, win.   Plus, the menu is really a delight to read, taking me back to childhood memories reading Beatrix Potter books.   If you get…",Date of stay: September 2019,5.0
37,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or35-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Great staff, lovely stay","I had a lovely birthday stay, the staff were great - especially Alejandro who was really helpful, kind and knowledgable. The service was great throughout the stay, breakfast was tasty and beds were really comfortable, plus perfect location!Thank you :)",Date of stay: February 2020,5.0
38,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or35-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Medium but overall good,"Wonderful location, at a few steps from Underground and centre, comfortable room (we had a room for 4 people), I cannot say about breakfast because we didn’t have it here (28 pounds for 1 person !!! ), but cleaning was not excellent (found some socks near the bed on the floor, pjs were left unfolded on the bed one on top of the other as if thrown there, rooms still have carpet which is not giving the idea of being clean and they are old and  old fashioned . Personnel is nice at reception. A good thing is they give you water bottles every day.",Date of stay: February 2020,3.0
39,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or35-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great service and excellent location,"The best of this hotel is that you can walk everywhere as you are right in the city center and that’s spectacular. Special thanks to Jared, Paul, Victoria but a really special one to David Mcnamara he ensured that everything was perfect.",Date of stay: February 2020,5.0
40,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or40-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Old stinky hole ,"Everything just bad about this hotel expect its location near Piccadilly. Rooms are old, small, stinky and shabby. Very unpleasant decor.   Advise pay just a bit more and you can stay at some much better quality hotels nearby. ",Date of stay: February 2020,2.0
41,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or40-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great stay! ,"I stayed there with my friend for a night and as we stepped in the impressive lounge we received excellent service from the doorman to the front office team especially Kim who was attentive but professional and did our check-in flawless, fast and effortless as we were chatting at the same time. We were very satisfied with our room, it was spacious, comfortable with an amazing bed and big bathroom. The restaurant is beautiful with a relaxing environment and there are plenty of breakfast choices (more than the most Marriott hotels). Overall, I would definitely recommend it. ",Date of stay: January 2020,5.0
42,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or40-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Great location; inconsistent, threadbare rooms","I spent probably 100+ nights here in 2012-2013 and have not been back since (have been mostly at the St Pancras and Marriott Park Lane). Towards the end of my time here (in 2013) they were trying out some new room designs which were pretty modern/updated, so in 2020 I was expecting to find a completely refreshed property. Alas, I should've done my research.  Location is still excellent, assuming you're here for theatre, touristy stuff or the tube access - very walkable. Service was inconsistent, and the old girl is definitely past due for room refurbishment.  As a Marriott Titanium, I was ""upgraded"" to a ""club"" room, in the back corner of the hotel. As others have noted, the rooms are inconsistent. This one was spacious by London standards, but a little awkwardly laid out, and…",Date of stay: January 2020,3.0
43,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or40-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, great staff","we stayed for one night and wish we had longer to use the pool and restaurant but didn't have much time. The hotel was perfectly located closed to Piccadilly Circus and the underground station and the flags outside the building made it very easy to find. The whole place feels very chic including the lobby which is gorgeous. Biggest thanks goes to Barbara the Duty Manager who knew we were celebrating our anniversary and we had chocolate truffles, a card and champagne in the room. All the staff were lovely, we left very early in the  morning and the front desk staff were very pleasant even at that early time. Definitely will visit this hotel again if staying in central London.",Date of stay: January 2020,5.0
44,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or40-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great hotel and location in London !!!,"One of the best hotels in London basically because of location , location and location !!! Great service in the main desk , upgraded rooms with a great view in the higher level floors , big gym and indoor pool in the basement , 5 of 5 in everything !!!",Date of stay: January 2020,5.0
45,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or45-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","First yay, then nay....","When you walk in, the lobby looks really nice ! Modern mix of white marble and black furniture, a nice smell... impressive ! Everyone from doorman to reception was super nice, this impression will last during our entire stay.  The electronic key in the Marriott Bonvoy App is also a great feature, loved it !  But then... you get to your room.... OMG, old outdated room and bathroom ! Beds are comfortable and it stops there. Nothing 5* about the room ! Maybe 3* !  We blocked our entire last morning to enjoy the spa.. And there was the second disappointment ! You go to the basement, there are a zillion doors and absolutely no signage ! Fitness area looked well furnished, then you get to freezing cold changing rooms and then the pool ! A dark room, very cold, water was cold, only 2-3…",Date of stay: January 2020,3.0
46,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or45-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, great old building, but needs work","I stayed at the Meridien on business many years ago, and while a grand old hotel, the rooms were really run down.  I decided to give it another try on my latest business trip to London.   I got a King room and when I arrived around noon, I was pleasantly surprised to find my room ready.   I got a decent room on the top (9th) floor, which proved to be quiet despite being right in the middle of Piccadilly Circus.  I also had a view of Big Ben (in scaffolding) and the London Eye.    The first day was rough - the heater only blew out cold air, so I asked them to fix it.   Then it only blew hot air.   I asked them to fix it again, and it went back to even colder air.   They said their 'old' heaters are not capable of a temperature that's not hot or cold.   I understand old hotels,…",Date of stay: January 2020,3.0
47,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or45-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",The worst hotel in the whole of London,"We were having our Christmas Party at the hotel and we incorporated a hotel room as part of the package. When I arrived at the hotel, I was told that as the room was not in my name that I was not allowed to access the room, after lots of back and fourth we were then told we could enter the room, we would need to pay a damage deposit of £100, which I paid. The lady informed me that we were staying on one of their recently refurbished rooms which we would have a walk in shower. When we arrived, this wasn't the case, we had a room with a bath, which was not ideal so we asked to move, which they kindly allowed. The night was great and I have nothing bad to say about the entertainment side of things... However, on the night, we were woken by a fire alarm.... I understand that they…",Date of stay: December 2019,1.0
48,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or45-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",excellent service,"half way through a 2 week stay, a big group of us staying here very central and great service, the staff cannot do enough for you  location is excellent, close to everything, and public transport literally on your doorstep. rooms are very clean, and the food via room service is outstanding, even though I feel overpriced.",Date of stay: January 2020,5.0
49,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or45-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great stay!,I have been staying at this hotel for over 15 years and for the first time I am compelled to write a review for this property. Upon check in I wasn’t happy with the room I was given despite the hotel knowing exactly what I like after staying there for that long and also being a Marriot Bonvoy Lifetime Platinum Elite member. Later on in the evening I met Nicola at reception who understood my disappointment and ensured I got the room I love which immediately set the tone for a wonderful stay. He was extremely understanding and warm and was quick to make my stay as comfortable as possible. I headed to the lounge for evening snacks and met Irina and Mario there. They are by far the best staff I have come across in a long time at this hotel. I am travelling with my family and nothing…,Date of stay: January 2020,5.0
50,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or50-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Need to do more than be reliant on its superb location,"The not so good:- 1)Lack of personable indulgence  Stayed at room 725 from 1st to 3rd Jan. Coming back here for the 4th time in Le Meridien, and being a silver elite member, I expected more warmth and abit of indulgence from the hotel.  The front desk had granted me checkout time at 2pm.Since I my flight was 930pm, I requested the front deskstaff who said I have to pay. i then wrote to the General Manager(pic attached) hoping for some personable intervention but instead I got a call to ask if I am willing to pay or reconfirm checkout at 2pm.  Eventually I did pay gb150 for 3 hours extension. When I asked for the housekeeping in the morning, was quite annoyed to be told on the day of checkout there shall be none. I did pay didnt I?! But eventually they did do up the room. …",Date of stay: January 2020,3.0
51,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or50-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Awful stay,"We recently stayed for one night paying over £400, the bed was hard, the sofa broken. Tv broken, heating Broken, only 1 hand towel, staff unhelpful and didn’t care,  Worse nights sleep I’ve had in a long time, breakfast cold and sub-par, should of stayed in the Hotel Cafe Royale across the road.",Date of stay: December 2019,1.0
52,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or50-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Another pleasant stay!,"I just completed an overnight stay at Le Meridien Piccadilly and had another pleasant stay! My Titanium Elite status was recognized at check-in, leading to an upgrade to a premium room. Ana and Valeria at the front desk warmly welcomed me back, and Viktoria in the Club Lounge was most hospitable. The hotel is in a marvelous location, just minutes from a variety of bars, cafes, shops, and restaurants as well as theatre and myriad cultural attractions. I look forward to my next stay!",Date of stay: December 2019,5.0
53,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or50-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Centrally placed - perfect location,"There was some confusion over my booking but all was resolved and I found Valeria very, very helpful. We stayed in a Junior Suite, which was very quiet and peaceful. My son had a sofa bed which was fine.The suite was OK but nothing particularly special. Our TV had a tiny hole in the front of the LCD but this was quickly replaced, but not after being asked repeatedly whether we'd done it - LOL - not very diplomatic or classy. We had a rather expensive Xmas dinner which was once again OK but not really worth the money. We were treated well in the executive lounge and the substantial snacks and wine made taking the Junior Suite worthwhile. We enjoyed our time in the lounge. It was a nice social area with some interesting people passing through. The gym and the pool were also very…",Date of stay: December 2019,4.0
54,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or50-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Overall, the experience was not '5 star', and I felt very much over-charged.","I booked a superior room.  The room we were allocated was not a renovated room, and bore little resemblance to the pictures of superior rooms on the website.  I rang from the room to express my surprise and disappointment, and was told that a renovated room wasn't guaranteed.  I said that the website pictures were therefore misleading.  I was asked what status I had - which seemed irrelevant to me - however I confirmed my Bonvoy status.  I was told that it would take 15 minutes to ascertain whether an alternative room was available.  This seemed ridiculous to me, so we went back to reception.  I was met at reception by the person I spoke to on the phone.  They confirmed that, as a 'gesture of goodwill, as its Christmas' a renovated room would be allocated but that 'this should…",Date of stay: December 2019,2.0
55,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or55-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great evening ,"Recently book a special deal for dinner at the Terrace restaurant at the LE Meridien Piccadilly. Lovely evening, food was good, great service & great deal with unlimited Prosecco.  There were 8 of us and restaurant did a great job on the night. ",Date of stay: October 2019,5.0
56,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or55-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Extremely disappointing,"There are only two positive things I can say about this hotel - it has a perfect location and the bath amenities are Malen and Goetz.  The rest of my visit was a tremendous disappointment and the exact reason I prefer not to stay at Marriott properties.  I burned (torched is more accurate) 60,000 points to stay here.   The JW, a short distance away, is also 60,000 points.  For Marriott to consider these hotels equal in redemption value is astounding.  This Le Meridien should not be over 30,000 points per night.  As a Platinum tier, I had lounge access.   The area is small, noisy, not convenient to access and the food options (breakfast and cocktails) were deplorable.  I had to point out one of the giant, spigot OJ serving carafes was chipped all along the the top when they…",Date of stay: November 2019,1.0
57,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or55-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Very good,"Excellent location in Piccadilly, near Piccadilly Circus and Regents Street. The room is nice, the staff is excellent and very helpful. Make sure you stay in the Terrace for a cup of coffee and an Éclair.",Date of stay: December 2019,4.0
58,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or55-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great location,"Just returned home today following a 2 night stay. Fantastic location and everything on your door step.  Just as expensive as the rest of London so can’t argue with price of anything.  Would recommend a visit to the small lounge bar that has a magician in after 6.30pm most nights, very entertaining and she’s lovely looking.",Date of stay: December 2019,4.0
59,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or55-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Disappointment and Disgrace of the highest order,"It’s a disgrace to represent a luxury hotel brand like Marriott - I have never been to a hotel where the room is so poorly maintained (stained and unhygienic carpet, shabby bathroom). It’s a disappointment from the first minute to the last to pay for a service who doesn’t earn the name hotel. If you do want to pass a nice stay in London, so avoid Le Meridien!! ",Date of stay: December 2019,1.0
60,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or60-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Center of it all (for better and worse),"We've now stayed here twice, once in March and this December. What a difference a season makes! What you are really paying for with this hotel is location.  There is no major hotel closer to Piccadilly Circus than this one.  You are a 1 minute walk from the epicenter of shopping and entertainment in London, and a longer walking distance to the majority of the top 10 things to do in London (Buckingham Palace, Westminster Abbey, Parliament, London Eye, etc.).  When we previously stayed in March we found this convenient.  We took a train straight from Heathrow to the Underground station practically under the hotel.  However, depending on what you like, there's a downside to this central location that we discovered in our December trip.  Crowds, like you have never imagined.  Even…",Date of stay: December 2019,4.0
61,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or60-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",A bit of a tourist trap. Not worth the money,"Upon entering the hotel, you get a feeling of class and good service. The chaps on the doors were very pleasant and the reception looked lovely. However things change somewhat once you are up tucked away in your room. For the price, we received nowhere near the service we expected. Because we weren't 'VIP' or 'premier' guests, wine wasn't available in our mini bar so we would have to pay a service charge for it to be brought up. Elderflower lemonade was available but not a glass of wine?! Our mini bar wasn't even fully stocked, and the woman that came up to do so when we complained was quite rude to us.  The bathroom was really showing signs or wear and tear. Parts of the door frame coming away and mildew around the bath.  People might think because of the location, it is a…",Date of stay: December 2019,3.0
62,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or60-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Horrid hotel and staff - stay away,Checked in late after a long international flight. The only room available smelt so bad (carpets they said had been cleaned that day - and the floor was all damp - who knows why!). They refused to change my room even after I offered to pay any upgrade difference. I ended up having to book into another hotel (at 10.30 at night) after 1 hour heated debate with the manager who called me a liar and said “he could not smell anything wrong”. That was after housekeeping said “no one should have to stay in that room”. So I stayed at the Waldorf Hilton in Covent Garden - super hotel. Because I had pre-paid the room at Le Meridien they refused to refund me also!  Even though I ended up not staying there at all.  I got burnt - stay well away. The rooms are not great and when you get a…,Date of stay: December 2019,1.0
63,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or60-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Wonderful hotel!,"My family and I have just returned from staying in this lovely hotel. The staff are absolutely amazing so friendly and helpful they made our trip! The room was also fantastic very clean, comfy beds etc... would definitely recommend this hotel and I will almost certainly stay again 👍🏼",Date of stay: December 2019,5.0
64,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or60-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Location and Staff Outstanding,"This hotel is in the best location all the main attractions are within walking distance, yes its an old hotel but that is part of its charm, the club lounge needs some attention to bring it in line with what competitors offer in their club lounges but I have been assured that is under review. Its main asset are the staff....they go out of their way to make your stay a memorable one, The Duty Manager Victoria Marcato listened to my concerns regarding the Club Lounge whilst we were there and went out of her way to put things right for us....like I said the staff here are excellent. On our last day we came back to the hotel to a choir singing Christmas Carols  in the foyer which was wonderful. Thank you Le Meridien  we will be back.",Date of stay: December 2019,5.0
65,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or65-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Overpriced - fake nice,"This hotel is fine if everything goes well. If not, good luck. The food/drinks are overpriced, the front desk staff turns over constantly to the point where few know what to do when it’s busy, and the service is slow. They also cut back the perks in the “premier” lounge recently. Not a fan and won’t be back. ",Date of stay: December 2019,2.0
66,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or65-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Better breakfast and rooms in a premier inn and at half the cost,"For cost and value  it wasn’t worth it , Room was tired ,only good thing was the comfortable bed and pillows ,but everything else was below par . As for the food choice well ,the breakfast I’ve seen and had better in a premier in @ 9 in the morning ,it was mostly hard or cold . Also if you do have the breakfast ,buffet or full English that is it Nythimg else you have to pay for . Service charge isn’t displayed in full view on the menus ,Room service and bar menus ,it’s in small print ,at the back . So basically paying for a five star hotel ,but not getting the five star treatment . Also spoke the manager on the Sunday ,and told him ,the same I’ve said here Disappointed was an understatement, ruined what was a great weekend also a treat for my wife ,after the past several months…",Date of stay: December 2019,1.0
67,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or65-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",My worst hotel stay in London,"I must say, I’ve never stayed in such a bad hotel for this kind of money.  I stayed in room 306.  Rooms was completely outdated (min 30yo) and small. I couldn’t find any outlet to plug the hairdryer, carpet was full of stains i didn’t want to walk bear foot, and no isolation whatsoever. It felt as if someone was walking inside the bedroom when guests would walk by the room. Oh, and the view of my room was overlooking the restaurant so curtains must be closed unless you like to expose yourself.  The only positive experience of this hotel was the staff... very friendly and helpful.   The location is also great, which why it’s so expensive. But honestly there are many other great options in this area so I wouldn’t bother with this hotel.   I’m also very surprised about how the…",Date of stay: December 2019,1.0
68,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or65-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent choice,"This hotel is an oasis of calm beyond the hustle and bustle of Piccadilly. It has all the old charm including huge room and decor. Loved the breakfast at the terrace. Service is top notch, from concierge to housekeeping. Katia at breakfast was warm and friendly, a good start to a cold day. Highly recommended. ",Date of stay: December 2019,5.0
69,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or65-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",two night stay,arrived on the 22nd of November. Friendly staff welcomed us. Really wish that I brought my swimming gear as the pool is a must go spot in the hotel if you like taking instagram photos. We got our room upgrade because we were Marriott Rewards member and were happy. Would not recommend if you are looking for a big lounge. It's lounge on the M floor is quite small unfortunately with limited amount of food choices.,Date of stay: November 2019,5.0
70,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or70-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Best location in London,"Rooms a little dated and shower temperature can be changeable but you can’t be location. You don’t need a tube ticket or a taxi once you arrive, restaurants, bars, plays, shopping are all skipping distance. Skip the hotel breakfast package and treat yourself to Fortnum and Mason. ",Date of stay: August 2019,4.0
71,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or70-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Perfect location,Stayed for two nights on a short trip to see the Book of Mormon and have a couple of days pre Christmas shopping. The hotel is perfectly situated  for the theatre district and west end shops. Picadilly underground station is 100m from the front door which makes travel to the hotel really easy from Heathrow airport. Our room overlooked Regent Street but was really quite = no traffic noise at all. Room was a decent size although the bathroom slightly small and no walk in shower.,Date of stay: November 2019,4.0
72,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or70-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, good staff, and good service","Great location , probably a minutes walk from the tube station, and within easy reach of many of the tourist attractions, and theatres. The hotel furnishings are clean and uptown date and the rooms are spacious and clean.   The food is good, and again, the service good.  The only one niggle I would have is the size of the bar ... its quite small (capacity of 40?) so both nights we stayed were unable to have a drink in the bar because there was no seating available - for a hotel of this size, I would have expected a larger bar area.",Date of stay: November 2019,4.0
73,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or70-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Beautiful hotel very convenient location,"We have stayed in this place a number of times before and it was time that I write a review.  The location of this hotel is just perfect with the Theatre District , Marleybone area, SOHO, Chinatown and other great attractions so close by.  This time we had a very nice corner end room on the highest floor (a bit bigger than normal London size rooms).  As part of the Bonvoy Lifetime Titanium status we receive (at no extra charge):  -  Access to the Lounge on the Mezz level - all day snacks, waters, coffee,  espresso....-  Continental Breakfast, fruits, pastries, juices, soft drinks, eye opener smoothies, eggs-  Afternoon snacks-  Afternoon tea with sandwiches, scones,  other snacks-  Happy Hour - beer, wine and hors d'ouvres-  After HH large selection of cheeses and crackers for…",Date of stay: October 2019,4.0
74,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or70-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",A good hotel in Bonvoy ,"It is a pleasure to stay at the Le Mridien Piccadilly Hotel and to meet a professional and polite staff, such as Patricia at the reception, Renata and Juliet at the breakfast.  In the restaurant the staff consists of many nationalities with an exemplary service",Date of stay: November 2019,5.0
75,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or75-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",One night stay for special birthday,"Great place to stay for theatre goers, just a short walk to theatres in the Haymarket and slightly longer for Shaftesbury avenue theatres. We had a corner room overlooking Piccadilly, although you would not have known you were on a busy road as there was very little sound from outside pentrating the double glazing. It was very spacious with all the usual amenities (Tea & Coffee making, safe, fridge, hairdryer and large flat screen TV. The bed was super king and very comfortable. We had afternoon tea in the Terrace restaurant which is a lovely light and spacious room akin to a conservatory and we also had the buffet breakfast which was very nice with plenty to choose from, although not worth the price listed unless you get a deal to include it in the room price. There are…",Date of stay: November 2019,4.0
76,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or75-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Peter Rabbit Afternoon Tea at The Terrace,"Afternoon Tea is my favourite weekend hobby.  From time to time it can get a little boring with many of the London hotels offering unimaginative variations of a basic afternoon tea.  The Terrace at Le Meridian is currently promoting their Peter Rabbit inspired afternoon tea and this is not to be missed.  It is the PERFECT experience for little ones, and very fun for adults too.  The offering is different - vegetable and humus baguettini, salmon roullade, (but then a traditional ham and cheese sandwich).  The cake selection is truly impressive and fun, with edible plant pots and marzipan miniature Peter Rabbit characters that are too cute to eat.  The best part of the afternoon tea experience is Tyrell - what an absolute professional and so much fun.  His infectious smile and…",Date of stay: October 2019,5.0
77,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or75-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Poor service,Not recommended. Staff are not friendly. No greeting when we step in the hotel. Not welcoming when we drinking in the lounge. Really embarrassed because the staff keep mentioning the price of the dishes. The female Staff in the lounge never smile and always with the bad face.  Really bad attitude and we don’t feel comfortable. Never had this bad experience in the 5 star hotel.,Date of stay: October 2019,1.0
78,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or75-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Stay Away,"Spent 3 nights there with family (wife and two kids) in August.  Great location close to restaurants and theaters, but terrible service that we complained about but no one listened. We have emailed the hotel's general manager 4 times to address our stay to address issues with him, and he has ignored all 4 emails. Too many better options in this part of London.",Date of stay: August 2019,1.0
79,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or75-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Stay elsewhere– This place has a history of 3AM fire alarms and unclean rooms,"I’ve never left a review on here before, but if you care about sleep, clean rooms, or updated rooms with basic amenities, I would recommend not staying in this hotel.  I really wanted to like this place. The building itself is beautiful, and the location is excellent. Unfortunately, the negatives in experience far outweigh the positives.   First, there were TWO fire alarms during my 4-night stay; one in the middle of the night and one in the early morning. For people trying to beat jetlag, this is a nightmare. The second time, I asked the front desk what was going on and they gestured to a small sign on the front desk that said they have WEEKLY fire alarm tests. (I’m not sure who reads tiny signs on the front desk after checking in, but this seemed like a woefully ineffective…",Date of stay: October 2019,1.0
80,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or80-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","The staff, the location, the hotel","I’ve just completed a six night stay at Le Méridien Piccadilly.  After traveling solo for 30 days to 3 countries and seven cities and staying in first class hotels, I can honestly say that nothing compares to this hotel. What do you want in a hotel?  Service, comfort, and convenience. The Le Meridien has it all.  Special thanks to the entire staff in the Club Lounge that welcomed me back even though it had been one year since my last stay.  From the doorman to the bellman to the reception this staff is top notch.  Always smiling and professional, I will make sure to always include a stop in this beautiful city to be able to stay in this grand hotel once more.  Thank you!",Date of stay: October 2019,5.0
81,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or80-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Terrace afternoon tea,"Overpriced and poor service.  Generally ignored by staff and only one cup pot of tea provided.    2 finger sandwiches, 1 savoury pastry and a pinwheel.      A couple of dry scones and mediocre cakes.  Save your money, there is far better to be had for similar prices.   ",Date of stay: October 2019,2.0
82,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or80-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",For London business travellers highly recommend,"It has been the 11th time this year I stayed at my fave hotel in London. And 2 more trips are already booked. Apart from the location, the pool, the lounge and of course the fabulous rooms, I would like to dedicate this review to the fabulous staff: Marc, George, Vasco, Ali and all the wonderful and helpful gentlemen at the door and concierge. (Apologies for not having all your names here). Franziska, Stella, Elena, Kevin, Feroza and all colleagues at the front desk. Special thanks to the best ever lounge crew: Victoria, Maria, Irina, Dale and Donatas for taking so good care of me and my husband at every stay and making us truly feel special. Everyone in the hotel makes us always feel at home and we are always sad leaving.! And of course I appreciate Stefan and James looking so…",Date of stay: October 2019,5.0
83,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or80-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great location tired rooms,We chose this hotel due to our Marriot Bonvoy membership. As noted by other reviewers the location is great for luxury and high street shopping and close by to theatres. The proximity was super handy with the dreary weather of London. Service at the front desk was great also. Downside are the rooms which are looking quite tired especially the bathrooms which are in need of updating. The bathroom window also let in alot of noise from the street. We would stay here again though just due to the location. ,Date of stay: October 2019,4.0
84,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or80-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great location!,"Great location, friendly staff and after recently renovated, it also provides comfy accommodation. Stayed there many times and will continue to do so.  Breakfast choice is good and food is yummy!  Would recommend.",Date of stay: February 2019,5.0
85,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or85-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent customer service,I just spent 3 nights at the hotel and was extremely impressed by the high level of customer service  We had a few issues with our room but this was quickly taken care of by Gaspare who not only addressed this issue but followed up during our stay to make sure everything was good.  I would like to thank Gaspare because he made a huge difference to our short stay in London.,Date of stay: September 2019,5.0
86,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or85-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great location but lacking service,On my frequent trips to London I typically pick a different hotel in different areas so this was my first stay at Le Meridien.  It’s a decent hotel but not one I would make a point of returning to.  The location is great especially if you are doing tourist focused activities.  It’s a great central location especially for walking.  The bed was very comfortable and I got a great sleep.  It’s a very quiet hotel given the location.    The negatives were really in the lack of customer engagement.  I encountered few members of staff and when I did I was rarely greeted with a word let alone a smile. I went to the longe to do some work and get a drink but after 15 minutes of not being able to get service I left and went to the bar downstairs.  ,Date of stay: October 2019,3.0
87,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or85-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Lovely room, but noisy.","We have stayed here many times but have always had an executive room at the rear of the hotel. This time, I think it was a refurbished room, but on the first floor, overlooking Piccadilly. The downside of this is, Piccadilly, is a busy thoroughfare. The police were busy, so sirens most of the night.",Date of stay: October 2019,4.0
88,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or85-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",A good hotel but room for improvement,Stayed at this hotel with 40 guests as part of an event. Location is great and the welcome at check in was excellent. Room was clean and bed comfortable. Areas where this hotel could definitely improve are a/ breakfast. Poor service at breakfast and average food at best. Our guests all said that breakfast could have been better. B/ service in the hotel bar (ground floor) nice staff but only 2 of them in a large hotel and service was slow because of this. Sharing this feedback in the hope that these two things can be improved as if they were this would be an excellent hotel that I would definitely stay at again.,Date of stay: October 2019,4.0
89,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or85-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Fifth stay this year!,"We’ve visited and stayed a lot over the course of more than a decade. Some rooms are a little ancient and need refurbishment but the ones we’ve stayed in recently are decent. The two stays in the past few weeks had us in rooms that were spacious with nice views. Many bathrooms have been given a nice, modern facelift.  The people who work here are like precious, old friends ( David, Paul, Mark, Mitri, Vasco, Ali, Mohamed, Faroza, Ryan, Raluca, Barbra, Danya ) who always warmly welcome us back  — 5 times this year! They and the location keep us returning to Le Meridien Piccadilly.   Last but not least, a very special shout out to the wonderful Donatas at the lounge. You always bring the sunshine. Your professionalism and work ethic astounds me. The quality of the lounge and its…",Date of stay: October 2019,5.0
90,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or90-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Have a great stay for 10 days,"We booked before read any reviews. When bumped into review here noticed that’s many negative review, the most concerned us is noisy room and poor hot water supply due to water pressure. But we still gave a chance due to the strategic location, luckily didn’t disappointed us, we got a quiet room and can have good sleep for 10 nights. ",Date of stay: September 2019,5.0
91,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or90-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",No sleep - building works outside my room at midnight!,"Woken up at gone midnight by building works IN the hotel. My room over-looked the terrace restaurant and they were noisily putting up scaffolding outside my bedroom window.  Customer service in the morning was awful.  If I stay in a cheap budget hotel I am given a full no-quibble refund if I have no sleep.  At this hotel the manager didn't even come out to speak to me and a refund ""is too difficult""!!!  Great location for a hotel but go elsewhere if you would also like half-decent service too.",Date of stay: October 2019,1.0
92,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or90-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",A great choice !,"I decided to settle on this hotel among the many BonVoy Marriott hotels in London. A great choice after the first night .... great pool, service staff, beautiful room/suite, and of course the location.",Date of stay: October 2019,5.0
93,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or90-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Location unbeatable and you stay right in the center,"The hotel located at Piccadilly and is a great location, price is reasonable, location is excellent, you can walk to lots of things including China Town, few minutes walk to Leicester Square, really central, save a lot on taxi, easily to go in any direction, staying at this location is crazy convenient! This hotel is an old one and service not particularly nice, when you come to London to shop, this is the best place everywhere is walking distance. ",Date of stay: August 2019,4.0
94,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or90-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely,"Well located. Beautiful decor. Attentive staff. Not cheap but what you would expect given the name and location. Restaurant decent. But yes, expensive. All in all, a nice hotel befitting of the Meridien name.",Date of stay: August 2019,4.0
95,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or95-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Afternoon tea and visit to Spa,I visited this hotel at the beginning of October as a birthday treat for my Dad.  We booked in for afternoon tea and a Spa experience and were not disappointed.  From the outset staff were professional and accommodating (I initially I had to get in touch with them a few days before my booking regarding an issue with my reservation – as I had mixed up my dates but they responded quickly and dealt with my concerns).  The hotel is easy to find and conveniently located to shops and transport around London and the West End.  It has a small entrance but inside is spacious and inviting.  We had afternoon tea – Peter Rabbit theme inspired tea on the 2nd floor (terrace restaurant) and it was gorgeous – if it is warm enough you can sit outside on the balcony and look over Piccadilly…,Date of stay: October 2019,4.0
96,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or95-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Location in London,"This hotel is very conveniently located in London's Picadilly Circus. It is a very short walk to everywhere. The hotel is run by Marriot and it well appointed. We arrived very early as the flight landed at 6:00am but we were pleasantly surprised to be able to check in when we arrived. Made all the difference to our first day. The only concern we had was that it was difficult to flush the toilet, we reported to the concierge who said he would attend to it but it was still the same when we departed after our four day stay. Afternoon tea was a treat.",Date of stay: July 2019,4.0
97,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or95-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Definitely stay here,"Tacked on a few days at the end of a business trip and stayed in London.  This hotel has a very good location.  This part of town is busy, and touristy, but that's ok.  You can walk to many of the major attractions you may want to visit.  But what really makes it, in my opinion, is the service.  Very good, very attentive - everyone.  I had a particularly good experience with Elena at the front desk who took care of a couple of issues.  Very efficient, and also remembered me and the issues she took care of.  Same with Alejandro, also at the front desk.  Ali at the concierge desk was extremely helpful.  Get a drink at the bar before going out to dinner.  It's really relaxing and chill.  And you get close up magic performed at your table - and not in any obnoxious way.  Dominic was…",Date of stay: September 2019,5.0
98,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or95-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","2nd floor terrace for tea, snacks or cocktails","Sit in or out, it’s October, so for us, in. Also a bar. Good light space with Art Deco decor and a lot of small groups of business people chatting. Fabulous central location.   Tiny pot of tea, 7 varieties, £5. Good list of cocktails and mock tails. Tea dud nit cm3 with milk and a bit soulless ( fresh flowers in the tables would make a huge difference.  Staff friendly.",Date of stay: October 2019,4.0
99,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or95-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great sport/wellness facilities!,Easily reachable with public transport and good value for the price. Very clean and well organised facilities. Great Squash courts. The wellness reception lady Mattea is exceptionally kind! She was very caring and constantly made sure we had everything we needed!,Date of stay: October 2019,5.0
100,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or100-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Delicious Tea Time,"We came here for tea time with our toddler. We were seated inside. It was so so hot. I wish they had central air. Just a tiny fan was working. Besides that, the food was delicious. We thought it was small, but at the end we couldn't even finish all. My toddler loved it.",Date of stay: August 2019,4.0
101,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or100-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Central Location, Nice Staff, Slightly Tired Rooms - 3.5 for Me","I recently stayed here for a few nights on business having had the booking made for me by a colleague.  The location here is either a huge plus or a small minus depending on what you want. For me, I'd prefer to be in a quieter part of London away from the heart of Piccadilly but I can see that for others that are on their first trip or want to be in ""the heart of things"" this could be a very strong positive for choosing this hotel and, naturally, you are going to pay more for being in this location.  Check-in and check-out for me here was very good & all the staff I interacted with were great. The lobby and public spaces are nice and that includes the breakfast room where I ate reasonable buffet breakfasts over the course of 4 days.  In terms of room, mine was ""fine"", pretty…",Date of stay: September 2019,3.0
102,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or100-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Bien mais probablement un peu cher,Le Méridien offers completely correct services and large rooms for conferences. The bedrooms are a bit dated and not all of them are outside. The hotel is particularly well located near Piccadilly and 15/20 minutes away from St Pancras. There is an appealing bar in the basement that unfortunately I haven't had the chance to go to.,Date of stay: September 2019,4.0
103,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or100-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Worthless service and systems - don't count on anything.,"On arrival at Le Meridien at check-in I was advised that they had overbooked and were transferring me to another hotel some miles distant. Transport would be arranged. The hotel in question was the Marrriot in Kensington which knew very little of the arrangement, reluctantly booked me in and absolutely would do nothing to provide transport to take me back into the city for the dinners and meetings I had arranged. Incidentally they had no operational lifts which was a bit of a shame given my allocated room was on the 6th floor.",Date of stay: September 2019,1.0
104,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or100-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",This is NOT a dog friendly hotel,"Definately not five star hotel, rooms shabby and in need of an upgrade, everything gone past its best. We normally stay at the lovely dig friendly Chesterfield but had to slum it here instead. No facilities for dog on arrival, ie bowls, bed etc. No dog sitting service so my poor dachshund was stressed out at being left when we had to go for our meeting. At breakfast we (including dog) were shown to our table by a lovely member of staff, within minutes another member of staff came and told us we had to remove the dog and said we could have breakfast in our room which we declined as the room was not equipped for dining. On our second and thankfully final morning we went down for breakfast without the dog and within minutes we were stood over by  two suited men who asked our names…",Date of stay: September 2019,2.0
105,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or105-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Ok, but NOT 5 star","We were here for 8 nights.  All in all, a decent hotel but not even close to a 5 star hotel.  It might be in a 5 star location and charge 5 star rates, but the rooms (at least ours) are tired and dated to be a 5 star.  The trip advisor pictures show these lovely rooms in beige/cream/white with nice modern/leather furniture while ours was battleship grey with dingy upholstered furniture and ill fitting stained carpet.  Our view out of both windows was either a delivery alley or the air handlers which we could often hear at night.  The bathroom was ok as in it was clean with great water pressure, but a lot of chipped or cracked tile & marble.  Tried to use the iron to press a shirt and not only did it leak like a sieve on my clean shirt, but spit out some nasty black stuff which I…",Date of stay: September 2019,3.0
106,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or105-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Awful afternoon tea,"Had to stand around waiting to be seated, then waited ages - had to flag down a waitress to ask for a drinks men, then again to actually order drinks, drinks then didn’t come.  When they finally did bring the bottle of prosecco (1 hour after we sat down) it was room temperature - the waitress must have known this when she poured it out as the bottle was not cold at all, but served it to us anyway.  Took another 10 mins to get it changed so didn’t actually get drinks until half way through the food.    The sandwiches were very disappointing - bread was stale and they were all tasteless and very cold - felt like they had just been left on a plate in the fridge to dry out and I very much doubt they were made on the day we wer eating them..  Also tiny portion size - although given…",Date of stay: September 2019,2.0
107,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or105-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Naseema,Just got back from a business trip from Dubai. Stayed at this hotel. The hotel is located just by the airport.  The staff are extremely friendly and helpful. I was upgraded to a royal room which was nice.  This hotel is great for business purposes. Bit disappointed with the pools and spa area with sauna and jacuzzi. Need updating.  Breakfast is fantastic and the staff in the restaurant are very helpful.  The hotel very kindly gave me hotel complimentary transfer to airport in a Tesla which was a great experience,Date of stay: September 2019,4.0
108,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or105-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great location,"Le Meridien hotel is a nice hotel, great service and very well located. Price is reasonable, rooms are fine, food at the restaurant is good and offers different options. It is a few meters from Piccadilly which is a great advantage. I would recommend it",Date of stay: September 2019,4.0
109,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or105-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Don't let the doorman get you a taxi,"I do not know if this is common practice in London, but on our departure from Le Meriden we were told by the taxi driver that fares from this hotel are more money because drivers have the kickback money to the doorman.",Date of stay: August 2019,1.0
110,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or110-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Wonderful stay, very homely","From the moment we approached this historic, grand London hotel, the doorman, check-in and the rest of the hotel staff we encountered during our stay did everything possible to ensure that we were made to feel special. Everyone made an effort to engage, this really did make all the difference!  We stayed in a family room with 2 double beds on the 9th floor. The decor was very tasteful and the views from the room excellent. We were surprised at the size of the room for a central London hotel which usually provides little more than a shoebox.  The hotel is grand yet not ostentatious, the vibe blends modernity with original features, this may not be to everyone’s taste and a period hotel is bound to have its quirks, but in a land of new homogeneous hotels, I’d take this any day. …",Date of stay: September 2019,5.0
111,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or110-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",A fabulous hotel for a London break in summer !,"This is the 3rd time we have stayed in this hotel and looking forward to a future visit. Why? - The location is perfect and so close to shopping, theatres, restaurants, galleries and the wonderful architecture vibe from old London.  The staff are so friendly and professional and are always around with a smile and keen to ensure that your enjoying your stay. By the time you leave the hotel, you feel like a regular local. I would give the team 10/10 for their service and natural friendliness. I had a problem with my airline losing my luggage and the team at the hotel did everything they could to assist.  Best of all-and very rare in London- Le-Meridien has an outside terrace on the 2nd floor which is perfect for an alfresco lunch or pre-dinner drinks. We did both and it was…",Date of stay: August 2019,5.0
112,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or110-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Birthday treat,"Spent a night here over the weekend.   Really nice room, cosy and comfortable. Nothing loud or luxurious. Some of the decor could do with a make over, especially the carpets, very worn out. But pleasant. One disappointment, There was no bathtub, although, the information regarding the room clearly stated that there was a bath tub.   Service at front desk was very good and friendly, Alejandro was really helpful. The gym closes too early on the weekends though.  Could possibly come again, but would not be for more than a couple of nights.",Date of stay: August 2019,3.0
113,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or110-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Service Service Service,"Hotels today must  offer good service.  We stayed here for 6 days while in London.  We liked the location it was convenient to everything.  There were 3 of us my wife, her sister and myself.  We stayed here previously and liked it.  They offer a junior suite that  can sleep 3 people consisting of a king bed and sofa bed.  On our first night my sister in law had a very bad night because the sofa bed was extremely uncomfortable.  We called for a roll a way and that was worst than the sofa bed.  I decided to go to the front desk to see what they could do.  The manager offered that we change our room to one with 2 queen beds which was unacceptable.  I asked that they remove the sofa bed and replace it with a regular bed to the manager refused.  The  manager could of easily given us…",Date of stay: August 2019,1.0
114,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or110-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Afternoon Tea -Peter Rabbit ,"The hotel and ambience were great. However, much to our surprise the service was awful. We had quite simple dietary requirements for some of the party, which had been pre-arranged (or we would not have made the booking) however the staff and chefs could not get their heads around it at all. 3 of us were vegetarian and don’t eat eggs. That aside, we did not feel looked after, had to ask several times for our drinks which seemed to come out in drips and drabs. The children barely received any sandwiches and we had to ask for refills many times, just getting two tiny finger sandwiches at a time. In the end, we asked for our scones 3 times, for them only to be brought to half the party. On fourth request we were told no eggless scones! When others peter rabbit teas were brought out…",Date of stay: August 2019,2.0
115,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or115-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Great Location, Professional and Welcoming Staff","I stayed here on business and had a little bit of time for leisure too. Every time I left the hotel or came back, I felt welcomed. It's on a very busy street, but the front lobby staff (from door men to the front desk team, from the concierge to the subtle and classy security guard) all made you feel welcome when you left for the day or returned from the hustle and bustle. The room was fashionable; black, grey and white with pops of red. I really enjoyed my stay. The location couldn't be better, near all the hottest shopping in London, and easy access to different Underground lines. Also, great gym with all the equipment you want, and a lovely classy pool. When I go back to London I will stay here again.",Date of stay: August 2019,4.0
116,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or115-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely Peter Rabbit afternoon tea,"My husband saw this advertised in Time Out magazine so we decided to book this - my husband had the Peter Rabbit book as a kid so was keen to go.  The cafe (on the 2nd floor of the hotel) itself is lovely with lots of plants and greenery.  On dry & sunny days you can even eat on the balcony .  The afternoon tea is served on a two tier slate set and is as cute as, well, a bunch of Beatrix Potter rabbits.  Edible plant pots and mushrooms included.  Loved the eye for detail here, which lovers of the story will be able to spot - blackberries, the chamomile mousse, the flower pot is broken (by the rabbit) and there is a marzipan ""no rabbits"" sign.  The cakes incidentally were absolutely delicious.  I was less keen on the sandwiches (we ordered vegetarian ones), which I thought were a…",Date of stay: August 2019,5.0
117,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or115-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Freundin hier abgestiegen- bestens,"If you get an executive room you will feel like a president, everything included. I even joined breakfast and Lounge treatment as an exterior. Basement restrooms need more cleaniness  Old fashioned and  beautiful hotel, as close as it gets to Piccadilly Circus. The receptionists are little bit inefficient-working ",Date of stay: August 2019,5.0
118,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or115-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Afternoon Tea,"Afternoon tea n spa access for two via Wowcher. Great price at £59 for 2. Great location. Lots to see lots to shop lots to visit around London.  We had a peter rabbit themed afternoon tea. Absolutely delicious and great presentation. Great service and staff with a smile. Tasty bread, sandwiches,pastry, scones and edible chocolate pots with truffle soil etccc  Only set back was the spa - it was not what we expected for Le Meridien in central London. Quite small pool with a tiny steam room. Shower facilities adequate n changing room has no wow factor for Le Meridien.",Date of stay: August 2019,3.0
119,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or115-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Peter Rabbit Afternoon Tea,"We visited Le Meridien today for their Peter Rabbit afternoon tea and it was fantastic. The thought, detail and taste that went into each collection of afternoon teas can not be faulted and was enjoyed greatly by my family. The customer service was also brilliant, all staff we met were happy and welcoming and wanted to make our experience special.  Although we didn't have an overnight stay in the hotel we were impressed with what areas we saw and have stayed in a number of hotels within the Marriott group to compare it to. We are now planning an overnight stay so we can experience other parts of the hotel like the magic bar and spa facilities. ",Date of stay: August 2019,5.0
120,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or120-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Not historical, just old and rundown","It's utterly ridiculous that LeMeridien Piccadilly calls itself a 5 star hotel.  I would beg to disagree.  From the day we got there, the stifling hot reception area, with it's weird and disagreeable-smelling pumped in air freshener set on blast, I knew I wasn't going to be pleased staying here.  What I didn't expect was how little the staff would care that I was unhappy.   We were taken to rooms that were old, and out-dated, with a bathroom featuring cracked tiles, with mold and mildew in the corners and stains in the tub.  The beds were made with a bottom sheet, no top sheet, and a hugely thick comforter.  I asked housekeeping repeatedly for a top sheet to be put on our bed, but only received one folded up and laid on the chair.  I asked for a lighter blanket for the bed, and…",Date of stay: August 2019,1.0
121,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or120-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Great Location, Choose Wisely","Love this location—- closest Marriott to Covent Garden.  Paolo at front desk was charming to the end. I mistakenly chose an upgrade to give suite that was OLD and NOISY AIRCON instead of a renovated smaller club room offered to me. I did see it and recommend ClubRooms on 1 floor. The Lounge is just okay with mediocre selections. Paolo and Mattia at the Reception stand out!  Uploaded are old scratched flooring, outdated Aircon, bathroom with mirror on SIDE— not in front (ridiculous), and old dirty vents pumping dust we breathe. ",Date of stay: August 2019,3.0
122,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or120-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Prime location but otherwise mediocre.,"The best thing about this hotel is the location. It’s an unbeatable location within walking distance to everything. The rooms are mediocre and can use some updating - especially the bathrooms, which have shower curtains (eeek). The club lounge food was not very good although the location and set up of the lounge was aesthetically pleasing. I was mostly suprised at the poor service of the staff. Calling for a towel required a 20 minute wait and I waited almost 40 minutes for wine glasses and ice bucket. Very little recognition if your are a titanium traveler.",Date of stay: July 2019,3.0
123,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or120-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Awesome location...but not 4 or 5 star,"The interior is tired and needs refurbishment. Carpets are not clean in the corridors and bathroom tiles are stained. This is not a courtyard Marriott its a Le Meridien! Do note the hotel doesnt have parking. We were lucky the concierge made an exception to guide us to a parking close-by. Mattress was not good, very old rooms.",Date of stay: July 2019,3.0
124,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or120-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Reasonable value hotel,"The reception area is pleasant enough, and the staff attentive.  We booked a Deluxe room, and the room was large with a king bed.  Bathroom was small but functional.  The toilet needed flushing 4 times to get the smallest piece of tissue to disappear - probably due to a tiny amount of water from the cistern.  The shower was excellent.  The room was tired, all fixtures and fittings worked, but the decor looked old, tired and grubby.  But, two things - when you pay for a deluxe room you expect to have windows with a view, not windows that were effectively translucent, and that let in very little natural light, a deluxe room shouldn't be an internal room.  This made our room dingy, and to be honest the reason why I give this an ""average"" rating.  So when you check in ask if it's an…",Date of stay: August 2019,3.0
125,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or125-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",always an enjoyable stay  ...,"My home from home in London, always a pleasure to return to the Le Meridian Piccadilly. From the personal check-in for Platinum members with either, swift and efficient, David or Ferrosa .... to being greeted by the friendly staff in the Club Lounge.  Situated on the mezzanine floor overlooking the reception, the open, spacious, club lounge is a great asset for guests to relax throughout the day for breakfast, afternoon and evening canapés and drinks. Supervisor by the ever efficient flamboyant Donatas, organized, welcomed and expertly served by the ever amiable Dale, where nothing is too much trouble, i am truly made to feel comfortable and spoilt.  Not least to mention the great location of the hotel, 2 minutes stroll to Piccadilly Circus, plus with comfortable rooms, an…",Date of stay: June 2019,5.0
126,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or125-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Perfect,Faboulous modern hotel with all the amenities. Perfect location to see all the sites of London! The concierge was excellent. He pointed us in the right direction and made the perfect recommendations for my husband and I.,Date of stay: July 2019,5.0
127,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or125-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Outmoded; not worth the price they ask for.,"I booked on a rather short noticed one night at GBP 294 via the BonVoy page.   I arrived very early in the morning and had to wait at least 15 mins at check -in, as the desk was only occupied with one person. Only after nine, a squad of 4 people came to assist. Looks like on a week-end the full service starts at 9 am.   First, I was given a twin-bed room which I declined, as it looked frumpy and the twin bed was really small. They told me another room would only be available after 3 pm which was fine with me. I asked the clerk if he could be so kind to allocate me an inner-court yard (due to the traffic noise) and refurbished room.  I was rather disappointed as I had told them to get me a refurbished room, they gave me Room 431 which is really outdated! You cannot switch the…",Date of stay: July 2019,2.0
128,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or125-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",London Holiday,"The managemnent and staff at the front desk were friendly, but unconcerned with and provided no customer service when the air conditioning, that was broken, on the hotel on the hottest day this year in London. The heat 102° farenheit or 40° celcius was unbearable but no one seemed to care. On the other hand Viktoria and Dale who work on the lounge level were very concerned with customer service. They were friendly and attentive. ",Date of stay: July 2019,3.0
129,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or125-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",12 July 2019 - Wowcher Spa Day / Afternoon Tea,I feel compelled to leave this review. The level of customer service we received was exceptional.  I would like to thank each and every member of staff for taking such good care of us.   They showered us with so much attention and really made us all feel special. They are all a true credit to Le Meridian.  Thank you for a real dream come true day,Date of stay: July 2019,5.0
130,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or130-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",The welcome sets the tone!,Full  marks plus to the friendly and helpful doorman who escorted us all the way to the Terrace restaurant where I'd booked lunch special. Three courses and bottomless prosecco.  I always feel the welcome sets the tone in hotels and restaurants. And so it  proved. We had an excellent and helpful waitress (from Zimbabwe whose folk are so friendly).  And the food? Terrific value for some quite complex dishes. 'Bish' had a ravioli butternut starter which he pronounced good. I had prawns and avocado which I liked.  We both had been crusted hake with vegetables and a lobster  sauce. Fish a tad overcooked but still delicious. I had lemon meringue pie for pud.  The prosecco was acceptable and they aren't stingy about refilling. The spacious glass domed setting was lovely on a sunny day…,Date of stay: July 2019,4.0
131,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or130-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Wonderful, central full service heritage hotel","I'm sure I said here many years ago but the reconstruction (it must be such as the upgrade is more than just a refurbishment). Exceptional welcome by security and reception and delighted to be upgraded.  Very nice large room, overlooking Piccadilly but great soundproofing/  Good toiletries and superior bedding. Wife excellent. Nice to be able to walk to the theatre and shops despite the tourist throng (in January!).   Good breakfast in the Exec Lounge and very helpful concierge",Date of stay: January 2019,5.0
132,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or130-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely Hotel and Great location ,"Came here after checking out of the W Leicester and was so happy.  Had a Jr Suite and was nice and quiet compared to the W Hotel.  I didn’t really like the Club Lounge so wouldn’t recommend upgrading for it and it’s located on Mezzanine so nothing special.  The swimming pool, gym and steam room are great and got to use it one day.  They also have a cool bar in the basement level with a magician walking around doing tricks.    The location was fantastic as it’s centrally located and the shopping on Regent Street is right next to hotel.  Will definitely stay here again!",Date of stay: July 2019,4.0
133,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or130-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Good Hotel Central Location,"I stayed 3 nights in a room overlooking Regents Street which was great for catching a glimpse of the Pride London parade from my room.  Check-In was slow but I was offered water and a towelette albeit we had to share the small bottle of water between 2 people.  The room was just slightly small for the 2 pieces of luggage but we made do. Otherwise the room was very comfortable with a comfortable bed and nice bathroom.  Afternoon tea at the Terrace restaurant was great, very filling and in a nice restaurant layout with lots of natural light. I went twice.  Piccadilly Circus was a bit sketchy at night but hotel security was attentive and access required key card into the hotel.  All in all a good stay. ",Date of stay: July 2019,5.0
134,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or130-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Lost item during stay, hotel does nothing about it","Le Meridien really went downhill over the last few years  Overall service and quality not the same and cheap-out on little things (used to have some free biscuits and full sized water bottles, poor quality towels, etc)  Washroom is renovated but water pressure is poor and barely enough hot water  Lost my lululemon top after house-keeping came in one day - informed front desk who simply said they didn't find it and wouldn't do anything about it.  I guess I'm lucky that it's just a shirt that I lost?  Overall very disappointed and won't come back next time",Date of stay: July 2019,2.0
135,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or135-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Afternoon Tea,"Went her on a wowcher deal which included spa and Afternoon tea,  The spa is dated in serious need of a refurb and definitely not what I would expect from a 4/5 start central London hotel. Please dont expect this to be a relaxing experience. Also the is no sauna or Jacuzzi. The relaxation room is also pretty grim.  We enjoyed using the gym and spent about 10 mins in the steam room.  Couldn't really comment on the pool as didnt use it. There were a few swimming lessons happening at the time we were there.  Plus side was the afternoon tea was fab, and the place where its served its simple wonderful. You can tell that the hotel have spent alot of money on the area and they definitely got this part right.   We upgraded for extra sandwiches and prosecco which was nice too. The staff…",Date of stay: July 2019,4.0
136,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or135-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Fantastic stay at Le Meridien Piccadilly,"Myself and my husband spent a few nights here in March for a mix of business and pleasure. This trip was also a special occasion and the hotel really made an effort to make it a trip to remember. My husband is a titanium member and we were afforded the usual benefits of free wifi, breakfast, access to the Club Lounge etc. We were also very lucky to be upgraded to a beautiful suite and a bottle of bubbly & treats left in our suite on arrival. Really I can't think of more that could have been done to make our stay more enjoyable!    Special mention to Donatas (sorry I'm not sure if that's correct spelling!) and his team at the Club Lounge as they really were fantastic. Very professional, friendly and they just made a difference to our stay.    We'd been to this hotel before and…",Date of stay: March 2019,5.0
137,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or135-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Do Not Stay Here; Terrible Value; Old Rooms & 2AM Fire Alarms,"I recently stayed here on the last night of our honeymoon, and it was one word: DREADFUL. The worst hotel experience, I have had in 10 years. The experience has convinced me to never stay at a Le Meridien again and that Marriott/Starwood group has a lot of issues. I communicated this concerns to the hotel and they were dismissive, barely apologetic and failed to provide a reasonable or empathic response. DO NOT STAY HERE. Please take your money to the Hyatt Regency in Marble Arch or another property.   First, the condition of the Room and Bathroom was horrid. No better than a motel and no way close to a Category 7 Bonvoy hotel as the website indicates. Read the other reviews, and you will see, carpets are terribly strained. Furniture in the room is worn and in some places torn.…",Date of stay: July 2019,1.0
138,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or135-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Perfect for the weekend,I arranged a hotel/theatre break for my brother and I selected this hotel primarily because of its closeness to the Lyceum theatre. Although the LeMeridien is essentially a business hotel it DEFINITELY knows how to entertain weekenders,Date of stay: July 2019,5.0
139,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or135-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Dreadful restaurant experience,"During a stay with our grand children in London, one evening we decided to go for dinner to the restaurant of this well known hotel. Dreadful experience. We ordered soles an easy plate. It took exactly one hour to get them after ordering. The poor waitresses regularly apologized until they eventually told us the chef had a « priority order for the outside » ... that’s quite a sense of customer service. The « chef » didn’t even came to apologize by himself ... As far as the soles were concerned one would expect fresh fishes in this type of restaurant... they were clearly frozen fishes not very tasty...",Date of stay: July 2019,1.0
140,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or140-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Unbeatable location with a fabulous staff!,"This hotel has delightfully old charm but is well-maintained. The architecture and staircases are wonderful. Very clean and we have stayed there every year for a week or sometimes two, for the last 10 years. One of the reasons we continue to go back is the excellent staff. The club lounge is a great asset in this hotel so ensure you book to get access to it. Dale in the club lounge is a TERRIFIC person and will help you with anything you need. Dale's authentic, helpful and kind personality definitely made our most recent stay an unforgettable one - enough that our family missed her as soon as we left! Stella at reception and John in the gym are also great staff!  The service at this hotel is extremely strong and the formal doorman in a top hat at the entrance is just the…",Date of stay: June 2019,4.0
141,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or140-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great Location,"Great location, courteous staff and clean rooms. My wife and I had a great stay. Plenty of shopping and restaurants nearby. We were lucky to have wonderful weather for our 10 day stay.   Will certainly stay again!",Date of stay: August 2018,5.0
142,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or140-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Nice staff amazing location fairly clean,"David McNamara guest relations manager checked me in personally when he saw me waiting at the check in counter and was very welcoming and nice to us. The hotel is generally old and might need some renovation, but it was comfortable and we enjoyed our stay in it.",Date of stay: June 2019,5.0
143,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or140-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Very Disappointing!,We stayed just one night at this hotel. My husband booked a double room. When we entered our room frankly it was barely big enough for one person let alone two! One tiny bed which was so uncomfortable! I kept waking through the night with pains in my hips because the mattress was so hard. Every time my husband turned over in bed he hit his arm on the bedside cabinet! Air conditioning was so noisy we couldn't keep on during the night and so had to leave the window open which made it very noisy. The bathroom as well as needing updating was so tiny that one person had a problem with it and there was no way that two people could use it at the same time. Bath and over bath shower - the bath was so slippery and if you were anyway physically impaired you would have a real problem…,Date of stay: June 2019,3.0
144,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or140-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Manoj,"This hotel does not even have proper charging station near the bed for your phone. What is the value of paying ~350£ when you cannot charge your phone. I am an elite titanium member, and this is my plight I wonder what it will be for others?",Date of stay: June 2019,1.0
145,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or145-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Location is everything....,"Le Meridien Piccadilly has the best location for a weekend visit. Walking, taking the underground is perfect. The staff at the Hotel is friendly and helpful. The lounge is still at a wrong place. Overlooking the reception and entrance is no fun. The lounge should be a relaxing place. Food is ok if someone is hungry.  The breakfast at the Atrium is *** .  Very englisch, nothing for Asians. Cold cuts had a poor look. The FNB Manager needs to visit different Hotels. The only highlights are now the Berries.  We booked two rooms. One was small , one big. Both bathrooms need improvement!! Nobody at the hotels things about elderly person how to go inside the tub to get a shower. The water came either only hot or cold.  Towels are old, so the pillows. Pillows are nowadays a issue!  This…",Date of stay: June 2019,3.0
146,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or145-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great club lounge,In London and staying at the Meridien Piccadilly (great location) for work for two weeks and have to say that the staff at the club lounge are just wonderful - a special thank you to Dale and Irina who went the extra mile!,Date of stay: June 2019,5.0
147,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or145-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Good location but disappointed,"Arrived on 12 June to a Club Room on the fifth floor. The room is big and comes furnished with a king sized bed, couch, and bath. However, there were a few disappointments.  1. Requested, at time of booking, for a club room with a walk-in shower but this was missed by the front desk. Eventually there was nothing done because the hotel was full.  2. The entire room is in a bad state of repair - floor board squeaks, front door does not shut properly, carpet is stained, switches do not work and there is an unpleasant odour.  3. Almost all staff members I encountered had poor attention to details. Requested for bill to be sent to my email account and this was not done.  Requested for daily papers to be delivered and this was not done.  4. One of three elevators was not working for…",Date of stay: June 2019,2.0
148,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or145-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Awesome experience,Dale in the Club Lounge was wonderful.  She treated us with respect and made sure we had everything we needed.  She was welcoming and friendly...went over and above to enhance our stay!  I would definitely return to this hotel!,Date of stay: June 2019,5.0
149,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or145-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Perfectly located - tastefully updated,I stayed in this hotel about 15 years ago and was anxious to return. It's even better now having been updated. The location is perfect - lots of restaurants within a short walk and a nearby stop for the Big Bus line which I'd highly recommend. My husband can't walk long distances but from this hotel we were able to see all the highlights of London and thoroughly enjoyed our visit.,Date of stay: May 2019,5.0
150,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or150-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great location ,"The reception were kind and courteous . The building is older but I imagine most are in the area. Elevators can be slow but there's enough of them and nice carpeted stairs if in a hurry. Few steps away from Picaddilly Tube. Previous reviews of homeless were not an issue from the occasional that you would see in any city . Close and walkable within 5-10 min to Soho, Chinatown, Theatre that my preteen and I felt safe . Lots of people traffic so it's safer in that way . Station very convenient . Would recommend again as a good base for sightseeing . ",Date of stay: June 2019,5.0
151,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or150-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Quick girls trip ,"I stayed at the hotel for a girls trip, the room was lovely and spacious. I was welcomed to check in by Feroza who came over to me whilst waiting at the front desk. She took me over to her fancy desk. She was really quick and informative. Feroza was so helpful and resourceful, honestly a great asset to the hotel. I stayed there for two nights and she made sure any issue I had she dealt with it swiftly and smoothly. Lovely hotel, great location but the only negative thing is whilst passing the front desk multiple of time, I notice a few of the staff speaking their fluent language, that being Italian, I am guessing. It didn’t make me feel welcome and felt like they was speaking about me (most likely not) I just think it wasn’t professional and found it shocking to see the duty…",Date of stay: February 2019,4.0
152,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or150-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",What a treat! ,"We had such a lovely time in the hotel over the weekend: staff was attentive and friendly and it seemed nothing was too much for them, any outlet need was looked after. Sandra at the front desk was so lovely and helpful, a true gem for this hotel! We can’t wait to be back for another great London escape!",Date of stay: June 2019,5.0
153,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or150-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Worst hotel ever!!!!!!! NEVER COMING BACK,"From service to the end. I upgraded to Junior Suite and let’s just say I’ve had better service in budget hotels back then. I normally stay at the Ritz London but because I was with my family and friends we decided to go to a cheaper hotel in a nice location. When we arrived, the room was not ready therefore we waited for 1 hour. Once they say it was ready, we get in the room, towels were still on the floor and tissue was on the floor. 5 and I mean FIVE PEOPLE came to our room one by one in different times. One staff came in to our room with their own access key. Can I just say that this is way out of line. What if the guest you decided to come in to their room was in the shower? You will barge in? NOT EVEN SAYING SORRY.   We called the service to lend us an adaptor and it took…",Date of stay: June 2019,1.0
154,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or150-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Clean, great staff, prime downtown location","To summarize, Le Meridien Piccadilly is a very clean hotel with friendly and helpful staff, located directly in the heart of the vibrant city of London. The twin bed room isn’t as large as a “typical” American hotel room, but it is what you’d expect in a dense urban environment. And, unlike many twin or double bed hotel rooms in Europe, this actually had two separated beds, with space to walk in between.  The staff is very courteous, friendly, and accommodating. Having a near-24/7 doorman adds both a notch of class and an additional level of safety. I never felt the slightest unsafe, at any point, but the mere presence of having an employee there was comforting.   The staff was helpful in securing a driver, the night before, for a very early departure out of Heathrow.  I’d…",Date of stay: March 2019,5.0
155,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or155-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",WONDERFULL SERVICE,This hotel is close to everything. Very clean and very friendly staff. You wont be disappointed in staying at this location. So many great restaurants to choose from and so may different shops to take advantage of.,Date of stay: July 2018,5.0
156,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or155-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Our 14th year and counting!,"We have been coming here since our daughter was itty bitty. She’s now 21 and her boyfriend came along on this trip. London is always our entry and exit point when we come to Europe for the summer. Le Meridien Piccadilly is the only address for us. Their wonderful team have become like family. A shout out to Donatas, David, Barbara, Mark, Vasco, Raluca, Dalé, Mitri, Ali, Feroza, etc... Thank you for taking care of us and making Le Meridien our second home.   A special shout out to Donatas and Feroza for going above and beyond on this trip to make my birthday so special. We loved the upgraded room you put us in, Feroza. At times like this, my husband’s loyalty as a Marriott Bonvoy Platinum member become more deeply rooted.   And dear Donatas, what can I say but THANK YOU THANK YOU…",Date of stay: June 2019,5.0
157,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or155-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Peter Rabbit afternoon tea.,"We visited Le Meridien for the Peter Rabbit afternoon tea, it was my partners birthday. It was a sunny day yesterday and the tea takes place in the glass terrace. It was absolutely baking in there, the air con wasn't working, they kept closing the door that was the only breeze entering the area. The service wasnt up to scratch to be honest and all the dirty plates and racks were piled up right in front of me . To cut a long story short the cakes were melting, it was uncomfortable in there and not the perfect birthday experience that I thought we would have.We asked for at least one of the cream teas to be taken off the bill, we were offered a 10 percent discount, not great. Its a shame as the idea is great, we left very disappointed. ",Date of stay: June 2019,2.0
158,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or155-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Peter Rabbit Afternoon Tea - delicious savouries and patisserie,"I was taken to Le Meridien for the Peter Rabbit Afternoon Tea as a surprise treat by my daughter - and what a lovely surprise it was!  I think our waitress was new as she wasn't particularly on the ball, but still friendly and polite so it wasn't an issue.  The tea was served on a two-tier picnic bench which fitted the theme perfectly - and everything looked so appetising and clearly an awful lot of thought had gone into making sure it was all correctly themed around Peter Rabbit.  The savouries were all delicious and they were followed by the most delicious scones with the clotted cream and strawberry jam served in little terracotta pots!  There were then four delicious pastries - four might not sound like a lot, but they were all full-size and in the end, we had to leave some…",Date of stay: May 2019,4.0
159,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or155-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",5 days with family in London,"Took the whole fam damily to London last weekend for a bat mitzvah.  We stayed at the le Meridien Picadilly, which is centrally located in London and is a beautiful hotel.  The staff was super friendly and helpful.  We had no issue at all.  5 of us (me, wifey, 17, 14 and 9 year olds) booked a suite and had a cot in the room so we'd all have room to sleep.  Bathroom was modern and clean, although we could have used more than one sink.  We would definitely stay here again.",Date of stay: May 2019,5.0
160,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or160-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely,"The hotel is located in the heart of London, just a few steps away from many sightseeing spots or a quick few minutes by bus/ underground. Sarah at check in was very helpful and the doormen are very courteous.  We would like to mention Vicky from the breakfast service, took so much time for each guest and was smiling the entire time. What a good soul! Rooms are in a perfect condition and very clean. Thank you team for the nice stay, loved every Second.",Date of stay: May 2019,5.0
161,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or160-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, good rooms","Prime location of this hotel right off Piccadilly circle allows you to not having to take a call if you are staying central with loads of restaurants, shops, attractions a small walk away. Hyde park and Harrods wothin walking distance as well.  There is a cool bar on the first/basement floor and Reign night club directly across the street for late night shenanigans.  Rooms are a bit aged, but if you get a suite they are quite decent in size for London & especially Piccadilly.",Date of stay: November 2018,4.0
162,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or160-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Expensive,"The venue is located in the heart of London, 50 m from Piccadilly Circus. Check-in took for ages. The hotel is located in an old building and needs an overall update. The windows are not closing properly and let much too noise in from the outside. The bath tub needed replacement too.",Date of stay: May 2019,3.0
163,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or160-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Disappointing,"This was our first time in London and I was really looking forward to our stay at Le Meridien. What a disappointment this was. You couldn't even get a decent coffee in your room, there's only instant coffee, 2 packets. During our stay we did not feel welcome, staff was avoiding eye contact, even the doorman would greet you when he was in the mood for it or if you acknowledge him first. At the entrence to the hotel there's few guys hovering at all times, not sure if they're security but they're not a welcome sight.  Check in agent was polite and professional and she let us check in early which was great after a long flight from Canada. I was shocked to hear that she will put authorization on my card for 100GBP per day for incidentals plus our stay! When I protested she said that…",Date of stay: May 2019,2.0
164,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or160-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Grand old building but needs an update,"Not my normal go to hotel in London, but since I’m Bonvoy Platinum, I thought I’d give it a go.  Is in a grand old building in Piccadilly Circus, and has the old world charm. Lobby has the same feel.   The rooms unfortunately don’t have the same ambience - they are just old. Decent size for central London, but very dated. Bathrooms are tiny and not well lit - it’s incredibly difficult to see well enough to shave. Also a combined shower / bath as opposed to a proper shower.  Gym was really good - but is also a commercial gym so gets overrun by non hotel guests and trainers. But still - well beyond what I was expecting.  Breakfast - range wasn’t bad - actually better than average in the buffet. The a la carts menu also good food, just took forever to arrive.  The terrace is nice…",Date of stay: May 2019,3.0
165,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or165-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",A very different  lunch experience to our  last  visir,"We were there in Jan19 and the service was not good.  What a change in May !  Very prompt service. Excellent  food and wine.   Well going in the spring and summer. I understand  they  have  staffing issues in the early spring,!",Date of stay: May 2019,4.0
166,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or165-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",A Bit Disappointing,"I can’t say that I was very impressed with this hotel. While I enjoyed the location, which was within walking distance to many attractions, I wasn’t fond of the hotel experience itself.  Our room was very small, and had clearly seen better days. Additionally, there was no view whatsoever, we literally looked directly at another building...which was extremely close. So, we kept the curtains closed for privacy.   Perhaps, this was just based upon our room selection, but I wasn’t very impressed. The hotel could definitely use some sprucing up and a few new coats of paint.   ",Date of stay: October 2018,3.0
167,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or165-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Good Location Great Staff,Could not get room at Marriott so tried here as it’s now part of the brand. Great location for Piccadilly and Mayfair not so good for Walking to Oxford Street but Green Park Tube is close. Staff just friendly and nothing too much trouble. Rooms OK if a little small for the price. Food in room service very good. Fair on value for money.,Date of stay: May 2019,4.0
168,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or165-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Marriott disappointment,We are Marriott life time Platinum (now Titanium) members who have felt in the past we could count on the brand for a quality stay.  We arrived last week exhausted after a long flight from the US and were greeted by excellent staff.  The public area was beautiful and staff was professional and that in addition to the rate per night we were paying led us to believe we were in for old world elegance.  What a disappointment!  Marriott should be ashamed!  Seriously they took over this hotel 2 years ago and obviously slapped their name on it and did not do one thing.   We travel in Europe often so understand to expect a  bit less in size of rooms etc.  But this room was so small there was barely room to walk around the bed. There was a huge and disgusting stain at the bottom of the…,Date of stay: May 2019,1.0
169,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or165-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Should be much better!,"We had high hopes for this hotel and I will start off by saying I am not used to paying over £400 per night. However this was a family holiday and we wanted to be next to Piccadilly Circus.   There was no feeling of genuinely being welcomed, we may as well have been checking into a Premier Inn. No welcome drink, and nothing to make you feel excited to be staying in a premium 5 star hotel. Despite having checked in with the Bonvoy app in advance, our room wasn't ready and we were told to go wait for 30 mins to 1 hour whilst it was being inspected. No one asked for my phone number to call when it was ready and indeed no one called, they couldn't care a less. £40 a night or £400+ a night?!!  When we did make our way to our room despite asking for a high floor we were given a room…",Date of stay: April 2019,2.0
170,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or170-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Very bad,"This is an expensive hotel that has no justification for the price except loccation. Rooms with windows covered by paper? Carpets so dirty that you can see stinks even in dark brown. Bathroom not  leaned when you arrive  Stairs all over including inside the rooms - terrible for people with limitations. Food very poor too, although expensive. Not to repeat ever again.",Date of stay: May 2019,1.0
171,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or170-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",London trip,"Great location, near the palace, the tube, and Kingsly Court. The rooms are very comfortable,  beds firm and rooms clean. The staff were superb, kind and full of information.  Thanks to the bellhops, concierge,  Stella at the front desk and Veronica at the mezzanine. Be sure to join Bonvoy to get the upgrades.",Date of stay: April 2019,4.0
172,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or170-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely break in london ,"We were there for 3 nights during the Easter weekend. The welcome, amenities, customer service and rooms were all excellent.   The pool and steam room were an added bonus. The location of the hotel is superb at walking distance to most of central London’s sites and activities. ",Date of stay: April 2019,5.0
173,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or170-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Birthday bash ,Fantastic location in the West End of London Warm welcome from the staff. Stylish decorations Excellent service for a private birthday party Great food although there were external caterers. Lovely ambiance about the place ,Date of stay: April 2019,4.0
174,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or170-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Afternoon Tea - very bad service worst I’ve had check your change !! ,Five of us went for Afternoon Tea during Easter for the Peter Rabbit / Beatrix Potter theme.  In regards to photos to quality of cakes and theme this was good ! Nothing disappointed us with the food /chef or the quality it was however the staff and customer service jay was extremely poor and such a shame to ruin our experience.  When we arrived no place setting was set for one of us at our table we waited for 15 minutes until we asked could it be set as she didn’t even have a glass for water or napkin.  We had Hardly any space on the table for 3 sets of cake stands / and tea pots  which was very dangerous with the hot tea for us and the staff we should of been moved to a bigger table one even commented on how tight it was.   We had to ask 3 times for fresh hot tea and and had to…,Date of stay: April 2019,2.0
175,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or175-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",front desk is useless but room is good for it's size,"stayed here for 3 nights in London, front desk could not careless in helping you especially those who are in at night. as a 5 star hotel, I don't see the reason why don't have enough adapter least one per room especially guests are not really from the UK. The staff in their business centre is nice unlike those who are in the front desk.  room is old but spacious.   I'd still recommend if you are a tourist in London since the hotel is in front of numerous bus stops and a short walk to the underground but still do try finding another one!",Date of stay: April 2019,3.0
176,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or175-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Easter visit,"Very nice 3-nights stay in a cozy family room with two queen sized beds and a large bathroom with a bathtub. Breakfast was a nice buffet wit fresh fruit, juices and different choices of bread and cakes. If anything we could have wished for a bit more coffee, but the waitresses were rather busy. Best hotel we’ve stayed in in central London.",Date of stay: April 2019,4.0
177,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or175-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Will Located ,"I stay in this hotel during my visit to London for 3 nights it was great stay the hotel location is near the Piccadilly and attractions area where lots of shops Cafe and restaurant surrounding the hotel, rooms are spacious staff are friendly and cooperative, buffet breakfast is delicious.",Date of stay: April 2019,4.0
178,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or175-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Security at night really bad ,"I stayed at this hotel with family. Everything was fine but just on the last night, the security at the hotel entrance spoiled my whole experience. I just opened the door while going out in the night and by mistake pressed one wrong button. The security person almost shouted at me and looked at me in a way that he is going to eat me with his eyes. If that is the kind of levels at le Meridien, better to stay at other lower level hotels where the staff is more friendly. I don’t think I will come back to his hotel any more and will Not even recommend any of my friends to stay at this hotel as it was so embarrassing for me in this situation. Looks like a third class guest house service. ",Date of stay: April 2019,1.0
179,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or175-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Fantastic staff,"Just back from 4 nights in this great hotel, it maybe in the process of updating the rooms etc. However staff make it a 5 star experience. Always smiling always helpful always doing that little bit more to make you feel special.  Great team keep up the good work.",Date of stay: April 2019,5.0
180,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or180-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great stay with super location,"Stayed here for 3 nights with friends. The staff is very friendly and helpful.   The room was spacious and clean. The mattress is amazing. There is a nice fitness and swimming pool. We had breakfast and dinner in the terrace restaurant. I really enjoyed it.   The hotel is located in a very nice area. A lot of things are walkable. The concierge is very helpful and nice. George helped us with some nice recommendations.   The only thing is, our room was next to the street. Sometimes a lot of street noise also in the night. ",Date of stay: April 2019,5.0
181,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or180-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","For what I was looking for, this property is excellent...","Le Meridien is in a beautiful old building in a grand setting in Picadilly Circus.  I have stayed twice and loved both visits to London (out of four trips to London in the last 12 mos.).  I chose this for the area / convencience this time around.  It is near a lot of life, both shopping and after hours restaurants / bars.  It is steps away from the entrance to the Piccadilly line, which is really central and easy to get to many places you will want to go either on that line or by making one train change.  There have been some quirks with the keys in the elevators / rooms, but had to replace the keys once and all was good after that.  Like many hotels in London and comparable to NYC, the rooms are small but good enough.  You don't need the space, nor want to pay for it, in a…",Date of stay: April 2019,5.0
182,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or180-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Could have been better,"This hotel is an expensive hotel in a historic building.  I would put it on par with many NYC hotels.  The rooms are on the small side and it is not new and shiny.  It is in need of renovation though it was clean.  Heat was complicated to control.  Showers were complicated to control.  It did not have outlets easily accessible to charge things.  The key card system was AWFUL!  They kept telling us it was being replaced the next week, but that didn't help us especially considering to use the elevator you had to use your room key.   The executive lounge was nice and the location was excellent.",Date of stay: April 2019,3.0
183,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or180-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Room key didn't work, multiple times","I arrived at the hotel between 2:30 and 2:45 PM. I completely understand that check-in was at 3 PM, so if the room was not ready, that's fine and I was prepared to wait. (I was, however, staying for 6 nights at the hotel, so it would have been nice for them to have my room ready considering the length of stay. But whatever. 3 PM it is.)   I told the receptionist I would wait in the lobby until the room was ready. While sitting there, I saw other people check-in and get room keys. Okay, that's fine -- maybe they were getting a room type that was available. But almost every person that I saw get keys came back a few minutes later telling the receptionist that the key didn't work either in the elevator or in the room. At least 3 people came back downstairs saying their key wasn't…",Date of stay: April 2019,2.0
184,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or180-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent Hotel Experience within the Heart of London,"The location was absolutely perfect. At first we feared that it would be very noisy staying here but it really was not the case. Great Tube and bus connections nearby and all the tourist attraction well within reach.   Check-in was very efficient and we were even upgraded to a room located on the higher floor. It was a first experience staying in a room with 2 bathrooms, both of which were well stocked and size-able. Cleanliness was great and we were quickly responded to for whatever we needed.  Checked out the other facilities like the gym and pool and all were very well positioned although in the basement of the building. A real bummer I did not have my gym clothes.   The shining stay here would be its staff who were great throughout the stay. Always very obliging and helpful.…",Date of stay: April 2019,5.0
185,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or185-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Fantastic hotel, amazing staff!","I stayed at Le Meridien with my wife to celebrate our 10th year anniversary. Before get to the hotel I contacted Mrs Feroza, who prepared an unforgettable surprise for us! I can't thank enough the hotel, all staff, specially mrs Feroza, you all made a very special stay for us.",Date of stay: April 2019,5.0
186,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or185-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Absolutely fantastic! ,"With family and a few friends and stayed here for two nights, absolutely fantastic!   The service from GSM Feroza is brilliant, absolute 5-star. She looked after us so well and all her team at front desk somehow managed to know me by my surname, thank you!  We had upgraded suites, welcome gifts from GM, wonderful service from concierge. The breakfast is also lovely every morning.   We also used the pool, the gym, had a few drinks in the bar, everything is perfect!  The location is superb! Worth every penny you pay! We will be back!    ",Date of stay: April 2019,5.0
187,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or185-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Only focused on getting money...,"I experienced one of the most discriminating moments from a manager to their stuff that I have seen in my life... I personally work in hospitality, and to see such behaviour, where someone feels like has the right to tell people off in front of others, and the way it was done, I just can't take it... In another hand, hotel is clean and beds are comfortable, but I guess this is only a plus, when you go to a place, you don't only go for the physical comfort, because every hotel tries to give comfortable beds, but what makes a place special is the environment, the good energy around the place. I would suggest a change of management, I don't think those are manners to treat people, in my opinion... very disappointed!",Date of stay: January 2019,2.0
188,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or185-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, good hotel","We stayed here twice in January 2019, on the way to and back from the Caribbean for our honeymoon. Nothing can beat this hotel's location. The rooms are quite small and very dim. Small windows and not much lighting inside. The spa was less than average. The staff was great. The eclairs are so yummy! The team was kind to keep our baggage in storage between the two stays.",Date of stay: January 2019,4.0
189,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or185-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Happy to be back !,"I’ve been staying at Le Meridien Piccadilly for 6 weeks.  Its location is just perfect, downtown London, at a walkable distance from many famous parks, museums, shops, malls and places to visit.  The closest tube station (Piccadilly Circus) is a few meters away, and there are usually cabs waiting next to the hotel entrance. I’ve stayed in various areas of London in the past, and as far as I am concerned, it’s the best location I know to fully enjoy London.  Rooms are nice, rather spacious (for London standards) and with a British touch, of course. Beds are super comfortable. I had previously stayed at Le Meridien Piccadilly, so I knew what types of rooms I would prefer to have. Thus I contacted the hotel prior to my arrival, and was accommodated in a room matching with all the…",Date of stay: March 2019,5.0
190,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or190-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Perfect Bday week!,"Thank you so much for making my Bday so special with many surprises! The party @ the bar was amazing with the incredible magician Brendan and everyone went the extra mile! My favorite and dearest hotel people, thank you! Especially Stefan and everyone helping to make this a day to remember! My home away from home is always the best choice 😎😀❤️",Date of stay: March 2019,5.0
191,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or190-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Service Challenges but great location,"I'm a Platinum Marriott member so prefer Marriott/SPG properties and my office is just down the street from this property (with good corporate rates) which makes this an ideal location for my monthly trip to London.  I've given this location 3 chances with negative experiences each time.  Three strikes and your out. December trip - I was placed in a room on the 2nd floor directly across the room from the coat check room for a holiday party.  The entire night people were coming in and out of the hallway.  I had never been so close to that much activity.  I asked to change my room, but none was available until the next day.  I was then placed in a newly renovated room (you should ask for one) which was much better, so I decided to come back. January trip - I was upgraded to a…",Date of stay: March 2019,2.0
192,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or190-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Almost perfect,"All in all a great hotel. Let me list up the positives first: - Big rooms and King size bed - Great location - Very friendly and helpful staff - Beautiful architecture - Great breakfast buffet - In general a clean hotel - Very nice gym and pool  But a few things took away that perfect moment for us.  First of all the floor in our room was in VERY bad shape. Apparently they put a carpet over a lot of rotten and unusable floor. Over 50% of the floor was creaking loudly, and you could feel the uneven flooring as you walked around.  Also there was only a bathtub, and to stand in a bathtub to shower is not ideal. And last, it was a bit difficult to cool the room, as the ventilation was a bit noisy, and for some reason didn’t have that much effect.  But in general satisfied.",Date of stay: March 2019,4.0
193,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or190-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Disorganised Breakfast Service,"We stayed here for a one-night theatre trip. After some confusion at reception, we were sent to check in with the guest relations manager who was welcoming and ensured we had a bedroom which he said was an upgrade. The room was small but in good condition with modern decor and views onto Piccadilly. The room was fine for a one night stay. It was quite clean apart from a lot of dust behind the mirror which was visible.   We may have eaten dinner in the restaurant but it did not open early enough so we went elsewhere for dinner. We enjoyed some cocktails in the bar on our return.  Breakfast was a nightmare. No one to greet us when we arrived. The manager or supervisor seemed very stressed as did the staff. Long faces and few smiles.  There were some steps near to our table which…",Date of stay: January 2019,3.0
194,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or190-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",BTG London,"Hotel is in a great location and the service was great. The Concierge named Mark H did a great job with us! He recommended 5 restaurants made reservations, and every restaurant was 5 stars. I will definitely stay here again!",Date of stay: March 2019,5.0
195,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or195-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Amazing stay here!!,"I stayed here recently with My family and I had asked for one room with twin beds and one with a king bed and they made sure that we had the correct room types. The check in was effortless and smooth, the girl who checked us in was so lovely and accomodating.  the rooms were lovely and clean and I had a lovely note from the GM wishing us a good stay!   the staff were all so lovely, massive thank you to Tiphane for organising the rooms for us, and thank you to Silvana on Breakfast for her lovely service.   100% would recommend this hotel and we will be returning many times :)",Date of stay: March 2019,5.0
196,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or195-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, but rooms are noisy","Stayed for 3 nights from February 28 to March 3. Asked for a quiet room away from elevator at check-in and was given a room on the third floor facing inner court yard. For the first two days, we were woken up a few times, in the morning, and late afternoon naps, with loud sound of bottles clinking. Decided to ask for a room change for the last night. However, the room we were changed to was even worse! It has a door to an adjoining room where I could practically hear the entire conversation the person next door was having on the phone. And one the other side of the room, the occupants' conversation was loudly echoed through the thin bathroom wall. Also, this room was closer to the elevator and we could hear doors slamming through the late afternoon and morning. Did not have any…",Date of stay: March 2019,3.0
197,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or195-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Location good. Somewhat tired/dark. ,"On the pros: Location good. Right by Piccadilly tube and opposite a Tesco Metro. Can walk most anywhere from here.  Hotel has a good gym and pool. Far above average.  Mezzanine lounge is ok for snack and basic breakfast.  Rooms overall comfortable.  Check in staff friendly.  On the cons: Have stayed there easily 30 times and each time they ask if I’ve stayed before. I don’t believe anyone is tracking loyalty.  Rooms are a mix; Some really tired, tiny bathrooms. Some modernized and better.  Rooms facing Piccadilly can be noisy.  Most rooms are very dark.  Hotel bar and restaurant are almost always empty and lack atmosphere. But around the hotel are lots of dining and drinking options.  SPG Marriott merger now offers a lot more choice in London - previously this, the W and Park…",Date of stay: March 2019,3.0
198,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or195-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Amazing location!!!,"Travelled 1 adult and 3.1/2 year old son  Check in - great, staff very friendly and helpful. The hote is beautiful and the reception area is spectacular with revolving doors and floor to ceiling marble.   Room wasn’t ready, but we knew this would be the case as we got there at 10am. Our case was put in a safe place until later on in the day.   Bedroom - very clean, the bed was exceptionally comfortable. I ended up sharing a double bed with my son as I was worried that he was fall out of the twin bed (as originally book) they were very happy to oblige the room change. The rooms were spacious with a large wardrobe, TV, draws and a desk. All the coffee and tea making facilities available. Ours was an interconnecting room but felt safe with the locks that I had.   Bathroom - bath…",Date of stay: March 2019,5.0
199,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or195-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Very poor room,"I am Ambassador status on Marriott Bonvoy and having stayed in this hotel 30+ days last year, they have yet again stuck me in one of their very small, poorly outfitted rooms.  This hotel is very old and has many poor rooms.  The hotel also has a very poor reservation system that doesn’t connect well with Marriott.  This is the 6th time that I made my reservation with the correct number and the hotel seems to have no record.  Avoid this hotel in central London",Date of stay: February 2019,1.0
200,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or200-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",A Lovely Stay!,"We stayed at this hotel on Saturday night as we were in London to celebrate our 24-year wedding anniversary.   The staff were unbelievably warm and friendly, not least Nicola at check-in.  His professional and happy demeanour set us up for what turned out to be an overall wonderful stay! We had an external reservation for dinner but elected to have an early drink in The Terrace, where we were waited upon by Agnes and Mattia.  Having advised them that we were celebrating our 24 years together, they went out of their way to go the extra mile to ensure we received the best quality of care and service and all done with a happy smile. Thanks to Nicola, we were allocated a room overlooking Piccadilly, which was modern, clean and, I am unsure if this is the norm, but where a bottle of…",Date of stay: February 2019,4.0
201,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or200-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Afternoon Tea,"My wife and I came here for an afternoon tea. Something we like to do, we have been to a number in London and Surrey.   The room was nice, high glass ceilings. It was very much like a conservatory, spacious and welcoming.  We were met by a lovely lady (Manager I think) she took our coats and seated us, then asked us what we wanted. We went for the 29.00pp option with one glass of bubbly!   A new waitress then served us and brought the champagne.The food then arrived. Well presented with various options.   We had a number of dissapointing issues: 1) We had to prompt the waitress to choose our teas!  2) Once the tea arrived, We had to ask for cups to go with our tea! 3) Offered no water 4) Offered no sugar etc 5) Generally a lack of attentiveness from the waitress, but she seemed…",Date of stay: February 2019,3.0
202,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or200-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Overrated, terrible room and service",I prepaid for three nights as this was the only option made available. My flight was delayed a day but the Marriot and duty manager would not adjust the booking. When I arrived I was given a dungeon of a room that looked up at the HVAC system which was noisy all night. Our room with two beds were saggy twin beds you would expect at a motel. Despite asking for it to be corrected the staff again said this was a prepaid rate and room. I paid 750 pounds which was the going rate. Terrible! Shame on the hotel for negatively affecting my first trip with my daughter to Europe.,Date of stay: February 2019,1.0
203,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or200-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Unbelievably expensive, no lobby and mgmt just wants to take ur money","This was not a place I want to come over again.  The staff upon check-in told us that we can't have 3 ppl in one room when they saw we had 4 adults and 2 kids (both kids under 7) and we had booked 2 rooms. They wanted to have us but another room for kids since their policy didn't allow for more than 2 ppl (something about fire martial etc.). So we had some back and forth about why each kid can't stay in one of each rooms and they just wouldn't have it.  Ultimately, they said we can get into upgraded room by paint additional 150eur per night. Bear in mind, the mgr told us they didn't have any bigger rooms when I had mentioned I was a platinum but once a financial deal was reached, an upgraded room magically appeared. Oh, don't forget, the policy of not having 2 ppl also vanished.…",Date of stay: June 2018,2.0
204,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or200-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Very disappointing,I stayed with my fiance and only good thing is location.  The reception did not inform us about fire drill.When we heard the alarm really scared. Also the room was very small uncomfortable. The noise from the another rooms were disturbing we able to hear all conversation.   The only thing good about this place is in a good location.,Date of stay: January 2019,1.0
205,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or205-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely Hotel - Some Rooms Need Updating,"This is a lovely hotel in a vibrant bustling neighborhood.  The lobby and public areas are gorgeous.  I think the hotel is updating sone of the rooms which is good.  I was in a room that was very tired and needed an update.  The bathroom sink had layers of old caulk and the furniture was tired as well.  I was traveling solo on business so this did not matter as much to me but it may to others.  Especially regarding the per night price.  All that said, I would stay again for the convenience.  It is steps away from Piccadilly tube station.  Easy straight shot to/from Heathrow!",Date of stay: February 2019,4.0
206,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or205-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great location,Stayed overnight on a stopover from another trip.   If you want to see the famous London sifes this is a great place to stay.   The staff was very friendly and the room was nice.  You can take the Picadilly Circus line from Heathrow its a direct line and the exit is a minute away.    I would go back again anyday.,Date of stay: February 2019,5.0
207,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or205-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Fantastic!  Upgrade to the Club Level!,"The choices for hotels in London are overwhelming...with so many options.  My Wife & I were visiting London for the very first time, and had a hard time making our decision as where to stay.  In recent years we have started visiting various cities throughout Europe, and have always made reservations at hotels where they provide club levels.  We chose a king size room with club level privileges.  Our room (#621) was beyond large.  It was massive for London.  The bathroom might have not been the largest...but it was modern and clean!  The concierge was always eager to assist our needs for tours and restaurants.  The front desk was very happy and helpful at check in.  The ladies who were working the club level were beyond fantastic.  They were always attending our every need to…",Date of stay: February 2019,5.0
208,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or205-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Underwhelming,We stayed at Le Meridien as a last minute decision as we had Mamma Mia tickets and didn’t fancy travelling home late at night.   We checked in around 5.30pm and the person behind the desk was very charming. Although we are Marriott Bonvoy platinum elite members we sadly didn’t get the free upgrade offered “when available”. I actually don’t think I have every got the free upgrade in all the nights I have stayed so I wonder if this is really something that happens? We did get a welcome gift and lounge access however. The reception and lounge were well decorated and reminded me of the decor at County Hall - part of the same group now.   The room we were assigned was small but had everything we needed. We had a twin room with two single beds. The beds were comfortable and the room…,Date of stay: February 2019,3.0
209,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or205-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Great place to stay! Clean,Modern,Friendly","This hotel was a great place to stay. It was my first trip to London and my wife and I were celebrating my 50th birthday. It was clean, modern and very friendly. Right away the staff were great. They knew it was a special trip for us and they upgraded our room and had champagne waiting. It is within walking distance of many fun and interesting things to see(Buckingham Palace), do and eat(Fortnum & Mason). The hotel provided an excellent breakfast as well. We were very happy with this choice of hotel and should have\ could have stayed longer. We also took the Tube from the airport.  I wanted to see their subway system with all it's history. It was a strait shot from Heathrow to Piccadilly station. Virtually door to door. (Probably saved $100 too.)",Date of stay: October 2018,5.0
210,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or210-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent,"Fantastic hotel in the heart of London, few steps from Piccadilly circus and few minutes by walk from the most important London's attractions. I had a great room on the first floor, good size and comfortable bed. There is an amazing pool and SPA area, perfect after a long and cold day around the city. The staff is brilliant, from the doorman to the guy from the lounge and the Guest Relation Manager that check in us. All off them were really helpful and professional. I felt at home. A particular thanks to Stella for the great tips and the great service provided to me and to my family.   See you soon!",Date of stay: January 2019,5.0
211,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or210-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Pretty good,"We attended for my friends birthday and had a nice afternoon. We enjoyed the afternoon tea and liked the venue. Some of the staff were not trained to the highest quality of professionalism but the food was very nice. The scones were especially delicious, both the savoury and sweet! The free flow Prosecco in retrospect was not necessarily the best value but sometimes u do get drawn into “deals” where you would be better off paying for what u drink. I would in all recommend my friends to try this place. Good location and good food. We had a nice afternoon.",Date of stay: February 2019,4.0
212,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or210-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Sloppy service,"Visit this weekend with my wife and 1 year old. Being a frequent traveller I definitely know what to expect from a 5 star hotel.  As soon as we checked in and settled a little, we decided to order some dinner £16 for some pasta that was supposed to come with parmesan but that was not the case for this dry school dinner type of pasta, and when we asked for the parmesan cheese to be sent separately it came 30 minutes later by which time the pasta was cold and we didn’t enjoy it one bit. Not to mention the tired rooms and creaky floorboards if your child is sleeping in the same room as you be careful the creaks can get load and annoying.   The following morning around 9am we called in room dining for a spoon and some warm milk and we were shocked when we were asked to go and get it…",Date of stay: January 2019,1.0
213,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or210-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",overnight stay for theatre.,"spent one night here at the start of january,as part of a gift from our offspring.we had a club room overlooking Piccadilly,i think on the first floor.we were early on arrival,so the the young lady on reception suggested we waited in the club lounge and had a coffee and some nibbles,wich we did .our room when it was ready,was very very nice,with a great view ,and a lovely bathroom with a double walk in shower,and his and hers wash basins.it also has a fantastic gym ,and a nice swimming pool,and sauna.i noticed some reviews are a little negative,but for me 5 star.",Date of stay: January 2019,4.0
214,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or210-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely hotel and incredible gym,"Great location with everything nearby. Hotel was lovely; attractive, comfortable, spacious rooms, friendly staff (you will need to call down for toothpaste). Visited the main bar which was very chilled with a great variety of drinks and again friendly staff. The gym/fitness area was insane! I have honestly never been to a hotel with such fantastic equipment and in such quantities. Really impressive. The spa was a tad disappointing. A nice pool and a steam room but no jacuzzi or sauna. Still, highly recommend and will definitely be going back.",Date of stay: January 2019,4.0
215,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or215-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",The Heart of the West End!,"Best location, walking distance from the main sights. Very clean and chic decoration. Thanks to Ranesha and Lucia at Front Desk for the smooth check-in and check-out, and Cristian at Concierge for his recommendations. Special mention to Mattia at breakfast, who was very friendly and attentive.",Date of stay: January 2019,5.0
216,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or215-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Good hotel,"This was our first time staying in this hotel. Brilliant location, friendly staff and a great bar. We throughly enjoyed our stay.   We requested an early check in when booking, and sure enough when we arrived around midday, our room was ready  There was a very good selection for breakfast, the room in which we ate breakfast was lovely.  The only thing I could complain about was the rather slow checkin time. This was attributed to the fact we arrived at the same time as a bunch of other guests.  All in all I will use this hotel again when staying in London",Date of stay: January 2019,4.0
217,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or215-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Perfect Location close to everything,The hotel is in a very central location on Piccadilly with tube station right next to it so you can connect to anywhere in the city. Stayed here for 4 nights during new year and the experience was amazing. Check in was very smooth and the rooms were ready when we arrived at 11:30am. The people at the reception were very nice and helpful and any time we needed some information about the city they were there to help. Also the concierge and everybody in the hotel were very nice and helpful. The rooms are on the big size for London and very clean. The service and the location is what stands out in this hotel and will definitely stay here again when visiting the city.,Date of stay: December 2018,4.0
218,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or215-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Fairly average. I expected more,"I stayed in room 330 on Saturday 19th January 2019 for a trip to London to watch a theatre show. The hotel is very well located - it was a 2 min walk from Planet Hollywood restaurant and the Majesty's Theatre. It is a 1 min walk from Piccadilly Circus underground. No complaints about location at all.  The room itself was adequate. The best thing was the huge bed - this was very comfy, and for such a central hotel, it was very quiet. However, the bathroom was tiny, and actually quite dirty. The mirror was covered in something brown. It clearly had not been cleaned for some time. It was tricky to actually see yourself in it, thats how bad it was. The shower was over the bath - in such an expensive hotel, I might have expected a box shower.  The TV was awful. Terrible quality,…",Date of stay: January 2019,3.0
219,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or215-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, a few downsides","This is an amazing location for exploring London, almost everywhere you’d want to go is within easy reach.  It is not cheap, which I don’t have an issue with but there is one major flaw. The guest room we had is in need of renovation, but still clean and functional. The real issue is that all the rooms slammed shut when other guests were leaving/entering their rooms which makes a very loud bang.  This lead to us having very broken sleep (and we are not light sleepers).   Door closers that cushion the closing better are needed. This is a case of no one that works in the hotel, not actually staying and experiencing what it is like to be a guest.  With some investment, this could be one of the best hotels in London!",Date of stay: January 2019,3.0
220,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or220-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",A little tired. Perfect location,"As other reviews have said, this hotel is a bit 'tired'.  Location is perfect. Gym is decent.  Room was fine. Staff were helpful. Dark hallways. Wasn't very busy in early January which isn't too surprising. A good place to stay for a work or tourist visit. ",Date of stay: January 2019,4.0
221,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or220-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",very central,Lovely central hotel close to everything.  Several coffee shops close by so breakfast covered.  Not too thrilled with the dinner.  Staff were very helpful and the rooms were lovely. good walking distance to the palace and close to the underground.,Date of stay: August 2018,4.0
222,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or220-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Amazing location,"Stayed here for 3 days whilst transiting from Paris to Northern Scotland. We arrived and greeted by the lovely Matthias, who advised our room was not ready but he advised that another, which he favoured was ready. He too us up to the room and boy, it was lovely. Big room, big bed and big floor to ceiling windows looking over Regent street. We took the room and we were not disappointed at all. The hotel is a very short walk to Piccadilly Circus and about 5 minutes to Trafalgar Square. I would like to say thank you to Matthias who made our stay pleasurable always had a minute to chat with us.",Date of stay: January 2019,5.0
223,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or220-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Very poor lunchtime service,"We have eaten here before and it was lovely. A good value lunch deal. Lovely presentation and very tasty.  The restaurant was not at all busy. We had to wait over 30 mins for our starters, despite repeatedly asking when they would arrive. The female waitresses spoke very little English so communication was difficult. The maitre d  who escorted us to our table only intervened after us asking several times where our starter was.  Both the waitresses and the maitre d seemed to make out that the delay was some how our fault  which  was not the case  The main dishes  arrived very promptly. The food was fine but did not have the extra look or taste of the previous lunch.  We asked for the service charge to be removed  from the bill  which happened. An offer by the maitre d to say have…",Date of stay: January 2019,2.0
224,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or220-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Terrible After Sales,I stayed in the hotel for a day in December and for over 15 days have been calling and mailing to get my invoices. The operator keeps transferring the phone to the finance department and no one in the finance department is interested in answering the calls. The phone keeps ringing but no one bothers to respond. Till date i have not received a single revert on my mails either. The hotel is terrible at after sales.,Date of stay: December 2018,1.0
225,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or225-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",afternoon tea,"I had arranged to meet a business colleague for afternoon coffee / tea at the Terrace at Le Meridian.  We both decided the full afternoon tea was a bit too much (it was 5.45) so we asked for a snack and some tea. We both asked for Lapsang Souchong, but were told that they didn't have it!. I have been to many, many establishments who do afternoon tea and never come across anywhere that does not have it as part of their normal range. the snack was ok (fish platter) but it was spoiled by not having what I wanted. My dismay was further increased when the Earl Grey I ordered came as a teabag in a pot. I am perhaps old fashioned but I really expect loose tea and a strainer as well as more hot water from a hotel that has a lot of airs and graces (Le Meridian has quite a few). it was my…",Date of stay: January 2019,2.0
226,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or225-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Second visit to this hotel for New Years!,This is the second time we have stayed at this hotel during New Years.  I really love this hotel and the location.  The staff is always attentive and our room was one of the best in the hotel with a view of the London Eye!  The food is tasty.  The club lounge is lovely.  The gym has everything you need and a lot of space so you do not feel over crowded.  The room was very clean and we took advantage of the Green Initiative.  We will stay here again on our next visit to London.,Date of stay: January 2019,5.0
227,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or225-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Needs a renovation,"We stayed here due to the superb location to everything in the city. Pictures don't really showcase the property accurately. The property's public spaces look decent, but the rooms are very outdated/old. You can tell from the case goods and the bathroom fixtures the property has not been renovated in a long time. We had 2 rooms and both had some water issues using the toilet, while the sink's water comes out way too strong. There also was a lack of amenities in our rooms compared to other Le Meridiens we've stayed in (less towels, no lotion, etc.) Front desk was pleasant. We visited the bar downstairs one of the days for happy hour. It take too long for drinks to be made, and the servers are disengaged.",Date of stay: September 2018,3.0
228,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or225-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Good front desk service but that's all,"Just checked in today and I'm already disappointed with selecting the Le Meridien.  For the money and 5 star classification I expected more.  The room is nothing special and frankly looks more closer to a 3 star.  Some of the things I noticed is the noise level, carpet is a bit dingy, you can see the lines on the wall that appear to be wallpaper that was painted over and only a nightstand size dresser that also doubles as the tv stand.  There is a view of a wall and the top of the restaurant.  I'm here for the next few days so well make the best of it but would not recommend in this condition for the money and wouldn't come back unless the place was renovated.",Date of stay: January 2019,3.0
229,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or225-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",We thoroughly enjoyed this hotel,You simply cannot beat the central location of this place. It's right in the heart of Piccadilly. Walking out the front door you're straight into the vibrant throng that is our lovely capital city.  All the staff we encountered were very friendly and helpful  Room was large and had everything you could possibly need as a family.   We ate in the Terrace for breakfast and also for dinner in the evening. It's a lovely setting and quite atmospheric. Breakfast was a little chaotic at times with many items running out and tables taking a while to be turned around for further guests. It's a common problem with all guests wanting breakfast at the same time especially at weekends. Our waitresses were lovely though.   The hotel has a well equipped gym and the swimming pool was a real…,Date of stay: December 2018,4.0
230,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or230-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Very disappointing stay,"As a SPG platinum member, I thought I will be taking good care in Le Meridien hotel. However in this LM hotel, I don’t think so. I stayed here for 5 nights for my honeymoon. There were 3 fire alarm shouted at 3 mornings around 6:45am and 7:45am. The first time was caused by the toasting machine in the tiny club lounge (the smallest size of club lounge I have ever seen in SPG chain). Then the second time of fire alarm was the same reason!! How come a 5-stars hotel let the same issue happened twice within 2 days? And I called to ask the manager don’t let this happened again and she said she can’t guarantee anything and the reason is classified! Oh well. The last fire alarm shouted at the morning on my check out day. I was really angry and I walked to lobby and asked a male staff.…",Date of stay: December 2018,2.0
231,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or230-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Tremendous Hotel- Luna at front desk was awesome ,What an incredible hotel in the heart of London. Newly renovated kept the integrity of the original building but complimented it with modern accent. Luna at the front desk was particularly helpful and friendly!,Date of stay: December 2018,5.0
232,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or230-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Awful service,"We arrived to check in, the desk clerk was not very welcoming. We had prior communication with hotel manager informing it was our first time at the hotel and was informed we'd be well looked after and that he'd personally take care of it.  When we got in the room, there was a strange smell, no bath tub, and the shower was not very clean. The room was very basic for a 'suite' but we did not grumble. We then wanted to play some music whilst unpacking so we called reception. In the meantime our bags were brought up and the guy told us not to bother reception because they were busy. He stood there yelling at my partner (who was still on the phone trying reception) that they'd not pick up and we should go downstairs to speak to them! Finally after a few attempts we managed to get…",Date of stay: December 2018,1.0
233,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or230-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Now our hotel of choice.,"In the past we have always stayed at the Grosvenor Sq. Marriott, but having discovered this hotel we will stay here in future. The location for shopping or the theatres is ideal. A few yards from a tube station. Last time we stayed in a hotel overlooking Picadilly the traffic noise was terrible, here we didn’t hear a thing. The room, a club room, was large and well appointed. The shower took a bit of working out, and I have never had to fill a bath using a shower before, but it was fine. The club room was very nice. We were lucky on our first night as a choir came in to sing carols. Of an evening there is food and alcohol provided. You can also have breakfast here. Now the breakfast is not the most extensive one I have had in a lounge but we found it adequate. If you want a more…",Date of stay: December 2018,4.0
234,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or230-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Very disappointing,I took my friend to Le Meridien this week for afternoon tea and to say I was disappointed is an understatement!   Firstly there was no atmosphere at all - it certainly did not look or feel festive in the restaurant. The food was very average.  When it was first brought to the table we asked if we could order more sandwiches if we wanted them - No was the answer ( we have never been told this before). We had our hot drinks and were not offered any more throughout the afternoon.  The only  positive comment I have is that the Prosecco was free flowing - the waitress did keep our glasses filled. Over the years we have been to many hotels in London for afternoon tea and enjoy trying different ones. At Christmas it is usually such a lovely experience - Le Meridien was by far the worst…,Date of stay: December 2018,1.0
235,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or235-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Can't imagine better a location,"Stayed at this property in early November for a quick visit to see an Arsenal vs. Liverpool match. I'd have no problem at all staying at this hotel again. While the rooms are large, they are basic and nothing exceptional but so many other factors influenced my excellent stay.  1) Location is supreme. Steps from the Piccadilly Blue Line that comes straight from Heathrow. It is also located near Regent Street and its shops and cafes. The chic Mayfair area is also right there.  2) Staff and Service was top notch. Everyone was so friendly and courteous. Every request was handled with class and efficiency  3) Club level: If you are an Elite Marriott member, you are in for a treat. If you are not, I would recommend paying extra for this upgrade. It's a game changer with their…",Date of stay: November 2018,4.0
236,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or235-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Always a good choice,The location is fantantastic.  Very convenient to transportation options.  The hotel is older and can be pricey but the convenience is worth it.  Staff are always helpful.  In room dining is good.  The breakfast in the restaurant is pricey.,Date of stay: August 2018,4.0
237,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or235-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Afternoon Tea - such a disappointment,"Visited the Terrace at Le Meridien for the first time last weekend for afternoon tea with friends. Great location, just a stone's throw from Piccadilly Circus. No complaints about the food itself, but it was served on a chrome cake stand with plain white china and a small, very utilitarian teapot, no frills.  They did not have the Moroccan tea blend I chose from the menu so I opted for a green tea - so glad I did because the milk on the table must have been there for a long time as it had left a dried ring around the miniature milk bottle. When we requested more tea we were given hot water for our tea pots rather than a new pot. This happened twice so our tea became very weak. Our 'free flowing Prosecco' was definitely not that. Staff seemed to come around at set intervals to…",Date of stay: December 2018,1.0
238,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or235-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Top location, but needs refurbishment","Excellent location just across Picadilly Circus. We booked a club room. Waiting time at reception approx. 30 minutes, only 1 agent on duty. Club roomn was large. Some stains on the carpet. Bathroom quite small and you note that there was nothing done in the last years to keep this up-to-date. Afternoon tea in the Club Lounge was ok, nothing special. Breakfast the same, quite basic. For the rate we paid we could have received much better quality, however not so centrally located-",Date of stay: December 2018,3.0
239,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or235-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Good service and location,"Rooms would need a renovation, but service is superb. Executive lounge is on of the best ones in London, offering an early evening snack and drinks.  Location next to Piccadilly works well for visitors",Date of stay: January 2018,4.0
240,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or240-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Friendly staff,The location of this store is amazing. In the middle of piccadely street. Shopping area where all the stores are available walking distance. Hamleys as well :). The spa and poor were really nice. The hotel deals with an external spa staff so you have to book earlier but they are really doing good massage. I will go again fo sure :),Date of stay: October 2018,4.0
241,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or240-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Dinner ,A bit of a favourite as we always tend to receive excellent service and food in the Terrace Restaurant. When we were last in the restaurant was reasonably full and the staff nicely attentive but not overly so. We'll be back.,Date of stay: December 2018,4.0
242,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or240-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Such an amazing birthday party,Mattia was a our server for the entire night and he made our evening one of a kind. We were 10 guests and I didn't know any of the guests aside from the birthday girl and he made us all welcome and got everyone involved and made my night and also my friends birthday. He was very charming and very funny and kept that prosecco topped up all night.   Here is to a wonderful night and a fantastic venue.   Thank you so much  Xx,Date of stay: December 2018,5.0
243,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or240-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Very old hotel with just regular service. Location it’s perfect.,"We have just spent 4 nights at the Meridien  Picadilly. Unfortunately our experience was not good at all . We had book two Double De Luxe rooms . It took over 25 min to get our rooms assigned while the reservation was made 3 months in advance.  They gave 902 and 912 . I immediately complained that one of the rooms had what it’s so call a Queen bed and very small room . The bed was not even 1,35 com width . And there was no space to open the baggage . After a long discussion at reception they did not offer anything else than to change the room the next day. We where then moved to 336 and 338 . At this time 336 was on in size but again my daughters room had a very small bed. The rooms have not been renovated in ages and basic things like shower or toilet flush do not properly…",Date of stay: December 2018,2.0
244,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or240-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",The worst SPG hotel ,"It is stated this hotel is category 7 but I won’t rate it above 3.  Staff watches us unload and bring in 8 luggage but didn’t help.  Our 3 rooms are so small, old and beds are very uncomfortable.  The noise from the small street at the back kept you wake from 5am due to deliveries. Breakfast is terrible too so we went out every morning.    The only thing good about this place is in a good location.",Date of stay: November 2018,1.0
245,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or245-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",My favourite hotel in London - on business and for pleasure,"Nothing beats the location if you visit London. Whether it's for business meetings in the Mayfair area, or for pleasure enjoying the buzz of this city. This is my and my husbands second home from home and responsible for this feeling is a large number of absolutely great staff, who are always going the extra mile.  You can argue, that some rooms need to be refurbished and that the windows are not opening properly, etc. As long as the treatment from bell boy, to concierge, to front desk and lounge crew keeps this amazing, this is way more worth then anything else. Especially Stefan, Tiphaine, Dale, Mark, Spencer and apologies for those that did not get named individually. Please keep up your fantastic attitude! Apart from the staff, we also love the lounge. Food is delicious and…",Date of stay: November 2018,5.0
246,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or245-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Fantastic location in the heart of London ,"This hotel has a fantastic location, a classy modern interior, good sized rooms , a comfy king bed , a great terrace bar and you can walk to the theatre district shows from here in ten mins .. highly recommended ",Date of stay: November 2018,5.0
247,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or245-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Good location but needs renovations ,"Location is good, although if you're looking for a quiet place this is not the hotel for you. My room was quiet but once you step out of the door, you're in a crowd always. Very easy to reach from Heathrow on the Piccadilly line. Check in was ok. Hallway carpets need to be changed, looking old. Room was quite small, especially the bathroom. The windows were high up so no view of Regent St unless you climbed on the chairs. Toiletries were nice and shower had good water pressure. Hotel was clean, with good housekeeping service. Two free bottles of water everyday, free wifi in room. Minibar, safe, coffee/tea, slippers and robes available in room. I think it's time for a reno- hotel is looking old and tired. Will return, though. ",Date of stay: November 2018,4.0
248,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or245-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Location, Pool, and Club Floor Lounge","I have stayed at the Le Meridean Piccadilly a few times and it’s still a winner. The best thing about the hotel is the location which is just a short walk to Leicester Square which is full of street performers, restaurants, film and playhouses. There is a very large pool and sauna which is refreshing after a long flight. The Club Floor lounge had free flowing beer, wine, and small plates at Happy Hour. The only negative which many have mentioned, is a lot of the rooms are very dated. I would stay again at the Le Meridien Piccadilly.",Date of stay: October 2018,4.0
249,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or245-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Pleasant stay,"After a long day, we stayed in this hotel and had dinner in the restaurant it was a wonderful meal, high class service, the room was very clean, very comfortable bed, we will definitely visit again soon!",Date of stay: November 2018,5.0
250,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or250-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Good hotel conveniently located ,I chose the hotel based on location and being part of the Marriott group.  The room was comfortable and quiet if a little quirky.  There was plenty of room for one and would have been fine for two if dining in the room was not a priority and let’s face it if you are staying in Soho you should not be intending on dining in the hotel room unless you are super warn out from a long flight or a big day of enjoying the town.  Conveniently located to the Piccadilly line (Piccadilly Circus) and the Jubilee line (Green Park) getting around London was not a problem.  It was also convenient to the Rapha Soho Store and Clubhouse which meant I could indulge my passion of riding while I was there across the weekend.  Also it was perfect to take in a show.  As I stayed 4 nights I found the…,Date of stay: November 2018,4.0
251,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or250-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great Location but this Hotel is in Serious Need of a Refurbishment,"I used to stay here but have switched to other hotels in London.  So thought I would give it another chance.  The hotel still has a fantastic location - it is very convenient for shopping, sightseeing and so on.  But there are so many things which need upgrading in this hotel.  It reminds one of the Park Lane Sheraton which became tired and jaded but with the extensive refurbishment which was undertaken, is now top class.  The room which we had was just jaded.  Very poor lighting.  The strangest shaped room imaginable with a platform stage type structure in one corner to which one climbed up!  There was no lighting on one side of the bed so we had to ask for lighting.  The bathroom was 1980s at best or 1970s at worst.  There was one fixed shower head and nothing else.  The…",Date of stay: November 2018,2.0
252,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or250-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, nice hotel","Received excellent customer service starting with check in. Excellent service and comfortable family rooms (I booked a suite and a double room). Unbeatable location, right in the heart of Piccadilly Circus. Our experience was extremely positive and we would highly recommend this hotel,",Date of stay: November 2018,4.0
253,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or250-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Convenient location,Location is the best feature of this hotel. It is 100 yards from Picadilly Circus within walking distance to most major tourists sights. The hotel itself is an old building with leaky windows and lots of street noise. We booked our room with Starwood points and were given a tiny room with three steps up to the tiny bathroom. After I complained we were given a nicer room with a reasonable bathroom with no steps. Breakfast was very nice with good selections. Dinner was tasty but had limited selections. Service was slow and it seemed like there were not enough servers. Staff at reception were very helpful. The location of this hotel outweighs all the negatives.,Date of stay: October 2018,3.0
254,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or250-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",EXCELLENT STAFF AND LOCATION,My wife and I suffer from some mobility problems and this hotel was perfect for us. The location on Piccadilly near to some major stores meant we could enjoy our stay without constantly needing taxis. The support from all the staff made the whole stay a pleasure.,Date of stay: October 2018,4.0
255,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or255-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Breakfast at the restaurant,"I had breakfast with a few friends on the Terrace. The buffet was packed with various types of food i.e. hot bar (eggs, bacon and such) pastries, fresh fruit. Our waitress Lilya was very attentive and helpful.  We enjoyed our meal greatly.",Date of stay: November 2018,5.0
256,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or255-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Perfect location near Piccadilly,"Location, location and location Walking out of the front door: - 2min to the left: Piccadilly underground station - 2min across the street: Fortnam and Mason, can spend hours shopping there easily - 2min to the right, arcade with Laduree at the entrance: indulge with those macaroons! - 5min back from front door: you are on Regent Street!  Service is friendly Club lounge is decent, nothing fancy Room standard, clean  Stay here is you want the convenience. Lots of cafes just along the street right outside the hotel  ",Date of stay: September 2018,5.0
257,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or255-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great location and comfortable room,"To my surprise, the room is big and quiet at night given the hotel is in a prime location. We have plenty of space for twin beds and suitcases. The location is just perfect for shopping at Regents Street, good food at Chinatown, visit to National Gallery... Piccadilly Cirus station is just around the corner. Just to note the station is not step free.",Date of stay: November 2018,5.0
258,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or255-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Not impressed,Stayed here for a night. But never again. We arrived at 3 for our check in to be told the room wasn’t ready. And that the pool and spa was under maintenance. We booked our room in November and there was no mention of this when we booked. And as it was out of action for a month they had plenty of prior knowledge so we was given a “upgrade” more like a complete downgrade. For this room we had to wait over 2 hours to have our key. We finally got into our room at 5:40pm and we had to be at the Albert Hall by 6:30pm which then made us rush and not able to relax and eat before our show. Ended up eating a McDonald’s at 11pm because of this. The room had absolutely no view apart and we was put in a room with the hotels  aircon ducts right out the room by the window. Hence the noise from…,Date of stay: January 2018,1.0
259,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or255-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Needs a Major Remodel,"I just finished a three day stay at Le Meridien, my third stay at this hotel brand in four months. The brand is looking tired and dated, Marriott please bring the standard back up to its previous level. But, this location was a time warp back to the 80’s! And not the fun part of the 80’s, that confusing part that still looked like the 70’s!   Everything looks worn from the check-in, to the elevators, which are a nightmare four times it wouldn't read my room key. The hallways to the rooms. This place is literally worn out!   The saving grace is the staff who work hard and are extremely friendly.    Also, be sure to check your bill. I was staying with points and was charged over $1000 USD upon check-in. They are having computer issues since the merger between Marriott and…",Date of stay: October 2018,2.0
260,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or260-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great facilities and friendly staff,"We stayed here with our 16 year old grandson in a junior suite. The bed was very comfortable and the sofa bed was a good size (our grandson is 6' tall). The suite was very spacious, with a large bathroom and a separate study area with pleanty of sockets and usb ports. The decor was a little tired and the windows didn't fit particularly well, but it was well appointed. Because we had a suite, we had access to the Club Lounge, which is an excellent facility - we were able to enjoy afternoon tea and pre-dinner appetisers. We used the basement cocktail bar one evening, and that was very nice, although expensive. Our continental breakfast was also in the Club Lounge, and there was plenty of choice for us. The hotel is extremely conveniently situated near Picadilly tube station and…",Date of stay: August 2018,5.0
261,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or260-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Great Location, the rest of it is Typically English","I stayed with my husband at Le Meridien for one night. We were doing a business/pleasure trip. His partner suggested LM, as the location is unbeatable, value for money ratio seemed to be acceptable, and I am a Ritz Carlton Rewards member so I thought this may be nice for free wifi or some extras.  We arrived at the hotel after 2pm on a cold and rainy day. Check in was quite busy. The lobby area is beautiful. Our room was not ready, nor also the businessperson checking in just ahead of us, I noticed. My husband had a conference call set up for 3:30pm so he was a bit nervous about this, but it was ok, we went upstairs to the restaurant and had a cup of tea and some cookies. We were not hungry, we only wanted to check in to the room. The lady at reception informed us that she would…",Date of stay: October 2018,3.0
262,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or260-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Overall just not good at all!!!,"Overall unpleasant and not very helpful staff - was sat in the bar for a few hours drining wine and not ONCE did any waiter come up and ask if we waited another glass or anything else. And by the end of it we had both had over six glasses each and we had to really wave our hands for any type of service! Could of definitely died of thirst in that bar that's for sure!  The room we got was one of the suites and our view from the windows were straight into another wall and ac units. That also meant the room was very dark all day long which was very depressing.   Likewise, the whole room needs a PROPER update. Seriously dated furniture all over and the bath has a curtain?! I mean, what year is this? I'm also myself 6.1 and couldn't stand straight whilst having a shower as my head…",Date of stay: September 2018,1.0
263,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or260-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Kindness and hospitality,"I am a regular customer at the Meridien Piccadilly. I've always enjoyed staying here for work and have found the staff to by pleasant. This past week I was having a particularly challenged day due to illness, an injury and a long day of work. At the end of the day I went to the bar where I was not able to get a glass of wine after 15 minutes (very unusual) so after getting my room keys reactivated, I went to my room. About ten minutes later there was a knock at my door. When I opened the door, I was greeted by a hotel employee carrying a bottle of wine with a note from Ryan Fenech in guest relations.   Ryan noticed my fatigued mindset and made the effort to improve my day. And he did! Thanks, Ryan, for noticing me and for the kind gesture. I won't forget it.",Date of stay: October 2018,5.0
264,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or260-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely hotel in Piccadilly,"Lovely hotel in Piccadilly, perfectly located for exploring the city. Lovely clean rooms and communal areas. Quiet at night and super comfy beds, very helpful friendly staff. Definitely recommend to others.",Date of stay: October 2018,5.0
265,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or265-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",great location and best stay in London ....,"Le Meridien Hotel Piccadilly is always my choice of hotel when staying in London. The location is great right on Piccadilly Circus next to Piccadilly tube station. Across the road is Fortnum & Mason and a 5 minute walk away is the Ritz Hotel next to Green Park, which you can walk through to Buckingham Palace. In the opposite direction its a few minutes walk to Leicester Square, Soho and down to Trafalgar Square.  The hotel itself is quite an impressive building with its Regency-era facade, equally impressive is the entrance foyer with its stained glass triple domed ceiling. The rooms are comfortable (and i’ve stayed in quite a few different ones over the years!), they are spread over 9 floors each with its own London character, a mix of historic decor with a modern twist. The…",Date of stay: October 2018,5.0
266,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or265-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Brilliant location!,"Absolutely loved the hotel from check in to check out! We had access to the complimentary breakfast & evening drinks/appetizers, which was a huge bonus. Can't say enough about the staff in this area - they were so friendly & provided EXCELLENT service.",Date of stay: September 2018,5.0
267,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or265-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Another five star stay with a great customer expereince,"We have stayed at Le Meridien Piccadilly on a number of occasions over the years. Here's why!  On this trip, as always, we were recognized and greeted right from the hotel entrance ... with the doormen / concierge staff ... through check-in, timely delivery of our bags to our room ... a lovely well furnished room ... and attentive staff attuned to our needs. The hotel is right in the middle of London ... a calm oasis ... easy walking distance to restaurants, theaters, museums, shopping, ++ and many of the tourist sites / exhibits. The club lounge provides an excellent continental breakfast and several ""snacks"" throughout the day if you so desire.  Special thanks and commendations to ... Paul Whittle head of the concierge team and duty managers Barbara Ravera and Sarah Frink ...…",Date of stay: September 2018,5.0
268,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or265-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent,"From the moment you arrive in this oasis of calm and comfort in central London you know you have made the right choice for somewhere special to stay. Lovely staff, beautiful comfortable rooms, excellent facilities from the gym to the restaurants. Definitely worth a return visit.",Date of stay: September 2018,5.0
269,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or265-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",WORST EXPERIENCE IN A 5 STAR,"probably the worst experience i have ever had in a 5 star property. LE Meridien belongs to SPG, who owns most of the hotels on the planet.  Shame on the group!!! THey probably pool their assets into the Ritz Carlton group...This property is run down where ever you look, pieces of marble missing in the bathroom. everywhere you look something is chipped. the carpets in the rooms are very smelly, dirty and filthy. They should have been replaced 5 years ago. truly disgusting. I paid ca. 400 Pounds per night. the staff was helpful as much as they could but they can't renovate the rooms. I had to stay one night in a twin roon, never booked, the second and third night I stayed in a double room with a modernized bathroom, but still the filthy floors and the view out of the window showed…",Date of stay: October 2018,1.0
270,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or270-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",2 years of loyal custom and another wonderful stay!,"I am halfway through my fifth stay at Le Meridien Piccadilly since September 2016 and have had another wonderful stay! Upon check in, my Platinum status was recognized and led to an upgrade to an Executive Suite. Luna at the front desk was most hospitable! The Club Lounge remains a grand oasis of calm and personalized service. I'd like to extend my personal thanks to the following staff: Stefan, Luna, Donatas, Elena, and Veronica. In their respective ways, they made my staff both comfortable and truly memorable. I look forward to my next visit and staying at my home away from home!",Date of stay: October 2018,5.0
271,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or270-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Champagne and taste,"I love the place, I can go to my friend Jamie Italian, buy some sake at the Japan center.   Most convenient, and classy.  We had gorgeous tastings there with Glass of bubbly magazine.  Vive le champagne. #champagne",Date of stay: October 2018,5.0
272,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or270-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great stay and well looked after,"Lovely quality hotel with great service, room was very big, clean and well kitted out.  Food in the terrace restaurant and cub lounge very good.  Love the changing food and drink options throughout the day in the club lounge.  ",Date of stay: October 2018,4.0
273,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or270-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Wonderful,"Our 4th visit this time brought our daughters of which 1 was her birthday wonderful staff arranged balloons processco cakes in her room what a lovely kind treat.the hotel, staff, location is excellent.clean rooms and staff are so helpful thank you  Le meridian we shall be back.",Date of stay: October 2018,5.0
274,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or270-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Afternoon tea,"We had a fantastic tea at Le Meridien. Agnes was our waitress snd she couldn’t be more helpful or sweet. She was so accommodating and had a fantastic personality. It was my first trip to London, as well as my daughters. She was determined to have “proper” tea. It was plenty of food and we elected to do the “free flowing” Prosecco. The atmosphere was great and I would highly recommend!!",Date of stay: October 2018,5.0
275,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or275-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Perfect location and excellent staff,The staff at this hotel is excellent. They accommodated our every need and are very well informed about the area and made accurate suggestions for our activities. We especially appreciated the concierge and their expertise.,Date of stay: October 2018,5.0
276,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or275-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",THE place to stay in London!,"Located at Piccadilly Circus, Le Meridien Piccadilly is has the best site of any of the luxury hotels.  It sits at ground zero for walking to West End theaters, Harrods, Trafalgar Square, museums, restaurants, etc.  The level of luxury is outstanding. Add to that the warm hospitality and attentiveness provided by Head Concierge Paul Whittle and his colleagues, and we've found it to be the premier hotel in London.",Date of stay: September 2018,5.0
277,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or275-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Please do works - urgent. ,"I was there for business.  4 nights.  Rooms are so old and not clean.  No heater and I was cold ! A/C with summer mode but London was cold these days.  Can’t imagine is exists in 2018, in London ! Staff tried to do their best but the building needs works (big) and rooms to be cleaned, with new furnitures... please! Same for breakfast, please look around and select better food.  Cédric.  ",Date of stay: September 2018,1.0
278,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or275-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Fantastic stay,"The hotel is centrally located . The location is absolutely fantastic close all the main attractions in central London . Great rooms Fantastic staff and service , one of the better luxury hotels around .",Date of stay: July 2018,5.0
279,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or275-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Nice and friendly as always ,I love this hotel Ive been to London 7 times and I always stay there in the heart of everything. Staff is super amazing at the concierge as well as front desk. Rooms is also ok for London’s hotels.  One thing:  some of the front desk asked me to wait for like 15 minutes and she was just smiling and chatting with a random handsome guy but her fame and apology immediately without me even complaining.  ,Date of stay: September 2018,4.0
280,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or280-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Meeting ,Pleasant environment.  Staff helpful.  I attended a brief meeting in this hotel 1:1 and the sights are amazing and the room was quiet enough to have a good discussion.  However prices even for London shocked me. I ordered a small cappuccino which was small and it was over £6.  Had I walked to costa I would have got double the volume for half the price so on this point only I’d not return but hotel itself very nice. ,Date of stay: October 2018,3.0
281,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or280-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Right in the Centre!,"30 seconds away from Piccadilly Circus. Made to feel at home, Easy to check in, but find your own way to room. As a birthday celebration various extras were just there, not ordered specially. Great room .overlooking main road but well soundproofed. Good bed and room, very interesting historical wallpaper. Food was excellent and service was superb. Nothing too much trouble.",Date of stay: February 2018,5.0
282,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or280-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great Location with a very poor service,"Apart from the concierge desk, the service levels at this hotel were disappointing to say the least. As amazing as the ambience at Terrace is, that poor the customer service and delivery times are. It reached a stage that we did not receive a simple order of eggs for over 45 mins and had to leave for a tour without having breakfast (for which we were given a refund).  I would suggest that if you intend to spend any time at the hotel, please avoid. To be out and about, its a great location to be in but don't expect much from the quality of fittings and furniture in the room.",Date of stay: August 2018,1.0
283,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or280-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Not happy jan,Have stayed twice at this hotel - first room was very large but seemed subterranean and only had one small window - any natural light was blocked out by pipes and air conditioner units / corridor was dark and gloomy and hadn’t been painted for years I thought / second stay had a better room on 6 th floor - had natural light and a bit of a view - but was small and recharging outlets were to few and badly located - had a terrible time  on arrival at reception / a guest before me was complaining because his booking had been cancelled - reception was badly understaffed and seemed chaotic - this wasn’t always the case though - security staff way way too “ present “ and almost intimidating - hotel is expensive for what you get - room decor is old and tired and certainly not worth the…,Date of stay: September 2018,2.0
284,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or280-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Very Poor Service ,"So, generally the hotel had poor service; from check in to the restaurant . We did try to contact the F&B manager but didn’t get a response, so we will publish our email to him on Trip Advisor   Hello Mr Deboudt  We feel you should be aware of the very poor service that we received in your dining room this morning. My wife and I went to your breakfast at around 9.15 am. We were greeted by a hostess who was anything but welcoming. We were showed to a table and we told the hostess we would like to order off the ala-carte menu. A server came by and asked if we wanted coffee. She came back and poured us each a cup of lukewarm coffee. We asked for milk and menus. She came back with menus but no milk. We then waited around 10 min and she basically ignored us. I went up to the buffet…",Date of stay: September 2018,1.0
285,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or285-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Amazing Terrace!,"I was in a Terrace and I was drinking a glass of wine. I have never been there before  I really enjoyed  I was been looking after from Maria an Italian waitress, she was very friendly and helped me to choose my wine. definitely, I will come back again. I will recommend visiting the place.",Date of stay: September 2018,5.0
286,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or285-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Fab Fab Fab Piccadilly London Location,"From check in on Saturday Sept 15th to checkout Wednesday Sept 19th, my 4 nights in Club Level room rocked! Hello Piccadilly Square and walking everywhere from Le Meridien is a plus. The hotel is intimate, not glitzy, laden with amazing Staff who are kind and helpful & my 5th Floor SPG room rocked. Quiet in the back with windows that opened for fresh air, creaky old English floors added atmosphere to the ambience and the raised balcony with sitting area was wonderful - unique in deed. The Club Level lounge at breakfast was sufficient to get me on my way for the day (they might consider some daily changes for those of us staying many days) and the lounge staff were impeccable & fun too.  Last day I dined at The Terrace restaurant for breakfast: its just OK nothing unique but it's…",Date of stay: September 2018,5.0
287,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or285-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Old old rooms but good location,"Old rooms, noisy air con, slight musky smell. Decent service (competent staff but not overtly friendly). If you are on vacation and can afford to stay at a nicer hotel I'd definitely recommend going somewhere else like the Hotel Cafe Royal which is very nice and is not that much more expensive and just down the street. or the Ritz which is cheaper. Great location though, easy to get everywhere.  Oh I did an early check in. If they ever give you room...I forgot the number, but something like room 310, you should immediately ask for a nicer room as 310 is an old depressing jail cell like room with a close up view of the air con units outside. Nice of them to allow early check in, but it may not be worth it.  The room they changed us to was still old and musky, but at least it…",Date of stay: September 2018,3.0
288,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or285-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Good choice for business travel,"My most recent stay was last week but I have also stayed at meridian in the past. I was quite happy with the hotel accommodation and facilities, very professional staff and overall a good choice for business travel. Location is very convenient as well.",Date of stay: September 2018,5.0
289,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or285-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Middle of everything ,"Our first stay here. Would come back in a second. Location is central to everything in London. Staff is great.   There are two types of rooms, updated and not updated. Updated have no tub but tend to be smaller.  Not updated have a tub shower and a bit roomier. We went for not updated and were most happy with the results. ",Date of stay: September 2018,5.0
290,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or290-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Our second stay here was very disappointing,"After my wonderful experience in 2017 I decided to come back with my entire family and husband in may of 2018. Unfortunately this time our stay was very disappointing. If you don't get the renovated rooms we received when staying in the hotel the first time you will encounter very tired rooms. As platinum members of the SPG program we requested other rooms but no other renovated rooms were available they explained so it made us wonder how many rooms were actually renovated.... Anyway, the location is still great but would never stay here again unless the entire hotel would be completely refurbished because I wouldn't bet on maybe getting a good room again.",Date of stay: May 2018,2.0
291,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or290-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great location.. but the hotel needs an upgrade,"Pro: * Central location, easy access to the tube station, and it was £100 cheaper per night than the W Hotel down the road for the same dates in September.   *  Hotel has an executive lounge for water and hot drinks all day.   *  Have stayed at this hotel for 5 trips, and they've honored early check-in request each time. *  Front desk check-in process is professional, but not overly friendly.   *  Housekeeping is on top of things.   *  The team that works in the lounge is friendly, and quick to clean up after each guest.    Con *  The first time staying at this hotel few years ago, I was upgraded to a newly renovated corner suite.  That was the first and last time for an ""upgrade"" to a renovated room, that is disappointing as a lifetime platinum member to SPG/Marriott. *  The…",Date of stay: September 2018,3.0
292,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or290-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Ok hotel for London price,"We stayed for 2 nights, rooms was ok but we feel it needs a bit of renovation, location wise it’s excellent. Food in the restaurant was good but we waited quiet a bit. Was fast check in and check out process. It’s close to everything, shops, etc.. and situated in the heart of the city. Just little let down from housekeeping we got back to our room and we saw it was cleaned but trash in the bathroom was still there also no refill of coffee. Was ok for the price we paid.",Date of stay: September 2018,3.0
293,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or290-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent hotel,"This hotel provide excellent amenities, the gym was amazing is in great conditions with everything you could possibly need to do your daily workout, staff is very friendly, Ryan front desk( not sure if that was his name) was very kind and helpful. Although the outside of the hotel can be a bit loud during the night considering is just right next to piccadilly street.  ",Date of stay: September 2018,4.0
294,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or290-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Wonderful stay in London!,"We have stayed at the Le Meridien Piccadilly for the last six days and are so pleased with our choice. The hotel is very close to a host of restaurants, pubs and nearby entertainment and all within walking distance.  The staff at the hotel has been fabulous as well. Victoria was lovely to deal with prior to our arrival as we had some booking issues with SPG and she took care of it in an instant. Also she and the staff were very helpful in accommodating our request for renovated rooms (which were clean, roomy and nicely updated) and an early check in due to flights.  When we arrived they delivered champagne and strawberries to our room as she had remembered this was an anniversary trip. I can’t say enough about the great treatment we received and if we are ever back in London -…",Date of stay: September 2018,5.0
295,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or295-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Fantastic location, terrible room!","I’ve stayed here before and I’m not sure what’s up but I think I got the dumpiest, smelliest, smallest room in the hotel this time.  We are SPG Gold members and usually stay at Sheridan Park Lane but have stayed at meridian before and it was equally nice so we opted to stay here again.  We’ve stayed in 7 hotels in the UK the last 2 weeks and this is the worst.  Room smells like cigarette smoke.  It’s so small there’s not even room to put the bags and the furniture looks beat up!  Horrible for $300+ pounds. A night.  ",Date of stay: September 2018,2.0
296,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or295-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent Location ,Stayed in Le Meridien Piccadilly for four nights . Check in was smooth and reception was quite cooperative in giving us a room of our choice. The hotel needs a little upgrading.Would  give it a four star rating but the excellent location compensates for it .  The rooms were of decent size with good quality mattress and pillow The lifts are a mystery as sometimes they just don’t work. Room and concierge service were good and prompt. Really enjoyed the breakfast which though not elaborate had lot of healthy options . Definitely worth a stay . ,Date of stay: August 2018,4.0
297,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or295-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Fantastic location and lovely hotel, but could use some updating","When I travel to London I always stay at the Le Meridien Piccadilly, as it's central to where I work and easy to meet up with friends and colleagues in the evening.  The bed was pretty comfortable and the room was larger than my last visit, but the decor could use some updating.  I was surprised how poor the lighting was.  My room was off the street, as this is a very busy part of London, but since I was on a lower floor I could still hear a bit of the ambient noise.   The staff are fantastic and although I didn't have a meal there, the Hendrick's and tonic was top notch.  I'll be returning in a few months and am looking forward to seeing London in the late Fall.",Date of stay: May 2018,4.0
298,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or295-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Great Location - Bad Rooms,Awful Dinner Chef and Mediocre Staff",We stayed at the Le Meridian Piccadilly for 3 nights recently in a suite.The Suite toilet was in a bad condition - the shower kept leaking and was no way near a 5 star Suite ! AT breakfast one had to wait for over 30 minutes for Eggs ordered ! Slow lethargic refilling of the buffet. The door man provided in accurate information.We took a chance on visiting the terrace for dinner - which was a disaster. This was one of the worst ever steaks I have ever had anywhere in the world ! Very poor management and not befitting of the 5 star or Meridien name ! I would never recommend this hotel to friends and family.,Date of stay: August 2018,2.0
299,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or295-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Traditional European Elegance with an attentive staff,"Wonderful location with all the flair of a historic hotel that is very well managed. Terrific food service and access to the club level is highly recommended. Room was spacious and well maintained, with great attention to detail.",Date of stay: May 2018,5.0
300,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or300-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",An excellent recent stay!,"I had a very comfortable stay and could catch up with both an old friend and my cousin here! I liked the room (503) which was perfect during this rapid period of transit that I undertook. The Club Lounge on the Mezzanine Floor was a great facility and I could really relax in the stylish surrounds overlooking the Lobby. I availed myself of the Gymnasium facility and an in house computer, both of which were good.",Date of stay: August 2018,5.0
301,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or300-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",London Vacation,"Absolutely love the hotel.  Yes she is an old building but the Staff was excellent. Paul and Mark on the concierge staff were very helpful with our baggage and tours, Cat in the Terrace lounge was great as well as the food, I was a little worried about the two reviews i saw on the SPG site, but glad I went to this location.  Right in the heart of everything...wonderful stay!",Date of stay: August 2018,5.0
302,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or300-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Great Visit, Excellent Service","We spent four nights here and it was a great experience the entire time. Service was particularly excellent. We arranged for a car to pick us up from the airport and bring us to the hotel, and that went perfectly. Every time we asked for help or needed assistance, someone showed up quickly. Friendly staff also.   Comfortable bed, great amenities. A nice combination of updated electric, A/C, while still keeping some classic appointments, like brass/marble fixtures in the bath, heavy wooden doors, etc.   Great lounge and the daily breakfast in the restaurant was a great option--much to choose from, nothing ran out, enough seats. We had a suite and asked for a quiet room to make sure we were well-rested. As such, we did not have a view, but this room was indeed very quiet, which is…",Date of stay: June 2018,5.0
303,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or300-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",London’s best address ,This is an amazing location and a now Marriott location. We stayed here for a concert in Hyde park which is a short walk. It’s so close to the British museum and 2 steps from Piccadilly square and museum and bus lines. Great breakfast for good members too. ,Date of stay: September 2017,4.0
304,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or300-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great location,The location right on Piccadilly street hear Piccadilly Square made for super easy transport via bus or tube. Easy walking distance to many attractions and shows. Hotel is not quite up to the standards of others in the LeMeridien chain in terms of updated rooms. It was comfortable though. The staff was very helpful and friendly. ,Date of stay: August 2018,4.0
305,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or305-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Fantastic as always,"Le Terrace Service is always perfect. Staff attentive and knowledgeable. Food always cooked to perfection. Chef will adapt the menu to your needs if you have allergies.  Great cocktails, especially the gin ones Gorgeous venue",Date of stay: August 2018,5.0
306,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or305-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Afternoon tea,"Booked afternoon tea for my mother, sister, and I while traveling to London. Made reservations but was able to call and move them up. Also asked to move outside due to the beautiful sun at that time and both times the staff were very accommodating! The prosecco was tasty, the food was beyond amazing while also filling, and the tea was delightful. Additionally the waitress asked my sister, a vegetarian, if she would like meat sandwiches removed, which they did. Had we not known to do that, the food would have been wasted. Elliot, a manager, was so wonderful and talked to us for sometime about many things. Truly one of the best experiences and most memorable of our girls' trip!",Date of stay: August 2018,5.0
307,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or305-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Massive room, central location","First time in London and this hotel created a great first impression. After coming off a long haul flight  with the flu we were greeted with a drink and great helpful staff, there was no question why many chose here to stay during the London marathon. We upgraded to an SPG preferred room. It was more like a suite, the room was enormous, probably the same size as an apartment. Amenities were great, branded the renowned malin+goetz.   The room size was great as London was the last leg of our trip around Europe, there was more than enough space to pack all the bags in one go.  We had a lot of bags, don't attempt to port the bags up to your room or down to the lobby as each floor has multiple stairways on each floor. Simply call the lobby to have your bags delivered or taken down…",Date of stay: April 2018,5.0
308,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or305-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Attention to detail,"Stayed here for a couple of nights this is a stunning location but needs some attention to raise the standards to where they should be. Check in was very good with friendly reception team. Lara in the rooftop restaurant was exceptional and a credit to your team as was Maria, both really welcoming, I would suggest you transfer these two ladies to your executive lounge to show the team there how it should be done. The lounge was very dirty with food left on the floor and still there the next morning at breakfast. I had to ask Donatas for some drinks and canapés repeating my request making me feel uncomfortable in asking, he seemed to take this personal with  a very curt rude response, when he did eventually bring the canapés he literally dropped them onto the table. Your team in…",Date of stay: August 2018,3.0
309,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or305-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Access to the lounge made it worthwhile,"Stayed there for 4 nights, booked by my son who is a member of that chain.  As he travels heaps for work they provided us with an upgrade using his points.  We have an executive suite on the 5th floor consisting of a large bedroom, bathroom (with a bath) and sitting room.  It was generally clean and comfortable however some attention to detail is required.e.g. although a kettle, tea and supplies were available there was no power point to safely use the kettle.  We had to place it on the carpet near to the bedroom door- an accident waiting to happen.  The was some mould in the corners of the bathroom.  Not a major issue but a little grotty.  excellent quality toiletries provided.  The bonus was access to the lounge where a substantial complimentary continental breakfast was…",Date of stay: August 2018,3.0
310,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or310-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Centrally located but old and tired,"I was in town for a conference and London Pride festivities. The hotel is very centrally located to busy tourist shopping areas and restaurants which is great!  The hotel itself seems to have some issues: 1) Despite the photos this is a very old hotel. I had a suite upgrade thinking it would be a nice experience but the carpet was thin, the bathrooms were old with a very old style showerhead with twist joints, a towel warmer that you couldn’t turn off so it was incredibly warm there. The layout of the suite was a strange rabbit hole experience along a narrow hallway with small windows with limited views. Why anyone would pay extra for this is beyond me.  2) The hotel didn’t seem to be able to handle the volume of guests staying at the hotel. The concierge took over 30 minutes to…",Date of stay: July 2018,2.0
311,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or310-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Takes more than great location and friendly staff to deserve 5 stars,"After staying here for 3 nights this is our thoughts. Staid at 4th floor , paid approx 270 £ with out breakfast , booked last minute with hotels.com. If you want  breakfast it cost 28 £  per person/ day. We went around the corner, 2 minutes walk from the hotel to Caffe Concerto and had a great full English breakfast for 7 £  Hotel room was small. Bath room, doors and bed room needs renovation.  The bed are really comfortable, we sleep well and I loved your pillows.  The staff is very friendly. It was my husband birthday on the day of arrival and you were so kind to give us a complimentary bottle of wine, great gesture.   We did not get the AC  to work on heat when we were cold, only cold air came out.  House cleaning forgot to refill coffee, milk and clean cups every day, that…",Date of stay: August 2018,3.0
312,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or310-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Lunch ,Quite a favourite restaurant of ours in the Terrace bar. The staff are generally very good and friendly. The food is just what is required for a lunchtime snack washed down with a little wine. On a nice day lovely to sit outside. ,Date of stay: June 2018,5.0
313,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or310-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, fabulous staff, sad hotel","Both American Express Travel and Citibank rate this hotel as a Five Star and certainly, the rates support this assumption.  Reality - a five star location, two star facility.   First, the positives:  location is fantastic for the leisure traveler.  Plenty of walkable sites nearby.  We spent entirely too much time at the Whole Foods a couple of blocks away.  Negatives: this is a hotel with ""old bones"" and by that I mean, if you expect your AC to work, don't.  Avoid this hotel at all costs during a heat wave; you simply won't be able to cool your room.  We were miserable for the first half of the week, until the outside weather cooled off a bit.  We were in a room that hadn't been remodeled (a suite) and it was depressing.  Dump.  A guy had to come up to reset the TV; the hotel…",Date of stay: August 2018,2.0
314,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or310-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great location,"Right next to Piccadilly Circus tube stop. We had a suite and it was very nice and had a good breakfast. Helpful staff. That said, the place needs some maintenance to achieve its next star. At present, it is three and a half only. Number one problem is that HVAC has only on-off option, so trouble maintaining set temperature. Lights constantly flickered in bath, leading we to worry about the electrical. Soundproofing great. We heard nothing from other rooms.",Date of stay: August 2018,3.0
315,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or315-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Birthday Luxury,"60th birthday treat.  Happened to mention this at reception and was upgraded to a suite, together with a birthday card, a bottle of champagne and a selection of cakes.  Superbly paced in the centre of London and with excellent facilities (swimming pool, sauna, steam room etc), we had a wonderful stay and hope to return soon.",Date of stay: September 2017,5.0
316,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or315-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Location, location, location!","I stayed at Le'Meridian during a short week long trip in London. The location is awesome!  Its close to Soho, Chinatown and couple stops away from Embankment, Victoria, South-end. Lots of restaurants around and the energy in the neighborhood is amazing. Reminds me of Times Square in NYC a bit. The rooms are small and cozy, but it's to be expected. The staff and service was great! The longitude bar downstairs is nice, perfect for a night cap.",Date of stay: August 2018,4.0
317,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or315-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Medicore hotel in a great location.,"This is my first time reviewing a hotel while still staying in it. I travel a fair bit for business and have stayed in various hotels but this is by far the worst (New York's Hyatt Union Square comes close but even that hotel had some redeeming factors).   1. Airconditioning did not work. I visited London during a heat wave so you can imagine how critical this is.  2. Called the Concierge. No response. Dialled ""service"" to no avail as well. Tried several times. In the end, I Googled for the public reservations number and called the hotel with my mobile just to speak with someone from the hotel.  NO APOLOGY whatsoever from the gentleman who eventually picked up.   3. An engineer was sent to the room and he could tell immediately that the AC wasnt on. Seems that if you increase…",Date of stay: August 2018,2.0
318,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or315-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Wonderful stay - Great managers and employes - Great location,"Stayed twice recently and had a great experience. The staff is always very professional and helpful. The room was very spacious, very clean and nicely furnished. The bathroom was very nice and the toiletries first class. The location is great and your are at walking distance to Piccadily circus, Green Park and many great restaurants and tourists attractions. The manager on duty was very helpful and very kind. All the employees are very customers oriented. I highly recommend the Méridien Piccadilly and will definitely stay there during my next trip to London.",Date of stay: June 2018,5.0
319,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or315-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Good hotel,"We enjoyed our stay at Le Meridien Piccadilly. The suite was very spacious and with a view over Regent St. Location is perfect for getting around London. The service was good, particularly at breakfast.  Would not hesitate to recommend this hotel.",Date of stay: July 2018,4.0
320,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or320-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Health club so much potential.,"Hello, I am a regular customer and I am so disappointed by the upkeep of the health club. The girl there in the evenings is lovely but have a look at the photos - a mess beyond belief. I have never seen anything like it. I would like the manager to be in touch with me as for the money it should be better. Best regards",Date of stay: July 2018,2.0
321,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or320-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Classic room is old, but great location","The location of the hotel is great and the personnel is trying their best to make you feel at home. But I was quite disappointed with the classic room...as it's really classic: old and small. My expectations may have been too high, but nevertheless the experience wasn't great. I like SPG in general (being Gold), so I hope they can make some changes very soon.",Date of stay: April 2018,3.0
322,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or320-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, comfortable stay","I had stayed here previously while visiting London for pleasure a while back. This time around I was visiting on business and the hotel was booked for me. I must say I had some reservations (pun intended) about revisiting Le Meridien as my previous experience was of a large conference hotel in need of updating. Pleasingly, the updating has been undertaken or is underway (on some of the other floors in the hotel.) Le Meridien is still a large conference style hotel and it certainly doesn't have the boutique charm of other options in London but I must admit to being won over a little during my stay. Wherever possible (on business and during leisure) I try and stay at smaller, independent hotels but recently I've seen the larger concerns upping their game and lowering their prices…",Date of stay: May 2018,5.0
323,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or320-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Hotel Deteriorated Since Change of Management ,I have been staying during the years at the Le Meridien i believe more than 15 times. In recent yeas some floors have been renovated and replaced dated rooms. Location is one of the best in central London. Business lounge is great. Great gym with a decent sized swiming pool and well equipped gym.   Significant difference in quality of rooms at the same category. Ask for a renovated room ( 1st floor and i believe also 8th floor).  Main difficulty for me is rigid and wrong attitude of reception and front desk manager and the way they treat return guests. They are also far from being generous with very limited and in my view wrong interpretation of Marriott/ SPG top Platinum members benefit. I would gladly be back to this hotel once management is replaced and attitude changed.…,Date of stay: July 2018,2.0
324,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or320-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Lovely suites, muddled service at times, air con too drying","We were nervous about staying as some of the reviews were so poor and we were worried about hygiene. In fact the rooms in our suites were apparently very and clean and the breakfast very good indeed. The children enjoyed a lovely afternoon swim. The main problem was some of the service: room service was slow and muddled, breakfast was charged for when it was included in room price, etc, but this didn’t impact on our stay too much an everything was eventually put right. All the staff were very welcoming, willing and friendly, even when muddled!",Date of stay: July 2018,4.0
325,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or325-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",You can't beat the location,"This is the best location in London. You are right next to Picadilly, Regence Street, the tube, Trafalgar square- you name it- you are next to it. The hotel is cute and pretty large for a London hotel. The restaurants are nice as well. There is also a nice pool area!",Date of stay: April 2018,5.0
326,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or325-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Comfort in the heart of the city,"i recently stayed at the property and was completely made at home from the time i stepped in. The staff was over courteous and very friendly. i enjoyed my stay and found the location very very convenient. i move in and out of the hotel frequently and without wastage of time. its situated on the main street and it was a breeze at all times of the day. the room size was very comfortable and the toilet was large. very comfortable bed, good ventilation and fresh clean feel.",Date of stay: July 2018,5.0
327,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or325-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Fantastic Location in Central London !,"The location of the Le Meridien in Piccadilly is perfect for visiting London. It was a short easy walk to Hyde Park (we went for a Paul Simon, James Taylor concert) and so close St James Park, a great variey of fabulous, shops and theatre land. It was so nice to keep coming back to the super friendly Meridien to chill-out.  I was amazed how quiet my 1st floor room was on to busy Piccadilly. Absolutely peacful and a very comfortable bed. so nice not to be waking up to lots of traffic noise, yet still in the heart of quality London. The breakfasts were in a large bright impressive room with a large and tasteful selection of food. The entire hotel staff could not have been more helpful. One of their team came up to my room with a large pair of scissors to assist me in cutting out…",Date of stay: July 2018,5.0
328,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or325-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Not a 5 star,"Went here for our 40th wedding anniversary and was very disappointed with the hotel. When we went to check in we where told we had not got a booking although the room had been paid for, on production of my confirmation email they said they would look into it, we had booked a table for lunch at a restaurant nearby so we asked if this could be sorted when we returned from the restaurant. On returning we where allocated a very nice room and everything was sorted out. On the Sunday night July 1st we returned aT 10.00pm from a meal out to be told the bar was closing shortly as a new time had come into effect from the1st of July which was 10.00pm so we told the waitress we where residents but this did not make any difference As two couples we where told we could get room service which…",Date of stay: June 2018,3.0
329,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or325-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Truly lost its plot,"It was truly disappointing from the start of the stay until the end.  I got a room with double twin beds and not the King size bed I had booked.  The beds were soft and uncomfortable. Service in the restaurant was terrible.  The AC didn't work properly, the TV in my room didn't work at all and there were basic things, like a shoe kit, missing from my room. The concierge didn't give us umbrellas when going out for dinner in the evening even though it rained heavily.  The overall stay was a disaster.  I complained to the shift manager but had to go back to complain again as my initial complaint was not dealt with.  I even recommended this hotel to 8 of my work colleagues who also stayed there and I am truly embarrassed as they were all complaining about the hotel.  In the end,…",Date of stay: July 2018,2.0
330,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or330-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Well Rounded Hotel,"My family had a wonderful stay at this hotel. The staff was very accommodating, the rooms are comfortable and efficient, and the bar is lively yet appropriate for teenagers to enter.   There are numerous sites in walking distance of the hotel. We found this option most pleasant and allowed us to start the sightseeing experience in front of the crowds. One has easy access to the tube as well.   The hotel is located in a prime area for dining and shopping. One can easily walk to a large number of restaurants day or night. Key shopping vendors are located one street over.  Finally as an avid runner there are two parks one can run to, through, and around for exercise.",Date of stay: June 2018,5.0
331,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or330-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Mother and daughter visit ,"We have just returned from a two night stay. As always an excellent visit, we couldn't have our normal room as it was in use, but the room they gave us was excellent. The Club lounge is as good as ever. It was very warm while we were in London, but the room was absolutely fine, perfect temperature, being in the centre of London you can not expect a view but that is totally understandable ( unsure what other reviews expect!!) No problems with our stay. Very pleased we had a great time. We will be back in November. ",Date of stay: June 2018,5.0
332,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or330-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",This hotel is basic and not worth your time,"I travel a lot for business and can definitively say neither I, nor any associates, will be staying here again. Most of the staff is rude and/or kind of lazy (barring one very well intentioned concierge). The room I stayed in felt like a dungeon- the window was facing a brick wall and the room was in a far reaching corner of the floor, next to a service door that slammed constantly. I asked if I could move once I saw the room and was told I could but would have to wait in the lobby for two hours. The gracious thing to do would be to let me wait in the current room having just gotten off an overnight flight. They were obviously not entirely booked.   The food was crap, the bed was uncomfortable and honestly- the location sucks. Its the equivalent of going to NY and staying in…",Date of stay: July 2018,2.0
333,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or330-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Pathetic Service and response,I booked the room in hotel for 4 nights . Today when I checked in I was told that after 11:00 Pm there is no room service / Hospitality . Air conditioner of room no 622 not working and after requesting for almost 2 hours duty manager suggested to sleep with open windows as we cannot do anything now . If this is the response of duty managers in hotels then you can imagine about rest of the staff . I am posting the picture of curtains . They are worse than any 1 star motel .. I did a mistake by coming here .. ,Date of stay: July 2018,1.0
334,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or330-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great service & great location,"Disclaimer: I am SPG Platinum elite so upgrades and amenities don't cost me anything.  I have stayed at this property twice now and it's officially my preferred hotel in London. The location is right in the heart of the West End and a 15min walk to my office. The first time I stayed, was upgraded to a renovated room that was quite nice with a view. The second time, I had an older room but they were able to get me in as soon as I arrived from the airport--decent trade off to me.    The service is always nice and simple. Room Service food is standard, not bad. The club lounge is slightly better than others.   The gym is among the best I've seen in hotels that aren't resorts.",Date of stay: June 2018,4.0
335,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or335-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",wanna visit again ,"Great location!!! confortable room and good food. Staffs are good but not that friendly to a first timer/ solo Asian tourist.  2 min from the tube, 5 min to F&M, 10min to the Queens theater. Walk to the shopping street and the green park. What do you want more?  Want to come back again and try afternoon tea at the beautiful venue.",Date of stay: June 2018,5.0
336,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or335-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent property/Best staff/Comfortable room and Great Location=WINNER,"STARWOOD: PLATINUM MARRIOTT: GOLD HILTON: GOLD  To end my 9 days across Europe I knew I wanted the perfect property as far as location, style, delivery of service and Comfortable beds, to which the Le Meridien Piccadilly answers on all. I spent just one night here but our room was our refresh before we hit the streets, our rest before dinner, and our deep slumber before it was off to the airport. If you just need a great Hotel in this area of London read no further, this is your spot, but if you'd like to read further I'd be obliged.  HOTEL: I am not quite sure of the age of this property but I have had some less than stellar experiences in Europe due to properties not keeping up with the times shall we say. The Le Meriden appears to be a large Hotel, I think there is a spa, and…",Date of stay: June 2018,5.0
337,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or335-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",June 2018 visit to Le Meridian,"I have stayed at Le Meridien a few times, most recently just this past June.  I found my room to be spacious and comfortable, although the bathroom definitely needed to be updated or at the very lest repaired so the bath drained properly and the toiled flushed properly.  Small issues though, and I would recommend the hotel.  I will say that I have stayed in many hotels in London where the staff is friendlier (not to say that the staff at Le Meridian are unfriendly, just not particularly warm and welcoming).    The location of the hotel is terrific, with many attractions in walking distance, the tube stop on the corner, and Whole Foods up the block to allow some savings on an expensive breakfast.",Date of stay: June 2018,4.0
338,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or335-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Surprise weekend in London,"Upon arrival at the hotel, we were warmly greeted by Angele, who was very helpful and informative. The room we had been upgraded, was a little tired and dated, however very clean, the bed was very comfortable. We had drinks in the bar ( 2nd floor) Staff were excellent very attentive, same at breakfast, nothing was too much trouble ( which is a good job as I’m not sure but I think this hotel is heavily promoted to American Citizens, the ones I witnessed were quite demanding and downright rude and dismissive to the staff, no need as the staff were more than happy to oblige requests). Overall I would recommend this hotel for the staff and location, opposite Fortnum and Mason, Leicester Square a moment away. I would stay here again",Date of stay: June 2018,4.0
339,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or335-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great stay,"Top location.  Beautiful modern room, we stayed on the 8th floor in a big and quiet renovated room with the view of London Eye. Great hospitality. Special thanks to David, guest relations manager for taking care of us so nicely. We will come back for sure.",Date of stay: June 2018,5.0
340,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or340-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Major Renovation needed,"I get it. Y'all are at the center of awesome London. However if I'm here for business and I need to comfortable place to stay, well let's just say I was in for a big surprise.   I came in the second time (2 weeks later) for vacation and used my points to stay here, mainly because of proximity. I was again placed in a very old, old room that was truly a joke. Additionally I paid for breakfast and access to the lounge room. I had access cards to it but on the last day, a staff said I should not even have access to. Really? I think the young lady needed to get her facts straight, quite frankly.   I'll be back again in the area for business. Hopefully rooms in this hotel get a face lift or else I'm off to another hotel that will give me the ample comfort and rest I need.   ",Date of stay: May 2018,3.0
341,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or340-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Wonderful stay,"I’ve stayed multiple times in Le Meridien Piccadilly hotel, and expectation is always high. Yet with this trip and from the check-in moment.. I knew Le Meridien raised the bar high. I want to thanks Alessandra and Ryan for their amazing welcoming. Although my room was not ready (9am) but they did everything possible to make me feel welcomed and getting room ready in less than 1 hr.   Area of improvement: Concierge ! Hotel management need to look at this part of the hotel and improve the customer experience. During my stay.. I needed the concierge 4 times.. and either I don’t find anyone in the concierge to support me.. or i get unpleasant attitude from the concierge staff.   Thanks for everything, looking forward to comeback. ",Date of stay: June 2018,5.0
342,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or340-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",thorough refurbishing needed,"the room was way too small for a double. The air-conditioning as loud as a Banshee, the toilet not working properly, the sink blocked. Happy I only stayed one night. Everything was old, used, stains everywhere. The breakfast ok but nothing very special. Chose another hotel til this one is redone from basement to roof.  The best is the very friendly and helpful staff!",Date of stay: June 2018,2.0
343,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or340-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Lovely restaurant for afternoon tea, but not very good","We went for afternoon tea, because this hotel is so convenient. The resaturant serving tea is quite lovely and the staff is very helpful. Unfortunately, neither the savories or the sweets were worth it.  Not evet the scones!  the clotted cream was similar to butter. It is unfortunate because their items show real creativity in the kitchen.  There is hope.  Now someone just has to actually try the final product.  Then make adjustments.  Nope, I won't be back.",Date of stay: June 2018,3.0
344,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or340-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",A once great hotel in need of a refurbishment,"Located in the heart of London's Westend, the location of Le Meridien Piccadilly is superb.  This was my seventh stay in the hotel, so I know the hotel very well. One of my favourite features of this hotel is its pool, which is lovely to cool off in after a hot & sweaty trip on the Underground. I would also say that the staff are all well trained & friendly.  However, It's clear to me that the hotel interior has reached a time where it now requires a full renovation.  The gym, the lift controls, the rooms, the air-conditioning, fixtures & fittings are all tired. I had to change rooms due to sound coming from the air-conditioning on the 7th floor.  Back to the positives, I would definitely recommend if you stay here to ask to stay in room 450. It is located on the 4th floor off…",Date of stay: May 2018,3.0
345,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or345-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely Hotel Great Location,"This hotel was very nice. We did pick one of the more spacious rooms for a family of four and it was perfect  for us. The beds were very comfortable.  The staff was always very friendly and helpful when we had questions about anything. The downstairs lobby was so luxurious feeling, bustling with activity, yet the rooms  above were quiet and felt very secure.",Date of stay: June 2018,5.0
346,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or345-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Ruined a special occasion and refused to release my money for a month,"When being recommended a hotel by an ex employee of it I tend to listen; on this occasion I wish I hadn't!  I am not one to write reviews about where I stay usually, however after a month of speaking with the ""leadership team"" of Le Meridien, I feel compelled to speak of the experience that I have had with the hotel.   Both my wife and I stayed at the hotel to celebrate my business winning an industry acknowledged award. Upon checkin, all seemed above board; the lobby was clean and the staff were friendly. As per usual, a Pre Authorisation payment was needed to be taken to secure the room... For someone who stays away with work regularly I saw this as normal procedure. - Basically it is a security deposit taken and returned within (usually) 10 working days of check out.   - The…",Date of stay: May 2018,1.0
347,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or345-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Terrace Restaurant - a very disappointing experience...,"I had booked a table at the Terrace restaurant for a birthday lunch.  It was just as it appeared in the pictures and we chose a lovely table outside in the sun.  However, it all went downhill from there...  The restaurant was very quiet yet we waited a ridiculous amount of time for our order to be taken.  Our wine arrived and was not particularly cold but we didn't say anything which I now regret.  Also we ordered 2 glasses of white but were given one white and one rose. Our starter was delicious but while we were still eating it the waitress brought one of our main courses and tried to squeeze it onto the small table. When we said we didn't want it yet she seemed surprised but took it away.  A few minutes later she brought the other main course and was again quizzical when we…",Date of stay: June 2018,3.0
348,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or345-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Mr Julian Levy - SPG Gold Member,"I try to use SPG properties wherever I stay around the world - Europe, the US, Asia and Australia. On our latest trip to London, my wife and I decided to stay at Le Meridien Piccadilly - last time, we stayed at the Westbury. We chose Le Meridien this time due to its location and 5 star status. This was a paid for stay, not a redemption. Things started out well - service from the doormen was excellent, especially as we had lots of bags. We were transiting to see our son so just a quick one night stopover. Unfortunately it was downhill from there. At reception, no late check out or other amenity was offered as it is in all other SPG properties. We then headed to the lift and up to the third floor. It’s London so we didn’t expect a huge room but what we got was beyond belief. An…",Date of stay: June 2018,1.0
349,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or345-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Disappointing SPG London Property,"Tagging along on my husband’s London business trip (along with our toddler), I felt compelled to write a review. I’ve mentioned the inconsistency in quality and standard of SPG properties in previous reviews, and our brief stay at the Le Meridian Piccadilly — so closely following our drab stay at the Sheraton Boston Hotel (review available under my Profile) — feels like a continuing downward trend. Some may feel that either of these hotels are perfectly decent, but we do not believe that our own basic standards are unreasonable.   In combination with its beautiful exterior, entering the chic lobby of this Piccadilly SPG property conjures hopes of posh rooms with a mix of clean, modern touches amongst historic architecture and charm. Those hopes are only to be dashed following…",Date of stay: June 2018,3.0
350,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or350-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Usually my favorite London spg property, but this time very disappointed","As the title says, this is usually my spg property of choice in London.  Amazing location, friendly staff, nice enough club lounge.  Sadly, this stay was very disappointing.  The Do Not Disturb sign was completely ignored at 2pm and was awoken by housekeeping trying to enter my room.  Major fail as I was on a different time zone and desperately needed an afternoon nap.  Tried to order late night room service at 12:30am and was told the late night menu had run out and only some paninis were available.  Mind you the late night menu had only started at 11pm. Final straw was that my friend who came to visit me was not allowed to even wait in the lobby of the hotel but instead had to wait outside on the street until I came down to get him.  Granted, this was at 11pm, but he even…",Date of stay: June 2018,2.0
351,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or350-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, outstanding service ","This hotel is 109 years old. Some of the rooms are dated, however the hotel staff is excellent in accommodating your request for a different room. Hats off to Lewis at the concierge. He truly made our experience in London a memorable one, by helping us purchase tickets to the Royal Albert Hall.  Thank you to all the staff for a great holiday.",Date of stay: June 2018,5.0
352,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or350-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great Location — Very Good Hotel,"I booked this hotel as a bit of a splash-out to spend a weekend a weekend in London with a friend before heading out for a week in Dorset.  You cannot beat the location of the property; we didn’t have to get on the Tube once to happily explore a lot of the city.  After a small problem at check-in, Sarah was kind enough to offer us breakfast (though we had already paid for that in my Starwood rate) and Club access (which allowed for an afternoon tea and cocktails).  The room was on the small side, but well appointed with comfortable beds.  Although we advised that there was a problem with both the toilet and the shower, neither was attended to over the weekend and we were a bit embarrassed when encountering the maid and explaining to her why the bathroom was a bit soaked.  The…",Date of stay: June 2018,4.0
353,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or350-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Thoroughly disappointing,"I simply expect more from a Starwood property, even taking into account that this is a Méridien and not one of the higher brands in the group. My room was a noisy, dark, swampy hole. The noise from other rooms and the incredibly squeaky floor was something I expect from a hostel. The air conditioner was completely ineffective, with my room consistently hotter than the outside temperature and unbearably humid and muggy. To make it worse, the window could only open about 4 inches, so no relief there. The bathroom seemed like a hospital bathroom. And, despite being spg gold, my window looked out on an 8x8 concrete shaft. Even with all interior lights on and the curtains wide open, the room was so dark I could barely read the documents I was working on. The only upside was the…",Date of stay: June 2018,2.0
354,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or350-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Older Facilities But Perfect Location, Good Service, and Great Option for Families with Children","My family of 4 stayed at Le Meridien Piccadilly for 3 nights in early April. We stayed in a generously-sized Family Room with 2 queen beds (4-person occupancy), which is a rarity in European cities. The rate included breakfast for all 4 people and free laundry services for children's clothing, both of which we utilized and fully appreciated. They also sent up a lovely bottle of wine and some snacks on the first night in recognition of our SPG platinum status.  The hotel is an older building, and we had some trouble with temperature control in our room. But the shower water pressure was quite good even though we were on the top floor. The beds were firm and comfortable. The buffet breakfast in the hotel restaurant was substantial and delicious - tea being better than coffee. The…",Date of stay: April 2018,4.0
355,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or355-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, friendly staff and a lovely room with great view over London.","Ideally situated for Piccadilly Circus, Theatres, shops and tube. On arrival we had a lovely friendly welcome, we were told we had a beautiful room with a lovely view of London. Correct.       Lovely large room, with flowers, a bottle of Rose wine and a panorama view of London. Celebrating a special Birthday. Bliss.        We had access to the Club room, service was quick and we enjoyed the varied canapés each night. We looked forward to our visit each night.         A highlight at night was looking at the lights of London and picking out the Shard.          We will be back.         ",Date of stay: June 2018,5.0
356,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or355-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, nice rooms, VERY rude young security staff","The location is amazing. You can walk anywhere in Piccadilly and access public transportation. The rooms are very nice. They are small, but sufficient. However, the security staff made me feel like I was constantly under watch. Starting from when we arrived at the hotel, they started to our car to assist, and then backed off. No one offered to help us with our luggage. Then the young, male security staff would follow me and my spouse from when we entered all the way to the elevator door. Every time. They would watch us as we waited for a taxi in the morning. After observing them with other patrons, my conclusion is that they felt that as people of color we did not belong in that hotel. Our attire would not warrant such a perception, so it could only have been the color of our…",Date of stay: July 2017,3.0
357,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or355-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Nice environment ,I visited this location for a brief meeting. Had coffee in the restaurant and the atmosphere and views were lovely.  The staff are friendly although we had to flag folk down to pay 😁 but overall I’d definitely go there again.  Great sights over Piccadilly. ,Date of stay: May 2018,4.0
358,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or355-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Location, Staff and Breakfast","It's all about the great location for this hotel. You can easily walk to the shopping areas (Picadilly, Carnaby) and to the museums (National Gallery, the British Museum). The staff was friendly and very accommodating. Due to some loud guests we asked to be moved and the staff graciously did so. As a result, we were able to see the updated room in the second floor and the ""old school"" room in the fourth floor.   The updates are okay--the style reminds me of a tamer W Hotel theme. So if you're relying on the updated room to make your stay better, I say the updated rooms have a nominal impact on your stay. The non-updated room is old and stodgy, but I was fine with it.  As part of the package, breakfast was included. The breakfast was great! I was surprised how good the coffee…",Date of stay: May 2018,4.0
359,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or355-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",It Was... Okay!,"The location is bustling and convenient for certain touristy undertakings. It's a little more chaotic and fast-paced, which some prefer and some don't. If you are like me (and prefer to sit in the back at weddings, for instance), you may not find this area ideal. Everything was just fine and as expected though. The doorman was very courteous, our room was clean, and the view from our window was good for watching the activity below. There was no hotel parking and their parking recommendation was crazy. I probably would have enjoyed it more when I was in my carefree 20s. Overall, it was... okay!",Date of stay: November 2017,4.0
360,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or360-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",expensive tiny room smelling like humidity,"an expensive poor stay in london. the room was tiny and unrefubrished, the pipelines smelled like sweage and the room in general smelled like humidity.  the room temperature could not be regulated it was extremely warm.  check in took forever, about half an hour because the system kept crashing.",Date of stay: December 2017,2.0
361,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or360-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great location but horrible services ,"If you expect 5 stars service as it’s 5 stars hotel, I would not recommend this hotel. I’m the Marriott-SPG gold member and even that they services so bad that I have to share to others. First they don’t even bother to look at my request for room with non connecting door as I have problem with light sleep but they just said not available and asked me to move next day. That’s still okay but the way that they response is as I have to beg for it!! My second room is facing regent road (room 440) which you can hear noise all night from street.. well here goes my sleep. The room was very cold and heater is not working and they told me to just turn off the ventilation!! Yep and how we can breath!! And I have to request for portable heater.. My room also has no hairdryer and when I…",Date of stay: May 2018,1.0
362,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or360-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Location was great,"I stayed in a twin room for 3 nights in May. It was clean, comfortable and I would say a 4* property. My room was on the 8th floor and quiet with a view of rooftops. We did not use the minibar as it was rigged to charge you for anything moved. There was a safety box in the closet. The bathroom had a few toiletries and only a small shower stall, no bathtub.  It is location by Piccadilly Circus, a very busy street, but close to many luxury shops and restaurants. Most of the staff were friendly to us.",Date of stay: May 2018,4.0
363,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or360-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Friendly Staff , clean room, huge bed (club room)","Great for business or short private trips. Two Tube Stations (Piccadilly&Green Park) nearby. Bus stop just in front (direct connection from/to Victoria station. Taxi might be cheaper if you travel with family on arrival day. All the top attractions in walking distance. The rooms were very clean,  i did the dust test. I would recomment club rooms as you have entrance to the club lounge with snacks, drinks and friendly service nearly all day.  The front desk staff was also very friendly and helpful. Big pool .  The breakfast room at the 2.floor is lovely...Wintergarden-Style ...gives you a feeling of exploring beautiful London as soon as possible.  The facility manager might not  like that (shifting reasons), but it might be better if  you keep the pool also open till 8pm during…",Date of stay: May 2018,4.0
364,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or360-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Excellent location, best bed, fun pool","Recommend this hotel! SPG members- great experience in comparison to any other SPG lounge I have been to. Good selection of food all throughout the day. Good drink options too. The room was comfortable, relaxing, bed was excellent, the pool is beautiful and large, wish they had a hot tub though!! There is a steam room. The staff could have been nicer. Overall I loved the actual hotel and its location in the heart of Piccadilly.",Date of stay: May 2018,5.0
365,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or365-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent location!,This hotel is conveniently located - walking distance from West End shows and shopping districts of Bond and Regent Streets.  We initially had water pressure issues in the bathroom. But the management was quick to respond and we were offered a better room. We appreciate the upgrade!  The Grilled Seafood Platter at Terrace Grill and Bar was also very nice. The recommendation from the staff on white wine was perfect - had a great dinner!,Date of stay: May 2018,5.0
366,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or365-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Greta afternoon tea, especially with unlimited proosecco","Booked this as an anniversary treat and not disappointed. Staff were excellent, food divine and plenty of prosecco. Super restaurant overlooking Piccadilly. My first afternoon tea In London and we were not disappointed",Date of stay: May 2018,5.0
367,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or365-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",London Vacay_ April 2018,"This hotel was fabulous! The staff was friendly and courteous! I am also thankful when the front desk is aware of my status and provides additional amenities and services that are available to me. The building was beautiful, clean, and smelled great. Although I only went to the gym once, it was quite sufficient for a gym enthusiast. Lastly, the bed was extremely comfortable and the Down Comforter was absolutely wonderful. One more thing, this was the perfect location to go shopping, eat, party, and hang out late! I can't wait to go back.",Date of stay: April 2018,5.0
368,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or365-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",RIGHT IN THE HEART OF PICCADILLY.,"This is a lovely four star hotel, situated near the tube station(which has a direct line to Heathrow).Staff were very helpful, doorman was especially so. Had a lovely room, no views but great breakfast room overlooking Piccadilly.  Breakfast buffet was very good. ",Date of stay: May 2018,4.0
369,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or365-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Classic and worth the money!,We stayed here after a conference. Can't beat the location and the staffs were friendly! The front desk manager noticed my birthday was the day we checked in. She asked me when I would like the cake to be delivered to my room. I requested 2 pm. I left for 1 hr between 130pm to 230pm. The cake was there when I came back! The whole hotel smells great and always clean. The doormen were very nice and helped us a lot when we checked out (I hurt my right hand).   The lounge for platinum members was small but functional. The breakfast is above average but not as decent as the breakfast I had at W Leicester square.  They also offer turndown service and left chocolate on our pillows. The interior designs are classic but old. I can some chips and worn-down paint spot on the cabinet and…,Date of stay: February 2018,5.0
370,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or370-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Complete disaster,I did report the issues to hotel management before checking out. They have taken note and hope to welcome me back... most unlikely. I spend lots of time in hotels all over the world. I was disillusioned with SPG and although previously platinum had not used them. This was a retry after 4 years. Check in did not go well. They have my spg details but still expect me to fill in forms.  The room on the second floor was not secure. Anyone can get on that floor. Opposite 2 conference rooms - who on earth thought this was a good idea apart from milking the last drop of profit.  Just down from the open door to the bar. Aircon is hopeless. Yes it's an old building but the aircon at the Savoy functions. Why not yours.   The engineer was quick to appear and vacuumed the dust off the grill…,Date of stay: April 2018,1.0
371,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or370-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Checked out as soon as I woke up,"This is a classic example of a prime property that can command much more value but sadly isn’t looked after.   I was booked for 4 nights. I checked in midnight and ended up checking out as soon as I woke up. That’s how much I couldn’t tolerate that room.   The room is so worn out and tired I wouldn’t receive anyone at it.  The bed and furniture felt like the hotel has been 100% occupied for 50 years without refurbishment.  Light switches, AC controller, and faucets in the toilet were so old. Not the good old.  The restaurant looked amazing with a winter garden feel.  I liked that they had a signature eclair which they promoted, although I didn’t try.  Location needless to say is central.  The good folks of spg had me moved elsewhere more enjoyable pretty quickly. ",Date of stay: April 2018,2.0
372,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or370-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Better SPG options in London ,"I am a faithful SPG member and was visiting London recently on business. My schedule forced me to have multiple stays in the same trip, so I stayed here the second half of the week and was very disappointed.  I switched rooms and both had cleanliness issues in bathroom and bed. Ate dinner at the restaurant one night. It was late so there weren’t many people there yet service was very slow. Food was average at best. Overall it was not what I expect from this brand and I would not stay here again. There are better SPG options within a short distance.",Date of stay: April 2018,3.0
373,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or370-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Fantastic One Night Stay,"Quick night in London before heading back to the states and this hotel is fabulous!  It is beautiful, spacious and the service is superb!  I can't wait to go back and take my family as this hotel is a great location with excellent staff and comfortable beds!",Date of stay: April 2018,5.0
374,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or370-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Beautiful Property, Amazing service",I have stayed here before but this time I was bringing my son to visit London and Oxford so wanted an excellent experience. This was had by both of us. The room was spacious and even had a view. The Spa was awesome and the massages - provided by outside masseuses - was heavenly. It was the service that set it apart. We had a few hiccups in the trip and their concierges came to our rescue wonderfully - especially Luis. I would highly recommend the hotel.,Date of stay: April 2018,5.0
375,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or375-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Amazing! ,"We decided on this hotel as the location was good and as we are lucky enough to visit London a lot, location is key and we always stay at Le Royal Meridien in Dubai. I was pleasantly surprised when I walked in, from the beautiful smell to the welcoming staff. We were celebrating our wedding anniversary and with another couple celebrating a birthday. We were surprised to be upgraded to a club room and nothing seemed too much bother for them. The room was spacious and clean, bed was comfy and had everything we needed. Bathroom was spacious and clean. I have high standards and always find fault but I loved this hotel! The Terrace was stunning, and we sat in the bar before  and after we had been it that night and the barman was helpful, funny and sociable! He talked us through the…",Date of stay: April 2018,4.0
376,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or375-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent Staff,We had a lovely week end In london ... A big thank you for all the kindness of the Staff and especially to Angèle at the reception and the other lady with blond hair who did my check in (sorry I cannot remember her name) both of them were very professional and helpful with a great smile and we appreciated very much .,Date of stay: April 2018,4.0
377,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or375-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Expensive Club Room for what you get.  Cannot fault service & location...,"Decided to select Club Room for an anniversary stay.  Perfect communication with the hotel during reservation process and cannot fault the service I received upon checkin and during my one night stay.  Club Room: we were given a room on the 7th floor.  Spacious, great bedding and furniture but disappointed with bathroom layout and no bath tub for a room of this category.  Health Spa: booked massage online, prompt, professional and treatment received very good.    Breakfast: decided to have it delivered and happy with choice, food and juices.  Overall, the location makes this hotel a top pick and the service I usually get with Le Meridien.  I think due to the nature of the building's history, layout it is difficult for the hotel to do more.  Looking back, I would have opted to…",Date of stay: April 2018,4.0
378,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or375-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",expensive hotel ,As a  spg member so always look for the hotels under the chain. i have travelled around few cities and normally services / rooms been pretty good but this time we felt made the wrong choice in terms of stay. location wise is perfect actually but rooms are not renovated / bathroom taps were leaking/making noises.  Also since hotel main door opens right on the busy road / bus lane is difficult if you order cabs as they can’t wait for you at the bus lane. Probably is good for people who are using london underground but we were not that bunch .  also for the amount of money you pay is not worth i would say apart from the location that’s all/ every time we call front desk for help they were slow to pick up the calls .  we did not try the food but hotel has a bar downside which is ok.…,Date of stay: March 2018,3.0
379,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or375-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great location but the rooms need some update,"Great location close to public transportation, food and shopping!   The room that I stayed in definitely needed some update work. The floor made squeaky noise and there were stains (that probably won't go away with cleaning) on the furniture / walls. I liked the Malin + Goetz amenity in the bathroom though.   Also, the only preference setting in my SPG profile is 'no connecting door' and it was a connecting room :( I would have appreciated a heads-up even if it was unavoidable. The room was also on the same floor as a restaurant that can be accessed without a key so this concerned me as I was travelling on business with work equipment.  ",Date of stay: March 2018,3.0
380,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or380-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",A lovely central hotel.,We were in room 115 which was large and luxurious (even by American standards).  The service was almost perfect - one niggle with the night staff - but over all it was a wonderful place to stay.  I highly recommend this hotel.,Date of stay: March 2018,5.0
381,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or380-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great central London hotel,"My “go to” hotel for business travel in London.  Superb location, comfortable and well kitted out rooms (including the vital iron and ironing board in the wardrobe), good gym and decent food options.  The rooms are also well sized given the location. Staff are helpful and friendly. Job done.",Date of stay: March 2018,4.0
382,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or380-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Location, location, location.","Must be the best positioned hotel in London for it’s central position. Heart of shopping, shows and sightseeing. Must thank Nicola and Barbara for making this weekend stay so magical. The room was beautiful and clean with king sized bed. Breakfast was well supplied with many options. All the staff at front of house were welcoming. I shall have no hesitation in returning to this hotel once the weather improves to use as a base for ‘doing’ London. Loved the care shown. ‘",Date of stay: March 2018,5.0
383,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or380-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent location in central london close to shops and restaurants,"The hotel is a little older, but it is in well kept condition with modern conveniences and electronics.  It is is in an amazing location close to subways, shops, restaurants and parks.  One of my favorite choices when visiting London.",Date of stay: March 2018,4.0
384,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or380-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Mother’s Day Treat,I took my mum here in Mother’s Day for the brunch afternoon tea and free flowing prosecco. The staff were very attentive and the food was tasty. They did not allow our glasses to go empty and I really liked the atmosphere. Unfortunately the view from the window wasn’t very pleasant but not much you can do about that. I would recommend it. ,Date of stay: March 2018,4.0
385,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or385-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great location for theatre area,Great location for sight seeing! Perfect for restaurants and theater area. Walk to bond st shopping and more.  Rooms and staff were nice. Be sure to specify if you can’t go up/down a few stairs as that may impact room assignment.   ,Date of stay: March 2018,4.0
386,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or385-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Nothing Special,"Marketed as a 5-star hotel but really a 3 or 4-star hotel.  The Club Room staff are the only reason we stayed as they were all very helpful.   The restaurant staff were not good.  We had breakfast there on the morning of our departure and for some reason we were rushed out after finishing breakfast.  The restaurant had 2 other tables with patrons but was otherwise empty. In addition, they tried to charge us full price even though we were Club Level which provides a lower price.   The room we were given was dated, which did not help.   We have visited London consistently over the years and this is one of the more disappointing hotels at which we have stayed.  The best we can say is that the location cannot be beat.  But I would look for another hotel if you are heading to London…",Date of stay: February 2018,3.0
387,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or385-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Avoid at all costs - dreadful hotel - not to be trusted,"Appalling service, no customer care Pre booking requests not read Noisy hotel that places  pre paid guests in noisy rooms next to lifts Drunks in hotel keeping guests awake all night  I booked online and fully paid in advance for my wife and her friend to stay at this hotel as a present. My wife arrived with her ID and hotel booking confirmation but was told she needed to pay AGAIN  or she could not check in.   My wife was upset and called me, but when I called the hotel to try and resolve the issue  I was told the Duty Manager was too busy to speak with customers and I was asked if I could “ call back later”.   When I did manage to speak with  the Duty Manager, he said that I would have been told by the online agent that my wife needed to bring the card used for the original…",Date of stay: March 2018,1.0
388,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or385-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Great hotel location, but tired room.","This is a great situation for a London hotel; right on Piccadilly, around the corner from Piccadilly Circus and so very convenient to the West End.  The main lobby area, Club area, pool and breakfast dining area are very nice and appealing.  All of the staff were excellent and very helpful too.  The large Club room, though, was tired, with an inadequate air conditioning system meaning an uncomfortable nights sleep, which is a real pity for a hotel chain like this one.  Otherwise, this would have been a 4-star.",Date of stay: March 2018,4.0
389,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or385-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Solid Hotel,"It’s prime location is probably contributing to the gradual increase in room prices here. I am loyal spg member and find Le Meridien best value option of the hotels run by Starwood in London. Rooms are fine, service fine, bar is ok and the restaurant good for a meal. It doesn’t inspire me but doesn’t disappoint either!",Date of stay: March 2018,4.0
390,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or390-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Farewell afternoon tea,"Delicious sweets, specially the peanut butter macaroon. Finger sandwiches a little bland. Lovely staff, interesting tea selection. A nice place to treat a friend to a traditional afternoon tea. It doesn't disappoint.",Date of stay: March 2018,4.0
391,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or390-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Better visit this time,"Following a disappointing one night's stay in January, we were thrilled to be given a newly refurbished room this time which was really nice. It was spacious and well-equipped. The bathroom was large and the soaps and shampoos of good quality. We were particularly pleased at the improvements as we - like others - enjoy the very central location of this property and the terribly friendly and helpful staff. The hotel is only a few minutes walk from most of London's theatres and Soho, home to hundreds of restaurants and bars. I really don't think you could get more central and for those travelling from Heathrow, the Underground stop at Piccadilly is around 100yds from the hotel. Buses run from just in front of the hotel to the major museums and of course, the Tour Buses offer a…",Date of stay: March 2018,4.0
392,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or390-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Another visit, just as wonderful","I think this is my 3rd stay at this hotel.  This hotel is so convenient, you don't even need to take the Heathrow express, you can just take the piccadilly line direct and save yourself 20quid.  Got upgraded to the Club level bc of SPG status, and the room was so spacious, much bigger than the last couple of time.  Room was clean, friendly staff.  The only complaint was that this time I stayed the weekend and there was a wedding on Saturday night, I was on the 3rd floor and could still hear the music around 11:30/12midnight.  This suck a little bit since I needed to wake up around 5am for my flight.  Otherwise, wonderful hotel, wonderful stay.",Date of stay: March 2018,4.0
393,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or390-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Good location,The hotel is very central 100 m from Piccadilly.  Breakfast is expensive but very tasty with generous variety of good food.  The hotel has very small lobby and ii can be very helpful if it had a nice lobby to have some drinks after a day of shopping and sightseeing in London.  For $320 it’s an ok deal which I doubt if you can find any cheaper in that area.,Date of stay: March 2018,4.0
394,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or390-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Good location, nice staff","My husband booked this for a birthday/anniversary celebration. There was a slight room mix up initially, but this was resolved quickly.  The lifts are slightly irritating - inserting the key card to make them work is a requirement but in conversation (as we went up and down a few times !) other guests also said their cards had stopped working. Mine did and was reformatted quickly.  My husband was initially a bit disappointed at the lack of ‘wow’ factor in the room but the location and little extras - slippers, nice toiletries, bottled water, birthday wine - really enhanced the stay.   The bed was really comfortable, shower worked well, no issues with WiFi it TV and a handy little plug thing with USB and socket charging points on the desk meant we could leave the other stuff…",Date of stay: March 2018,4.0
395,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or395-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Special occasions,Returned to celebrate a golden wedding having originally stayed in 1968. We were greeted and treated with 100% service from the moment we arrived. Room was very comfortable and food in the restaurant was to die for.,Date of stay: March 2018,5.0
396,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or395-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Business Travel,"I stayed at this location back in April of 2017 for a week during a business trip. This is a fantastic property! My entire stay from start to finish was quick, easy, and comfortable. My room was a standard king size room and had plenty of room by European standards. the bathroom was very nice as well, something i am a stickler on. I had executive lounge access which is always nice. The food was high quality and plentiful, your standard continental breakfast, afternoon tea, and evening snacks.   You can not beat this location! the metro is right around the corner, easy walking distance to some of london's best spots, the theater district is at your feet, you can take a nice walk around town and see Buckingham palace, the eye, and loads of shopping. Highly recommend this place if…",Date of stay: April 2017,5.0
397,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or395-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, excellent breakfast,","Close to the tube, theaters, Piccadilly Circus, Buckingham Palace and Trafalgar Square.  Family room was spacious and comfortable with windows that were able to open.  Breakfast was a nice combination of hot foods, fruits, dairy and grains.  Service was excellent.",Date of stay: February 2018,5.0
398,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or395-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Urgent need for renovation,"I was booked for three days at Le Meridien Piccadilly but this hotel was far from 5 starts and my expectations when paying 300£ a night.   The bathroom sink had separated hot/cold cranes and the one for hot water was not fixed to the sink, it moved when I tried to turn it.  When using the shower water leaked out on the floor and with no drain the water was allover the floor.    I turned the air condition to max cold and went out for dinner, when I came back it was like a sauna in the room as the AC had been pushing warm instead of cold.     On my way out to dinner I asked to change room because this was far from acceptable standard, but I was told they were all full.  This is when I decided to cut my stay and checked out the next morning finding a better hotel just a few blocks…",Date of stay: January 2018,2.0
399,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or395-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Another exceptional stay!,"I completed my fourth weekend stay at Le Meridien Piccadilly and had another wonderful experience! Upon check-in, I was personally welcomed back to my ""home away from home"" by Stefan, who proceeded to personally escort me to my room as he has graciously done on previous visits. My SPG Platinum status was recognized, leading to an upgrade to a Junior Suite with Club Lounge access. I'd like to highlight the truly exceptional customer service provided by the following Lounge employees:  Thomas, Laura, Ingrid, Evgenios, and Theo. Whenever I visited the Lounge, I was treated like a member of the family and looked after so well. As previously stated in my former reviews, the location of the hotel is fantastic and just steps from a variety of bars, cafes, restaurants, theatres, and…",Date of stay: January 2018,5.0
400,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or400-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Wonderful,"Other than price, I can’t see staying anywhere else in London. The location is ideal, as most interesting things to see and do are within walking distance. The staff was terrific and friendly. The pool, steam room and gym were great for any hotel, let alone in the center of a major city. And the underground gets you from Heathrow to just about the hotel’s front door.",Date of stay: February 2018,5.0
401,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or400-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Big gym, good location, outdated room","Most reviewers mentioned the location as a big plus and I don't need to add anything on top of that. Another positive attribute of the hotel is the very large gym. It is magnitude bigger than most hotel gyms. Given the location in central London, it is particularly notable. Now the criticism, the rooms are very much in need of update and I don't mean another layer of paint. Upon inspection, you can see that they have repainted, at least room 303, a few times already. I would eyeball the last real renovation they did for the room was 20 years or more ago. I felt like I was staying at an elderly relative's home. Also, I was slightly taken aback from the window view. For whatever reason, they gave their SPG platinum member a room with only one small window that looks out to their…",Date of stay: February 2018,3.0
402,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or400-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Central Location,"Excellent service, they allowed early check in as I had just gotten in from the states. Room was airy, laundry service was quick and the housekeeping on point. The bar had good cocktails and outstanding food served quick. The location was central to everything in Mayfair and Soho.",Date of stay: March 2017,5.0
403,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or400-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Worst Le Meridien Hotel ever stayed,"Booked a triple share room during reservation, was proposed by SPG central reservation with Club room to accommodate third person in the room.   The Club room 101, has no difference to Deluxe room 102 except larger in room size. Additional roll-away bed was required for third person.  You may imagine how bad is the quality of the roll-away mattress charged at GBP 60/night, even for small Asian weight, the mattress unable to support the weight and touching the metal bars of bed frame. After suffered for first night, I called service center next day to ask for interim solution, I got an answer that this is a standard bed and nothing can be done. I insisted to send someone up to assess. I proposed to have double layers of mattress instead to the service staff who came to help.  …",Date of stay: January 2018,1.0
404,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or400-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Perfect Ruby Wedding Anniversary stay,"My wife and I have just spent 2 nights at the LM Piccadilly for our Ruby anniversary. The hotel is fabulous and in a perfect location as we had booked to see a show just up the road. As a nice gesture for our anniversary we were upgraded to a club room on the first floor as this floor has all just been refurbished. The room was perfect with a massive queen bed and the pillows were great, as I always have problems sleeping usually. The rain shower was great and the toiletries lovely. Our room was looking over the main road but you could not hear any traffic at all.  We had breakfast in the Terrace every day and the breakfast was everything you would expect from a hotel of this quality. All the staff from the reception, doorman, concierge and Terrace staff were very friendly and…",Date of stay: February 2018,5.0
405,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or405-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",It's still a great location and a nice hotel,"I know I've stayed there before and written about it, but I think it's only fair to repeat my view that LM Piccadilly is a great place to stay if you're looking for a location in the middle of the most exciting part of London with easy access to all the sights, parks and most Museums.   I was there in November and January and on both occasions I received great service from the very attentive staff. Yes, I know the rooms are not modern, but they fit the purpose if you're in town to enjoy all that London has to offer and are looking for a place to sleep and relax. Remember to bring your swimming gear, there's a pool in the basement waiting to be used:-).",Date of stay: January 2018,4.0
406,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or405-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Large and comfortable Family Room, great service","The ""family room"" sleeps four (2 adults and two children) and is very roomy, especially for a London hotel. It is almost like a large suite. The location of the hotel is fantastic, only steps from the underground and Piccadilly Circus. Service was friendly, professional.  We only had one problem, which was the long delay in room service, but the courteous hotel management took this off of our bill. The room was clean and comfortable. The front desk staff is great. Good breakfast (ours was included in our room package). All in all, a great place to stay, especially if you need a Family room.",Date of stay: January 2018,5.0
407,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or405-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Gym unhygienic ,I have been attending this gym regularly and have seen a real decline in standards and cleanliness. Expect more from Le Meridien hotels really disappointing I hope to see an improvement in standards soon                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ,Date of stay: January 2018,1.0
408,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or405-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Perfect location, stylishly modern","Overnight visit to London to see a show ('Dreamgirls' - stunning!!) Superb hotel location halfway between Piccadilly Circus and Fortnum & Mason, and a very charming and welcoming Reception staff. Particular thanks to Alex for the special arrangements he made to make this birthday treat even more enjoyable. Pleasant but not over-large room overlooking Piccadilly, with a good bathroom. A fair selection at the buffet breakfast but, for example, no choice of eggs, only scrambled, unless you choose a la carte, and surprise that there are no hot plates provided for the hot food. A 5-star hotel should be paying attention to details like this. Overall a very good choice, and we would visit again.",Date of stay: January 2018,5.0
409,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or405-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Very Disappointed ,"First what is good: Location. The restaurant, and staff, which is why the average rating. What’s bad: The room. Filthy carpet, mildew on the bathroom, shoddy furniture and stains on ceiling. We normally stay in the Cavendish as my husband comes once a month on business and I join him. I suggested we say at LeMeridien because we are Marriott/SPG members. The Cavendish is just down the road and much nicer for the price.  I am so surprised since we have stayed in the Parker in NYC and Le Meridian Montparnasse In Paris, both beautiful hotels. This will be the first and last time in this location. ",Date of stay: January 2018,3.0
410,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or410-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great experience,Just back from this hotel. Great location in central London. Great staff and in particular Theo and Alex at reception. Both great ambassadors for the hotel. A wonderful atmosphere and the hotel has p!entry to offer. Room was very comfortable. Will be back for sure.,Date of stay: January 2018,5.0
411,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or410-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Pleasant stay over Christmas,"Family of four with 2 daughters (6 and 10) for a quick stay in London over Christmas.  Pre-trip....  Wrote the property with a few question ahead of the trip. I was impressed that they got back to me promptly and answered most of my questions. Unfortunately they didn't respond to my question concerning the possibility of purchasing Club Lounge access as our room didn't have it included. I wrote back once again with my enquiry and my email went unanswered. I just dropped the idea after that.  Arrival...  We arrived a few hours early with the intention of dropping the bags and heading out. Happily they had a room ready to go and got us in right away (always appreciated when travelling with family). Check in was rather standard, passports, swipe the credit card, sign a paper or 2…",Date of stay: December 2017,4.0
412,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or410-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Nice hotel, bad attitude at reception",It’s very seldom when we’ve got sc bad service but this time Le Meridien did not meet our exceptations and waitings. When it goes wrong from first moment at reception it’s very hard to fix it during three nights stay. If I book a stay from 4-5 star hotel I think it’s also okay to wait greetings at door and polite advise for example when asking directions to club-room ... Good thing was the location but thats about it. Room was also suprisingly spacey but it can’t help if the staffs attitude is not even average,Date of stay: November 2017,2.0
413,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or410-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great place,"Having stayed in the property before, I was hoping to have another excellent experience again.  I a will have to say the property didn’t disappoint.  My daughters and I had a great room and the staff was great.  The location is great especially for NYE.  ",Date of stay: January 2018,4.0
414,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or410-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",The worst night sleep I've ever had,"There is quite honestly NOTHING special about this hotel, which is a crying shame given the reputation that the Le Meridien brand has for being chic and stylish with a touch of luxury.  The a/c in my room simply doesn't work. It has two settings....cool and heat, and neither of them work. The're no proper thermostat that one can set the exact temperature settings. When I entered my room it was like an oven. I left the a/c on to cool the room when I left for dinner, but it was just as hit when I returned. Opening the windows meant I could hear all the traffic noise which meant I was kept awake from the baking heat and/or the traffic outside.  The rooms are spartan, minibar was minimally appointed and the bathroom was filthy. There was beard stubble and hair in the washhand basin…",Date of stay: January 2018,3.0
415,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or415-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Good central London hotel,"We usually stay in the HI Mayfair which is just down the road.  Thought we'd try something new, so we booked the Le M for a west-end x-mas trip.  Restaurant and common areas were a step-up form the HI, but our room was not.  Room was small and simple as was the bathroom.  We noted a dirty flannel had been left in our room after house keeping had prepared our room.  Our first morning at breakfast I saw a loose power cable from the wall to the food service island, which was a dangerous trip hazard, especially for the old or very young.  Second morning it had been taped down.  However, tape is not the right thing to use, a fine heel could pierce this tape and cable and potential cause a fire .  It should have been covered by a rubber bridge designed for this application.  For the…",Date of stay: December 2017,3.0
416,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or415-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Christmas Stay 2017,"We booked this ""5"" star hotel as an especial treat as we hadn't been on holiday in 2017. As two of our party are disabled we needed to have one in the room with us and the other needed a single room. We made an initial booking and were told that we would have to upgrade one of the rooms to a club room to accommodate an extra bed. This seemed reasonable so we did that main the charge for accommodation £2780.  We checked in on 23/12/17 and were shown to two rooms one of which was the ""club room"" To access room the room you had to negotiate three steps which was difficult for a woman in a wheelchair! There wasn't even enough room for the wheelchair let alone an additional bed. I went down and after some disagreement they identified another room where an additional bed could be…",Date of stay: December 2017,2.0
417,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or415-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great Location. Great infrastructure. So so room.,"In the heart of it all. Walking distance to most major London attractions. Piccadilly, Covent Garden, Regent Street, Trafalgar Square, Leicester Square, Buckingham Palace, Hyde Park, Westminster Abbey, Regent's Park, etc... Honestly, you can get pretty much anywhere by walking. If you prefer the underground, the Piccadilly Circus Tube Station is 50m away. Besides that, the hotel has a great swimming pool, steam room, squash courts and probably the best gym I've ever seen in a hotel. I have stayed in a standard room and for that I wouldn't rate it as a 5 stars hotel. But for the rest, definitely.",Date of stay: December 2017,5.0
418,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or415-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent hotel at Piccadilly Circus ,"New Years Eve and New Year’s Day in the Hart of London West End- big modern decorated rooms and suites, very comfortable beds, clean and equipped ditch all toiletries bathrooms! The very best location for New Ayers celebrations- at Piccadilly Circus and on Piccadilly boulevard- best place watching the New Years Parade- the biggest one in the world!",Date of stay: January 2018,5.0
419,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or415-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",afternoon tea disaster,booked for a new year afternoon tea plain sandwiches no flavour stale left over xmas cakes complete with snowmen and xmas trees attached! dry cold scones ... just one cup of tea no top up... really awful ... worst in london ... ignored my complaint .. paid and left never to return!,Date of stay: January 2018,1.0
420,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or420-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Location! Location!,"After traveling around Morocco for 12 days, we traveled back to London for New Years before traveling back to the states. We stayed 3 nights at Le Meridian Piccadilly with our daughters ages 14 and 11.  It was so relaxing and refreshing to sleep at after our Morocco trip.  The beds were cozy and comfy.  The bathrooms were small but well stocked. The thermostat was easy to manage. The gym was nice. The pool is the largest in London and quite enjoyable.    Since I wanted to shop, the location was perfect.  We had adjoining rooms with a view of the London Eye.  We spent New Years Eve at the hotel having dinner and then retired to our room and watched the fire works.  It was spectacular.  The next morning, New Years Day, the streets were blocked off for the parade. We had a blast…",Date of stay: January 2018,5.0
421,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or420-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent location and great staff when needed most,"The location of this hotel is excellent.  Near many restaurants, shopping, theater, and subway to take you anywhere.  Our room was nice sized and comfortable.  But where the Le Meridien Piccadilly stood out for us was how the staff was quick to react and help us, and make us feel very safe during a subway scare in November.  We were caught in the middle of it, and when we made our way back to the hotel, we were greeted by staff with a secure hotel and updates on the situation.  We were escorted to get refreshments, and then to our room.  We felt as safe as we could possibly feel at that point!    Thank you for a comfortable stay, and for taking care of us when we needed it most!",Date of stay: November 2017,5.0
422,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or420-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Le Meridian Oops!,"Great location and that’s where the fun stops.  After checking into our suite we found that there were no dresser drawers-none nada. A request for a dresser was met by befuddlement.  I guess they expect guests to place their folded clothes on the couch or on the floor.   Upon visiting the “special club floor” for invited hotel guests we were told that complimentary alcoholic beverages were served on a rotational basis. Our first day was whiskey day, the next was vodka day and so on. When I suggested that an amenity should not be designed to irritate or confuse guests, I was greeted by a knowing smile that I was not the first to make that recommendation.   When I asked the concierge about show tickets I was told that tickets for this particular show were completely sold out…",Date of stay: December 2017,1.0
423,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or420-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Perfect location but to many unnecessary hick ups during the stay,"Came in the middle of december for shopping and fun with the kids for a couple of days. Check in was slow and we werent assigned the room before 16:25 which is too late. The hotel has a perfect location, we always stay in this area wich is close to Regent street and just a couple of hundred meters from Picadilly. Lovely entrance and foaje, excellent breakfast. We got a lovely spacious room at the top floor, no floor heating in the bathroom, but except that the room was perfect. The room service was terrible! Food was tasteless, unappetising and very expensive. We ordered roomservice twice, both times it was terrible. To add insult to injury it took over an hour to get the food delivered every time. This was also the case when we one day had lunch in the restaurant, the food took…",Date of stay: December 2017,4.0
424,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or420-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Good location, poor hotel","Location is excellent for visitors, hotel staff are pretty good, but rooms desperately need a remodel. For the prices this hotel charges, there's no excuse for the old dated room I received. This was a ""club room"" that cost an extra 40 pounds a night where the windows faced directly into the windows of the building next door, the bathroom was small and old, with a big old radiator in the room providing heat.  Positives: The lounge is quite good, staff are friendly and competent, and they gave me an early check-in which was appreciated.   Please renovate all the rooms, I'm an SPG Plat and wasn't impressed. I understand some rooms are renovated, but only a handful of them.",Date of stay: December 2017,2.0
425,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or425-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great location but room needed a refurb ,"The hotel is really well located, on Piccadilly, just a 5 minute walk to regent street; and the west end.  The staff are helpful and friendly.  The room we had was a bit tired, the bath was a little rusty and the TV didn’t work. Plus the couple next door were audible, even though they weren’t being noisy.   ",Date of stay: December 2017,3.0
426,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or425-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",No better than Premier Inn and what star is this supposed to be???,"Excepting a wonderful weekend with my husband before the Christmas mayhem but got no more than I would receive from a Premier Inn. Here is the list of in isolation minor but in a large quantity not acceptable .... Room was tiny, bathrobe disgusting - big stain on the front, breakfast cold and over cooked, poor behaviour of drunken guests not dealt with, bar bill contested and at £9 a measure! Couldn’t taste the spirit when apparently they had 100mls in??? The big question will I come back or recommend? NEVER!!",Date of stay: December 2017,1.0
427,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or425-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Close to attractions; clean!,"So far everything was good. It is the case in England that most hotels are old and thus have come into the years, but Le Meridien is till in good shape! The staff is good, especially Alex from the reception. Breakfast is good, but it could be a little better regarding the broadness of the food. However, to order an egg or a freshly brewed coffee can be quite a time consuming action (the process is also for the employee a run over several paper hurdles)!",Date of stay: December 2017,4.0
428,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or425-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Le Meridien Piccadilly is the best,"Le Meridien Piccadilly helped us when our flight was cancelled. They provided us two rooms, toothbrushes, toothpastes, a comb, wake up calls, taxi ordering and coffee. Thanks to the staff our short visit was most enjoyable.",Date of stay: December 2017,5.0
429,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or425-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",My experience  at  Le Meridien Piccadilly,"In December 2017 I stayed for a few days at Le Meridien Piccadilly while I was visiting London.  My experience there was wonderful.  In choosing a hotel, I wanted to pick one that was centrally located.  This hotel was perfect because it was in the center of town so close to everything.  The room was spacious and clean and I enjoyed looking out of the window and seeing a great view of London.  It was very convenient to be able to walk to many of the attractions that this spectacular city has to offer.   In the morning we ate a very lovely breakfast with a wide variety of choices.  We were certainly filled up as we began our sightseeing tour around the city.    The best part of our stay was the treatment that we received from the Guest Liaison Executive named Audrey Demerville. …",Date of stay: December 2017,5.0
430,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or430-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Location, location","When, oh when will the much needed investment be made in this grand old lady? The location is undeniably perfect - central for everything you could possibly want for a weekend in London. Our room was also huge by central London standards. However, the room was very tired, the beds are not comfortable, the rooms are noisy (banging doors from other rooms), the furniture is old, the bathrooms need decorating. The room was clean, but the plugs are all in the wrong place. I know the rooms are being upgraded having stayed in a refurbed one before, but there needs to be a major overhaul. The staff are always excellent, but not sure will stay here again for a while. ",Date of stay: December 2017,4.0
431,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or430-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Nice,We arrived earlier than expected and they let us into our rooms early. Good service and place seemed homey and had a nice view.  It was in a very convenient spot in Piccadilly Circus and was around all the big streets and shops. ,Date of stay: December 2017,4.0
432,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or430-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Friendly staff, overly expensive menu/ drinks, not what I was expecting","Once off the tube at Piccadilly, it is a quick walk to the hotel (opposite Waterstones). The reception is large and airy. We have never before queued at reception to book in, to be walked to be checked in in a little side office. The room was large, warm and airy. A surprise gift of some cakes as it was my birthday, and a card gave a personal touch. A quick drink at the bar (glass of wine and a bottle of Becks), just shy of £20!!!! We looked at the breakfast menu and the English breakfast was £27ea!!! Luckily it was included in the deal, or it would have been elsewhere in the morning.  Sunday morning, breakfast at 10am. It was quite chaotic, as though a weekend doesn't come around every week and they didn't expect the customers. Breakfast was self service, not something I would…",Date of stay: December 2017,3.0
433,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or430-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Not quite spectacular but meal saved by a wonderful waiter,We selected the Terrace restaurant from the book a table app because of the great price on the set meal. Eventually we got what we expected thanks in no small part to a wonderful waiter Hulusi. However although they didn’t appear to be that busy we have to wait to be greeted to begin with and there were several waits for wine and between courses and also we didn’t get the free Prosecco and mince pie that were included. However the food we did it was first rate and we will definitely go back again perhaps in the summer when the view should be extraordinary. Hopefully next time we will post a five star review. ,Date of stay: December 2017,4.0
434,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or430-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Sub-par rooms at excellent location!,"I love Le Meridién. I just don't love this one. While the entrance, lobby and service-level of front office officers were impeccable, the same can not be said about the rooms. When booking a 5-star hotel, you naturally expect 5-star hotel rooms and sadly, this was not the case when my brother and I checked in. On top of that, we were checked in at 4th floor, despite inquiries for a room at a higher level. The room was small, the bathroom not updated for quite some time, however the climate was fine and the beds comfy.   May I suggest that when booking a Christmas Party at 2nd floor, you push ALL guests not part of this party several floors up? The beats from the otherwise good music were going until 2AM, as I recall. However, no need to be critic of the concierge service who…",Date of stay: December 2017,3.0
435,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or435-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Bonus break,"Fantastic hotel in an unbeatable location, in the heart of swinging London. Walking distance to all major sightseeing spots, shopping, theaters and restaurants. Old style London architecture with modern hotel standard. ",Date of stay: November 2017,4.0
436,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or435-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Wonderful English Afternoon tea,We booked an English afternoon tea here and this was such a lovely experience. Le Meridien Hotel offers afternoon teas on the covered balcony overlooking Piccadilly street. The service is friendly and the tea treats are lovely. Theres a selection of Brunch savouries as well as scones with jam and cream and finally the  compulsory sweet treats which in this case were miniature red velvet cupcake and chocolate moose filled eggs. There’s a choice to select bottomless Prosecco if you prefer this to Tea and coffee. Price is very reasonable. Bookings were easy to arrange online.    ,Date of stay: December 2017,5.0
437,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or435-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Not as good as I thought ,I booked a twin room for me and my collegue. When we arriverat we got A queen ned with one sheet. Not ok. I spent one hour at the desk but then did not want to help at all. According to them It was all My fault. And the hotel was full. They have me the option to get another room at Sheraton for additional 500+ pounds per night without refund. So dissapointed. The rooms were a bit old and smelled bad too. There are hundreds of better hotel choices on London. ,Date of stay: November 2017,2.0
438,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or435-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Terrible.,"We popped in for some tea, everything was a chore. At the start we were acknowledged but then nobody came to take our order. The tea we finally ordered took ages to arrive, we could see it sitting on the bar yet nobody was bringing it. My father was wondering whether to go fetch it himself in the end. We had to ask 3 different people to bring the tray to us, which finally happened. Then who would believe that procuring the bill was so difficult! Again, had to ask 3 different people- none of whom brought it. In the end we left the money on the table and walked out as we had a dinner reservation and waiting for the bill for so long was going to make us late. Such a humiliating experience for such a well regarded hotel.",Date of stay: November 2017,1.0
439,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or435-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",The oak rooms 11/10,Had my work due at the oakrooms. It was very lovely and spacious. The decor was very classy. The food was lovely. I didn’t really enjoy the desert. But it didn’t take away from the complete experience. Colleagues also enjoyed. Would definitely recommend to any company looking to host a classy work do. ,Date of stay: December 2017,5.0
440,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or440-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Time for a new manager maybe.,Booked two double rooms via BA for three nights.   When we arrived they couldn't offer a double  but two single beds for one of the rooms which we had to accept. The other room didn't have the heating working and they sent a heater till they fixed it in the morning. The next morning we reminded them of the heating and they said they would fix it. We arrived in the evening and realized they hadn't  so we complained again. They offered a second heater which we refused. The next day we found the maintenance guy trying to sort the heating problem out   at 4pm who finally told us that he couldn't fix it. I complained to reception and told them they shouldn't have offered the room as they must have known the problem. Funnily enough the heating enclosure made a rumbling noise even…,Date of stay: November 2017,3.0
441,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or440-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent stay!,"I just completed my second weekend stay this year at Le Meridien Piccadilly and had another outstanding experience. A special thank you to Stefan, Thomas, and Ingrid who made my stay all the more enjoyable by their hospitality and service. As an SPG Platinum member, I was upgraded to a suite on the 4th floor and provided complimentary Lounge access which is always appreciated. I look forward to my return visit in January!",Date of stay: November 2017,5.0
442,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or440-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Wonderful Hotel,"This hotel and all of its associates are very warm and friendly. From entering the hotel to leaving nothing is too much trouble. The food is wonderful and the bar staff all go out of there way to make your stay very pleasurable.   The hotel is very well situated for everything shopping ,traveling and theatre .  ",Date of stay: November 2017,5.0
443,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or440-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Pleasantly surprised ! ,"Was really worrying after some of the reviews but there was nothing in fact to worry about guy called David checked us in couldn't of been more friendly, luckily we had a executive room it had been refurbished and was huge with everything you needed in there on top floor with great views  Executive lounge was great plenty of food and drinks on offer and wine beer etc from 5 30 till 7 30 , young  guy and  girl working in there there were so friendly and seemed genuinely happy to be looking after us . Breakfast was in a lovely setting and lots of choice healthy options etc  Goes without saying that this hotel is in an amazing location . ",Date of stay: November 2017,5.0
444,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or440-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Excellent location, fabulous service ","I stayed here with four friends for a long weekend. We couldn’t have rated the place higher. The location is perfect and the staff are so friendly and warm. Nothing was too much trouble for them. They’re constantly smiling and asking if we needed anything. They gave great restaurant recommendations and even helped us get an earlier reservation than we had booked ourselves. My friends and I loved the smell in the lobby. We’d love to buy that scent! Book this place, you won’t regret it. The rooms are bright and airy. The toiletries are top class, the shower is powerful. The breakfast was really nice, the only negative was that the breakfast coffee wasn’t as strong as we would have liked-but that is a personal preference. Thank you Le Meridien, I will be back. I will bring my…",Date of stay: November 2017,5.0
445,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or445-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Convenient location, adequate room.","I stayed 2 nights at Le Meridien Piccadilly and found that the location very convenient as it is walking distance to many tourist areas, including shopping, theaters, the underground and major bus stops. But at night, the area is crowded. The lobby of the hotel is large and the front desk people are well trained in providing excellent customer service.   Unfortunately, my room was one of the non-renovated ones but it is still adequate. I have stayed in other hotels in the area and the rooms at Le Meridien Piccadilly is much smaller so there aren’t much space for simple things like storage.   Due to the small size of the room, the layout of furniture is very tight and the TV is placed in way that is not optimum for viewing by 2 people while sitting on different beds. The beds are…",Date of stay: October 2017,3.0
446,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or445-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Great Location, Okay Hotel","We stayed at the Le Meridien Piccadilly due to its great location as it is right beside the Piccadilly Line Tube station that you can take directly from Heathrow and dead in the centre of London from where you can walk almost anywhere. The check-in was good although I am Starwood Gold member and I was not informed of a Club Lounge I could use although I gather there is one on the property. Our room was okay but rather outdated. We were spoiled as we had just left the Adlon Kempinski in Berlin and it was outstanding and I'm afraid the Meridien was not able to compete at all. The plumbing in the very dated bathroom was poor. The sink took forever to drain even after totally removing the stopper and the flushing of the toilet was only okay. Great shower pressure, though. The bed…",Date of stay: November 2017,4.0
447,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or445-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great for us,"I had seen mixed reviews on TripAdvisor, so booked here with mixed feelings.  The location was the sealer.  Our room was large, quiet (faced some sort of side alley), & we found the staff to be very helpful.  There is room for improvement - it is an old building converted for purpose, but we were very happy we stayewd here.",Date of stay: June 2017,5.0
448,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or445-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Pleasant Afternoon Tea,"I took my cousin for an Afternoon Tea. Staff were welcoming, seating was comfortable dim lighting and it was a bit quiet on that day so we got all the attention. Waitress came over and over again if we needed to be refilled which was really good. I would highly recommend this place if you were to invite a guest. Only thing was scones were served cold. They should serve them warm and wrapped in napkins to keep them warm. Apart from this every thing was 5*.",Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
449,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or445-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Perfect location,"It's a five star hotel belongings to the northamerican company Marriott. Located in the center of the city, within walking distance to Piccadilly Circus, Chinatown, Regents street, Oxford street and Hyde Park. The perfect place to be if you want everything near and with good connections of transport. The employees makes the hotel special, through they efforts and dedication it's a must!  Rooms impecable and breakfast in the 2nd floor with nice views. Love to come back one day. ¡Muchas gracias!",Date of stay: October 2017,5.0
450,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or450-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",MEDIOCRE MERIDIEN,"Perfect location, and a real nice staff. ( Club ) room on the 8th floor so spectacular view. The smallest over the bath tub shower I have seen in my life, and a shower head leaking water......I had to jump up and down just to get wet.......Very bad coffee, in the room as well as on the mezzanine where they serve some breakfast in the morning.",Date of stay: November 2017,3.0
451,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or450-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great location but disappointing,"This hotel is in a great location for attending the theater and shopping. But it is definitely not a 5-Star hotel as advertised. My request for one of the ""remodeled"" rooms in a quiet location was met but it was the size of a postage stamp. Being a SPG  Preferred guest booking 4 nights, I expected one of the larger remodeled rooms like my associate received for the one night she stayed there. However, the bathroom was large and very nicely remodeled. The ""maid service"" (daily room cleaning)was very inconsistent:  One day they failed to replenish the instant coffee. Another day they failed to replace the face cloths. Another day they failed to replenish the body lotion, and one day they did not replace or clean a used coffee cup.( I will say that the front desk did bring me the…",Date of stay: October 2017,3.0
452,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or450-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, nothing outstanding but a good place to stay.","Stayed here just for one night in October. Great location and nice building, our room was ok, nice comfortable bed, if a rather tiny bathroom, surprisingly quiet considering it overlooked Piccadilly so a very good nights sleep!  The breakfast was very good, I judge hotel breakfasts on the scrambled eggs which are quite often dire but theirs was pretty good! Plenty of choice and helpful pleasant serving staff.  The only thing that lets it down we thought was the pool, it's in the basement so a bit dark and dingey, I wouldn't call it a 'Spa', no Jacuzzi, no sauna (that we could find?), just a steam room that had an out of order sign on the door so that was a bit disappointing.   Otherwise a reasonable stay, not bad for London prices and a really good location.",Date of stay: October 2017,4.0
453,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or450-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Great Hotel, Central and Spa is Awesome","Stayed here for a couple of nights and found it great. Service was spot on, nothing was to much trouble and the Spa/Pool was great to relax in each night.  Breakfast is very special in the roof conservatory. ",Date of stay: November 2016,5.0
454,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or450-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great Location,"Love this hotel! Location, service and staff is first class. Room accommodations were great! Clean, well kept and maintained. From Housekeeping to Front Desk to the gentlemen at Concierge first class service! I am coming back to London in the new year and will definitely rebook!",Date of stay: September 2017,5.0
455,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or455-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Some great and not so great things about this hotel,"I am a Platinum for life SPG member and also a W Residence owner so I love the Starwood brand and have stayed in many hotels around the world.  Let me start with the things that are great about this property: 1.  Staff is amazing, warm, kind, attentive.  My housekeeper kept everything perfect and everyone I spoke with was very friendly and helpful.   2.  Location can't be beat if you want to experience the lively tourist area which I love. 3.   Lobby and bar area are very nice. 4.  The Club Lounge is awesome for breakfast and free wine and appetizers in the evening.   5.  Gym and indoor pool are great.  Now, for the not so great:  They have only renovated 1/2 of the floors of the hotel.  When I arrived I was told that a renovated room was not available but i had a ""lovely"" room…",Date of stay: October 2017,4.0
456,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or455-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Definitely not worth it!,"Part of the rooms are outdated and definitely not of a 5* level. bathroom ridiculously small and almost dirty. We asked for a refurbished one (7th floor) and we could change rooms (but lost 1/2hour for this). The other one was clearly better, clean and new. Breakfast is nothing special at all. You can order things from the kitchen but we were told it was not included in our room (which was actually incorrect). I ordered eggs benedict, good but not amazing. Will definitely not come back.",Date of stay: October 2017,2.0
457,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or455-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great bank holiday stay,"Booked a last minute room for bank holiday weekend. This hotel is in a great location and the service from the staff was very good. The room was nice, a twin on the front however a little noisy from a party happening below or in the courtyard. Breakfast was good. I would stay again.",Date of stay: August 2017,4.0
458,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or455-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Fantastic Hotel and location,"Right in the heart of Piccadilly! You can literally walk to Buckingham Palace, Westminster, Trafalgar Square and Hyde Park from the hotel. Underground access steps away as well. Staff is helpful and knowledgeable and room was newly remodeled.",Date of stay: September 2017,5.0
459,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or455-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Terrible Management,"This was our anniversary trip. We broke the bank and splurged a lot to stay with this hotel, to stay in the center of London, on our trip of a lifetime which we had both dreamt about doing, and we had faith it would all be worth it. Unfortunately, we were treated so poorly by staff and management alike and it was such a disappointment.   Don't waste your money here.",Date of stay: September 2017,1.0
460,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or460-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Great Location, good rooms but the front staff lets it all down.","We arrived a Thursday at 3PM. At check in a deorganized staff informed us that there was no rooms available because they were not cleaned yet. The check in staff couldnt even give us a approximate time we could expect the room. We weren't too happy about it but had to accept. They took our bags to holding and I asked them to call us as soon as our room was ready. He just grunted Yes without any further appologies that we couldnt get our room on time. After walking about the town for 2 hours without any call, we decided to go back to check how long it would take further until our room was ready. As we approeched the check in desk we weren't even noticed by the staff that stood on one side talking to each other. As I made myself heard, I asked about our room. The staff answered; ""…",Date of stay: October 2017,2.0
461,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or460-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Birthday treat ,"We stayed this weekend for a birthday treat as part of a ATG theatre break We arrived before lunch and the hotel kindly stored our bags so we could run off to the theatre.  We arrived back around 6pm and had a warm welcome from reception, check in was quick and simple and we were told we had been upgraded due to my partners birthday. The room was easy to find and was large and luxurious, I love the London map wallpaper and huge bed! The hotel had kindly put some small treats and a bottle of Prosecco in the room which was a lovely touch We went out for dinner and came back to the hotel bar for a nightcap, pleasant atmosphere but £17 was a little pricy for two drinks Great nights sleep in the really comfy bed Breakfast was fine but not the wow that the rest of the stay had been,…",Date of stay: October 2017,4.0
462,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or460-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Pay for the location,"This hotel is in a perfect location for visiting central London and the west end. It's close to the shopping areas, the theatres, parks and attractions. All within walking distance. It's next door to the underground and gives great access to the wider transport systems. However, after that the hotel is a bit of a let down for a five star. Our room was a good size and had all the necessary things like minibar, safe, TV, free wifi, iron and board etc. Just what you would expect in a five star. But the bathroom was terrible, small and tired with little room to swing a cat and certainly no better than 2/3 star standard. The other thing about this hotel was the breakfast was extremely disappointing. We paid extra to have it included but really would have been better going out to a…",Date of stay: October 2017,3.0
463,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or460-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Very disappointing,Let's start with the positives: the location is amazing and the linens were luxurious and soft so sleep quality was excellent.   The rest is a let down. A bath that looked as if a grenade had been let off in it. The food at breakfast was disappointing though the restaurant is very pleasant.  All in all too expensive for the quality. The trade-off is the location,Date of stay: October 2017,2.0
464,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or460-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, mediocre room","Yes, the location of this hotel is wonderful and convenient.  Our room was a disappointment.  Our room was small.  Very small.  Our water pressure was a problem-the faucet had to be spun several times before the water would even come on.  We had a single sink and cracked tiles on the bathroom floor.  For this expensive of a hotel, I expect better. Step it up, Meridien!",Date of stay: September 2017,3.0
465,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or465-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",just right,"Compfortable bed, Polite staff and nice surroundings. Great location, What more can I say. The bathroom was everything it is meant to be although the towel rail didn't work. It had the biggest television I've seen in a modest room but who wants to watch T.V. when your in the West End?",Date of stay: October 2017,4.0
466,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or465-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Our stay at Le Meridien was excellent,"Despite very mixed reviews we booked our September stay at Le Meridien for its location.  What a wonderful surprise we had.  As Platinum members we were upgraded to a spacious room in a quiet location. Lounge access was a real bonus and hotel staff were extremely pleasant from the front desk to the concierge to housekeeping.  Nothing was too much trouble.  Location, of course, is superb with easy access by tube, buses and ample taxis.  Additional conveniences were that there were many choices of good restaurants within  walking distance and we did not have to wait for cabs or transport after the theatres. We visit London often and look forward to our next visit to Le Meridien.",Date of stay: September 2017,5.0
467,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or465-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Location Location Location ,"My wife and I stayed here for 5 nights.  Staff was friendly and attentive.  This hotel is less than a block from Piccadilly Circus station and central to shopping and theatre.  We went to the theatre every night and felt safe walking the short distance back to Le Meridien.  We use green choice so only had our room made up once.  The housekeeper was amazing.  She saw to all our needs.  We used the executive club on the mezzanine every morning which was easy, clean and quick.  We took advantage of the Illy coffee machine many times.  We will be back to London and will only stay here!😀",Date of stay: October 2017,5.0
468,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or465-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Good Location - Poor Service - Very very very old - No regard for Platinum SPG,"Stayed two nights here in Sept.  The only positive about the hotel is it's location.  It's really good.  Can walk all around town from this hotel so need to be very honest about this.  Rooms are extremely old.  Very very very old.  This hotel feels very worn and used.  I had an extremely small room.  Zero upgrade.  Zero priority despite being SPG platinum.  Poor all around.  Service was bad - not helpful and unfriendly.  Hotel will continue to do well because of location, but it's not a business hotel.  If you don't need to spend much time in the hotel then I suppose it works.",Date of stay: September 2017,2.0
469,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or465-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Afternoon tea,Overall the afternoon tea was nice.  The cakes were  ok.  We had a vegetarian spread. Sandwiches were basic with cheese and hummus type fillings.  The view was lovely and was the the surrounding.service was good as well.  ,Date of stay: October 2017,4.0
470,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or470-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Awful Hotel with rude staff,"Staying here for three nights and the hotel is not good. Very tired and dated decor and rooms. The reception staff are rude and unhelpful. I tried to check in without my husband who had booked the room and they wouldn't let me in the room, but even with ID in the same family name and address as the booking, so I was made to wait 45 mins in reception. They made me feel like a prostetute and didn't apologise. Whilst I was waiting I notice they have a scam, whereby if you book a classic room they put you in a twin and try and charge to upgrade to a double. They tried to do this to us but lucky our booking said twin or double, not that they bothered to ask which we would prefer. The receptionist also didn't ask if we were Star Awards members",Date of stay: October 2017,1.0
471,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or470-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Why here? (NFLers don't flinch),"Location, Location,  Location. Look on a map, the location is outstanding. I'm from the States, it's close to everything, or a nice walk or tube ride away. We had a great time eating, walking. visiting, touristing  ( yes I made up that word), drinking and having a great time in London. It seriously is a great location,  that why I chose it. I took the tube to Wembley for saints v dolphins.  THE HOTEL, it nice, a little tired,safe , good staff, good concierge, people trying to please you in a great LOCATION.  Pillows need help. I stayed and will stay again.",Date of stay: October 2017,4.0
472,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or470-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Fantastic location and public spaces, but rooms are mixed","I think the main reason to stay at the Le Meridien Piccadilly is location - you can walk to a lot (theaters, SoHo, St. James, Embankment, the Strand, many of the major tourist attractions, key train stations, etc.) but you also aren't right in the middle of the chaos that is Piccadilly.   It's also worth staying here is you are someone who uses hotel common spaces, such as the gym and/or club lounge. The hotel has one of the best hotel gyms I have ever seen in the world, including a nice pool for laps. It does get a bit busy at peak times because they sell memberships, which is less than ideal, but it seems that most of the guests aren't making use of it so it's not chaotic. I'm yet to actually have to wait for a machine, so it is not a functional issue so much as it is a…",Date of stay: August 2017,4.0
473,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or470-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Check in ridiculas,Checked in at 3.10 told no rooms available...i said I was here for a 1 night theatre stay so had dinner reservation early. Was told I could sit in the club lounge untill i go to the dinner reservation...go to dinner then come back and a room should be ready. Said not happy with this I need to freshen up.. was told I could freshen up in the health club. Said I haven't paid to stay at a 5star hotel to get ready in health club. Finally got a room but not the service I expect...ruined the start of a good weekend. ,Date of stay: October 2017,2.0
474,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or470-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",A pleasure and delight,"Always a rare treat to float into the world of smiling customer service, elegance and the awesome swimming room in the fitness centre. The location is as central as it gets! My preferred stay twice a year.",Date of stay: June 2017,5.0
475,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or475-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great location and a very pleasant stay!,"We just completed a 5-night stay on my first trip to London. I deliberately chose the Piccadilly Circus location as it provided us easy access to a multitude of activities, restaurants and close proximity to a major Tube station. We are Starwood Platinum, but weren't offered an upgraded room. Nonetheless, our room was quiet, good sized and comfortable. My only complaint about the room and bathroom were a slight lack of storage space. There were no drawers of any kind in the bedroom, just three cubby hols on the closet for small items. The bath was large with a window and radiant heat towel warmers, but for a bath that size, it was a struggle for the two of us to find horizontal space for our bath items.  As a Platinum member, we were allowed access to the Lounge, which was…",Date of stay: September 2017,5.0
476,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or475-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, lounge, service and food","I always stay there when I go to London. Great location, great service and food is superb. Always come back to see familiar faces - great concierge staff always welcoming you! Rooms are very comfortable, especially in the newly renovated wing. Club rooms packages are the best, with unlimited access to the lounge and unlimited wifi, great continental breakfast ...",Date of stay: October 2017,5.0
477,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or475-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great place family or business!,"Stayed here for two nights last month on my business trip! Great welcome, service and upgraded to a junior suite which was really spacious !! Had a good view from my room as well !  This is centrally located for shopping , attractions , restaurants etc. great bar and restaurants !  ",Date of stay: September 2017,5.0
478,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or475-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great Property in a Great Location,"Located in the heart of London - 1 minute to Piccadilly Tube Station, surrounded by great shopping, 2 minute walk to SOHO nightlife, easy walk to Buckingham Palace and great restaurant areas.  Staff was friendly and attentive at every turn, even when they had to step up ""wand scanning"" after a terror attack on the Tube.  The room was large, clean and comfortable.  Took a while to get the right temperature as the thermostat only has ""warmer/Colder"" on dial, not a temp setting.  Water pressure in the shower was a bit low, but not unusual with a historic property.",Date of stay: September 2017,5.0
479,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or475-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Great Location, Lounge but the Rooms…","You can’t beat the location of the Le Meridean Piccadilly close to restaurants, shops, London attractions, Tube stop, and playhouses in the West End. The hotel also has one of the largest pools in London, a gym and steam room. There is also a nice lounge which offers free appetizers and drinks in the evening. As a Platinum SPG member, we were  upgraded to a full suite using our Suite Night Awards (SNA). The room had a mildew smell and had big stains on the carpet. The heater wasn’t working so they bought a floor heater which didn’t work very well. The room was huge with a second room that was cold and we never used it. A regular room would have been just as good. At a minimum, all of the carpets in the rooms and the hallways should be changed . We came back for two more nights…",Date of stay: September 2017,4.0
480,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or480-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Great hotel, better staff","This is an amazing hotel as expected. However, Stefan and the entire staff at Le Meridien were the reason we came back and will always come back. Stefan went above and beyond any expectations we could have had to ensure we enjoyed our holiday.   thank you.  -",Date of stay: September 2017,5.0
481,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or480-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Old/Akward Rooms,"I am not sure how this hotel maintains a decent star rating considering the condition of the rooms. I stayed here for five nights one week and then checked in again for a second week and have had consistently bad rooms. The first room, while very spacious, one of the largest on the floor based on the emergency exit, was very old with torn carpet, a worn desk chair and an old style restroom. I moved rooms for the final night of my stay in order to obtain a room with two beds and this room's air conditioning did appropriately cool the room. They provided a fan, which makes me think this is a consistent compliant from guests. This week, I requested a more modern room, and I did receive a room with a renovated restroom, but it was a very awkward layout with a support pillar…",Date of stay: September 2017,2.0
482,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or480-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Friends wedding simply amazing,"This is a fantastic venue which simply blew me away for my friends wedding . If you are planning to get married and looking for a location, THIS IS IT! The venue is just beautiful and I can honestly say it is truly a luxury hotel with all the amenities which come with it. You have a reception area which is huge and also a lovely little entrance which is manned by the staff. Food is to die for and the service was simply marvellous. Highly recommend this place if you are getting married and I will surely be using this venue 🥂",Date of stay: July 2017,5.0
483,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or480-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Great Location, Friendly staff","This hotel is really well located in Picadilly, two blocks from the theaters and shops.  We had a family room which was spacious with confortable beds and pillows. The kids are welcome and they can use the secret library. Also you can have their laundry done for free (kids under 12) The staff was friendly and welcoming Breakfast is good even if under staffed so you might wait a little",Date of stay: September 2017,4.0
484,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or480-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","No sense of spirits, poor club and F&B","As the platinum tier member, I have received no- benefits but club access, which is really poor, it was like a small club in train station... quality of what they served was poor, and lack of man power dropped the standard of service in large magnitude. Great location but no spirits of hospitality and also overall standard of cleaness is poor. Over priced with not well managed GYM and pool.",Date of stay: July 2017,2.0
485,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or485-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",It's OK but...................,"I booked a junior suite but it seemed the room was configured of useless space, or rather a bedroom and a lounge that in my opinion wasn't fit for purpose, with a short passage between both rooms that made them feel really disjointed. And at over £900 for two nights I would have expected a street view rather than no view whatsoever. I really did not like the room or the marks on the carpet, it was very much on the tired side and not good value for money!  The club lounge was really useful, you could save a lot of money here should you so want with drinks and nibbles available throughout the day... we had a few diet cokes and a few nibbles whilst there, usually on the way in or out of the hotel and they were all nice.  We ordered breakfast in bed which had items missing, simple…",Date of stay: September 2017,3.0
486,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or485-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Two Day Reward after moving house,"The hotel is well situated and all the staff are cheerful, helpful and give a good service.  The room is dated with stains on the carpet and walls, with no extractor fan in the bathroom.  Plenty of choice for breakfast, a little expensive at £20 each paid in advance. Tea and coffee replenishment is difficult, as too few serving staff.  The only egg choice for the buffet is scrambled.  ",Date of stay: September 2017,4.0
487,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or485-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Centrally Located,"Right in the heart of the best shopping places in London, Fortnum and Mason, New Bond Street, Burlington arcade, Regent and Oxford Street. The hotel staffs are courteous and impeccable. The room is standard considering the locality, but extremely comfortable after a day's outing. If I return to London, this is my first choice.",Date of stay: September 2017,5.0
488,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or485-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Comfortable and Centrally Locaated,"Le Meridien Picadilly is a comfortable hotel in a central location. You can walk three blocks to the theater district or dine across the street at Chicchetti.  The Royal Academy of Arts is several blocks down the street with visiting exhibitions.  You can walk to Buckingham Place through Green Park which is less than a mile away.   The breakfast buffett is outstanding and worth the 30 pounds.  Great cheese, pastry selection as well as the usual eggs, bagels bacon and saugage.  The service is excellent.  The rooms are larger than most hotels with new very comfortable beds.  The weaknessnes are small bathrooms and dated furntiture.  There is a large indoor swimming pool in the basement if you like to swim and a full sized fitness cetner",Date of stay: August 2017,4.0
489,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or485-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",London travel,Great stay at Le Meridien .  Perfect location. We had excellent service and rooms were very nice.  Pool was beautiful and relaxing and enjoyable.  I would highly recommend to anyone coming to London to stay ,Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
490,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or490-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Nice location,"We stayed here on two different occasions on this trip, one coming in and one going out of the UK and will say that there is a wide variation in room quality.  On the way in I had a very nice room but on the way out, in the same category of rooms mine was in quite a need of renovation, the carpet looked old and dirty, the floor creaked horribly and in both rooms getting the temperature to a comfortable level was difficult.  As the windows were doubled up you could only crack the exterior one.  The location is great though in easy walking distance to the tube and various tourist spots.",Date of stay: September 2017,4.0
491,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or490-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great stay,We stayed there one night and found the staff very friendly.  One staff member in the lobby gave us great suggestions.  Turned out she was the hotel manager. She was great to talk to. Hotel is very central to the shops food and entertainment. Highly recommended. ,Date of stay: September 2017,5.0
492,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or490-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Lovely hotel, centrally located.","We enjoyed our stay. Rooms are not large, but are nicely furnished. Staff were pleasant and helpful. Close to many tourist attractions, excellent restaurants, and shopping. It's a quick walk a couple of blocks to Trafalgar Square, or a bit longer nice walk thru the park to Buckingham Palace. We walked everywhere!",Date of stay: August 2017,4.0
493,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or490-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Poor standards,"Not impressed with this hotel given that it is a 5* hotel it did not meet the standards of a luxury hotel. When we told the Manager she said the hotel was in the process of being updated as it is old. The rooms had patches on the carpets. There was no bath just a shower and it was small. There was a party at the hotel which the staff did not inform us about and it disturbed our sleep. The music was so loud that we couldn't hear our TV even on a high volume. When we complained we were told the Manager would come to our room in the morning but nobody did. The food was poor, the Caesar salad did not come with a dressing. The chicken tikka masala was tasteless. The breakfast was good but I requested a well done egg due to being pregnant which the staff happily changed but it still…",Date of stay: August 2017,1.0
494,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or490-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Not at all worth the 5 stars with dreadful service from start to finish,"They started off suggesting I shouldn't be bringing my car to London, then were not at all helpful in sending me to a public parking place.... Following this they offered an upgrade to say sorry, but the room had suitable sound proofing and was right overlooking Regents Street, so when asked to move to a quiet room they routinely took away our upgrade putting us back in a small room. Other issues we had were no one answering the hotel phone, a very cold room with a vent pumping out cold air that apparently couldn't be closed so they taped over the grille!!  Our room was not made up and we were woken up by screaming children running down the hallway.  The swimming pool was nice though!!",Date of stay: September 2017,1.0
495,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or495-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great stay!,"Rooms clean and quiet! Had a great sleep very comfortable beds the receptionist was so accommodating - really great and so was the Concierge giving great tips and very helpful. We just spent one night in London and found this to be a great spot to stay and tour around for a day very ""centric""! ",Date of stay: September 2017,5.0
496,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or495-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great and fast response,"I was supposed to stay at this hotel last night, unfortunately my company made the mistake of booking the hotel room for October.  When I arrived last night, after a 13hrs flight, the front desk clerk made me aware of the mistake and told me they were full house. In less than 5 minutes they got me the last available room at the W hotel, 5 min walk, they honoured my rate and I got a great suite. Being loyal to a brand pays off when you most need them.  Thank you Le Meridien, thank you W.",Date of stay: September 2017,5.0
497,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or495-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Always perfect!,"I love staying at this hotel.  The location could not be more central, next to amazing coffee shops, stores, restaurants and much more.  And, easy access to the airport or eurostar.    i had a fantastic room with access to the club lounge, which was perfect for breakfast and evening cocktails and snacks.  but, perhaps best of all is the staff.  they really make you feel like you are staying with family.  i can't wait to come back again. and again!",Date of stay: September 2017,5.0
498,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or495-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",No sport channels,"The hotel is nice,but a five star hotel that doesn´t have any sports channel is kind of a bummer. I really think they should put some channels,i mean,they´re in England,and i couldn´t watch the Premier League.",Date of stay: August 2017,4.0
499,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or495-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Fit for a Princess,"It was my first time... I went in to a luxury, less busy atmosphere to have tea. The hotel was so luxurious and I received a first class welcome which continued until I left.  I ordered Assam tea, which remained hot to the end.  A lovely, memorable time...",Date of stay: August 2017,4.0
500,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or500-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent location!,Positives -  1. 2min walk to Piccadilly tube station 2. Fantastic Heath and fitness centre 3. Spacious rooms with television  Cons-  1. Relatively old infrastructure. Bathrooms for example not modern at all 2. Staff not the best with information but not bad at all ,Date of stay: August 2017,4.0
501,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or500-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",GREAT LOCATION FOR AN AGING PROPERTY,"You cannot beat the location of the Le Meridien, especiallly if you enjoy nice shopping, dining and especially theatre while visiting London.  The staff are friendly and efficient, the club is well run, except for the interlopers who find their way into the lounge and take advantage of the services.  They are fairly basic but typical of a European city hotel.  We were upgraded to a suite as SPG Platinum, which is always appreciated.  We have stayed before and some of these rooms can have very kooky layouts, but the added space an evening turn-down were appreciated.  The public spaces have been updated to the standard one would expect from any Le Meridien, but the rooms still need upgrading.  I don't mind the size but all of the furnishings need to be replaced and the bathrooms…",Date of stay: August 2017,4.0
502,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or500-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Most Exceptional Hotel/Wonderful Staff and Service,"The hotel is exceptional in every sense of the word. From the staff, to the location, to the amenities, everything was top notch; afternoon tea was fantastic. I made an number of inquiries/requests prior to my arrival, and the hotel was very accommodating; arranging for transportation from Heathrow to the hotel and even obtaining tickets to the IAAF World Track and Field Championships. The concierge service was wonderful. Our room was one of the remodeled rooms and it was very spacious. I highly recommend this hotel and certainly look forward to our next visit.",Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
503,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or500-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent location ,The hotel is located is an amazing location literally 3 mins walk from from Piccadilly Circus station as well as 8 mins walk from Leicester Square. The hotel staff is very helpful and friendly. The rooms are very small but decent for a few days stop over. The breakfast was not great and would not recommend to include it in your package. Next to the hotel there are so many better and reasonable options to enjoy. ,Date of stay: August 2017,4.0
504,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or500-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London", Breakfast serving out of control,Family stay for 3 nights. SPG status recognized and separate check-in procedure excellent. Family room good apart from the old windows - in winter you will be freezing since air is coming in from any part. Breakfast organization and waiters coordination is a disaster. Every day we had breakfst they always forgot to bring something or the coffe took so long that it arrived cold at the table. It is a shame since the location of this hotel is really good. I would return only for the SPG recognition and rewards. ,Date of stay: August 2017,3.0
505,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or505-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",2 night vacation stopover in a perfect location.,"Charming hotel with a super staff: very knowledgeable, friendly, helpful and efficient.   Room was comfortable.   Great location to see a lot of London on foot.  My husband likes to stay here on business trips as it is close to a lot of his favorite pubs.",Date of stay: August 2017,4.0
506,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or505-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great place with kids in the centre of London,"Stayed here on a mother daughter trip with my eldest daughter. At first I was a bit hesitant to book this hotel as I am not so fond of this area of London. But I was very glad I did in the end. It's a great place to go shopping with a teenager, visit the theater and there are many good restaurants around. The hotel has great spacious rooms, recently refurbished and a huge indoor pool and health club available for hotel guests. Concierge arranged everything for us we needed while there.",Date of stay: August 2017,4.0
507,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or505-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Relaxing,"I stayed here to be nearby a venue. It was very close to a variety of shops, Underground stations, & restaurants. Although, I did not spend a lot of time in the hotel, it was clean, very comfortable, & the staff was more than friendly & willing to assist!",Date of stay: August 2017,4.0
508,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or505-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",amazing stay at the Le Meridien Piccadilly,"Location was very convenient, in the very heart of London and ease of access to all tourist spots. Staff was extremely helpful and Rado the doorman is outstanding in providing a welcoming customer service. I very often stay in hotels around the globe with my parents as they travel and I can say he has some of the best manners and knowledge about the surroundings and hotspots around the city and was a pleasure to meet.",Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
509,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or505-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great Hotel,"A nice hotel, with very friendly and helpful staff, and a fantastic location.  The room was clean and modern, the was bed comfortable, and the noise level was very low considering this is central London. Highly recommended. The terrace restaurant was really pleasant also.",Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
510,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or510-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Laclaster at Best,"If you'd like to meet Benjamin Franklin you may want to stay at this hotel. The rooms are dated, stained & not a 3, 4 or 5 star rating. My husband and I are 3 Star Elite owners with the Westin, we've stayed at many resorts & hotels... for a Le Meridian or anything associated with the Westin, this is a HUGE disappointment.",Date of stay: August 2017,2.0
511,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or510-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Definitely Recommend,Stayed in Le Meridien Piccadilly over the weekend with friends. Everything about the hotel was excellent. All the staff were very friendly and helpful and the room was lovely. It is also in a perfect location. I'd especially like to thank Mark and Angele for taking out their time to make our stay extra special. ,Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
512,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or510-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great location ,Me and my family stayed with Le Meridien Piccadilly for four days. We like the hotel which has a great location and very easy to get to everywhere in the city. Rooms are big and clean. The beds are so soft and comfy. Good value and we will definitely come back again. ,Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
513,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or510-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Not a really five star hotel,"You can tell it's an old hotel as facilities in the room are quite worn out. I stayed for two nights with my boyfriend who is German. When checking in, the receptionist also speaks German. During the whole checking time, she was explaining everything to my boyfriend in German disregarding that I cannot understand a single word. The room size is OK but the bed size is quite small. The smallest standard double bed you can find. The room is also humid as you can smell it in the air.A big TV was added into the room which blocked your access to the air-conditioning controller unless you have long arms. The toilet takes five minutes to fulfill its water tank which is noisy and annoying. I don't know what is wrong but I felt quite itchy during sleep in the second night. As I have an…",Date of stay: August 2017,2.0
514,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or510-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",good position,We've been to this hotel last May for my partner's birthday. Is just 1 minute away from Piccadilly Circus. Breakfast is very expensive is around 13-15£ per person but it is also valid as a lunch. Our room had a small balcony,Date of stay: May 2017,5.0
515,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or515-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Convenience has a price,"Let's put it this way, what you're paying for at this hotel is the location more than anything else, because it's hard to beat around the area. Restaurants galore, and even a Whole Foods right behind the hotel; a 5 minute walk. The Piccadilly area is very busy and the hotel is smack in the middle. A really old property so expect some odd things. If you book the basic room you probably will not get a refurbished room (all the rooms need to be refurbished) or one of the larger rooms. My room had 1 small window facing the mezzanine and yes the room was a bit small. Also, the room was located towards the end of a hallway so we heard all the doors slamming and it was really hard to take an afternoon nap; worse in the morning. Put it this way, you don't need the alarm clock.…",Date of stay: July 2017,3.0
516,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or515-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",afternoon tea,went for afternoon tea and it was superb ! my first time here . the scones were delicious and so were the cakes. also within budget which was great considering its a 5star hotel. only criticism i would have is that the service could have been a bit better . dont mean that they were not welcoming but more that it would have been nicer if they could have come up a bit more frequently to see of we required anything rather than me waving my hand frantically trying to get their attention,Date of stay: August 2017,4.0
517,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or515-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent value 'Quick lunch',"Saw this quick 2-course lunch for £17 (inclding a soft drink) advertised outside and thought it offered good value.  It was served in lovely surroundings in their Terrace Restaurant between 12 and 2pm.  Although naturally a limited choice, the food was excellent in nice surroundings.  You can add a third course if required.  Alternatively you can go A La Carte.  The service was good and tge staff very polite and welcoming.  We will certainly use the restaurant again next time are at the nearby Royal Academy. 75 metres away.  Great find.  Well done to all.",Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
518,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or515-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Wonderful location for exploring London,"Lovely luxury hotel, right in the heart of London. Small but well appointed rooms. The location is its greatest asset, right next to a Piccadilly tube stop. So, great for Heathrow transport. It is in walking distance of all the major shops, central sites and theatres.",Date of stay: July 2017,4.0
519,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or515-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Fantastic stay at fantastic hotel in fantastic city,"Everything, as of the first impression when you enter the hotel lobby until the very last moment when you sadly need have to checkout is impressive. Hotel is located directly in the Piccadilly Street, in the centre of all happenings, breakfast was rich and the breakfast room is magnificent. In the gym are new machines and also everything up to the highest standard. Staff is well trained and polite, especially the Front Office Manager Stefan, which is a real asset of this hotel are simply the best! Our Executive Suite was huge and everyday perfectly cleaned and replenished with new amenities. Simply unforgettable stay! Thank you very much Le Méridien Piccadilly for creating this emotion for us, which will stay forever in our memories!",Date of stay: July 2017,5.0
520,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or520-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Not 5 star standards,Sadly this hotel has lost its way! There is a total lack of Attention to detail which for a 5 star is vital. I will give my journey through the hotel!  On arriving the doorman was inside the hotel not even attempting to open the door for guests. I arrived at reception where a previous guest was checking in with the one member of staff on the desk. Having had time to look around there were some attention to detail issues to note! one of the clock screens was faulty and not showing the correct information and the wires were visible at the top of the display. After waiting nearly 10 minutes (two members of staff walked behind the desk not looking to help guests) another guest arrived at the desk when another member of staff arrived and immediately looked after guest who arrived…,Date of stay: August 2017,2.0
521,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or520-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Mice!!!!!!!!!,"Positives- location, location, location. Accommodation. Club lounge access (or so we thought ). The girl in the club lounge ( talk about making the best out of a bad situation )  Negatives - Mice in the club lounge.   Shocking to see mice in the lounge. Spoke to another guest, apparently been like this all week! Sort it out!  The location and the room was really nice though, ruined by the mice  ",Date of stay: July 2017,1.0
522,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or520-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great centrally located hotel,"The hotel is located in the centre of London and in close proximity to theatres, historical monuments, the Palace as well as the thematic shopping areas. It also close enough to access the River Thames and its attractions. Well appointed, excellent restaurant and gym. Friendly staff and good service.",Date of stay: July 2017,4.0
523,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or520-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Reassuring service and great location,"The hotel enjoys a fantastic location.  I loved the buzz of the lobby and the restaurant has great views on Regent street. The room was nice and the bathroom has lovely custom made big sized toiletries.  The service was friendly if sometimes patchy (long wait at check in time). There's a famous spa that I sadly didn't have the time to visit.  It probably needs a refresh, as some areas look a little tired.  Overall a great hotel. ",Date of stay: July 2017,4.0
524,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or520-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely central hotel,"My husband and I stayed her for one evening mid-week. It's a great central location and perfect for us as we had an appointment at the US embassy for 8am in the morning - it was a 15min walk from the hotel.  All hotel were very pleasant and welcoming. I don't remember passing one without them saying hello.  We were given a room on the 2nd floor and it was by far the biggest London room I've ever had. The bed was enormous! It was all spotlessly clean. Only criticisms were the view...I don't normally comment on a view as I never expect much...but this felt like I was in a basement! The window itself was huge but the only light coming through was a tiny bit at the top as the rest was covered in wood (it did make for a very quiet and dark room though) and also the floorboards, they…",Date of stay: July 2017,4.0
525,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or525-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Solid hotel in Piccadilly ,"Was debating between a 3 and a 4 but decided to go with a 4 (the 3.5 is spot on). It's by no means an amazing hotel, but it's def solid and gets the job done. A few things to note:  The good: - solid value in Piccadilly in the center of everything - great gym with multiple sets a free weights and a ton of space across 2 floors - solid service with everyone always smiling and willing to help - decent size room (for a standard room)   The bad: - def an older hotel that's beat up and could use a touch up - ac is old and loud, and doesn't lockup very well. Hopefully it won't be too hot if you stay here. weather was fine for me, so not a problem.  - no upgrade, but hotel was sold out (I checked online). Not really a penalty, but not a place to expect upgrades - horrible club lounge,…",Date of stay: July 2017,4.0
526,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or525-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Average stay!,"Location was great, staff were lovely, polite and friendly. Room size were good decent size.  Bed was comfortable and so was the shower and bath. All requests were handled very well. The front office is in serious need of staff. Check in and check out wait took too Long...  overall, ok stay!",Date of stay: July 2017,4.0
527,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or525-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Perfect location in London,"It's located in the heart of Piccadilly Circus and accessible to shopping places. Bond and Oxford Streets are only 2 stations away if you use the underground subway. When we checked in the rooms were not ready which was a bit of an inconvenient especially if you had a long day. The room was basic (typical of European hotels) however, we had a once view from our window. For the price range I would say it about average just because of the location.",Date of stay: July 2017,4.0
528,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or525-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely,"This was a spur of the moment booking, and it was superb, the food was amazing, the price was good and the atmosphere was lovely. The service was spot on, really enjoyed it and would definitely recommend this.",Date of stay: April 2017,4.0
529,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or525-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Functional not fancy with a gem of a pool,"The Meridien Piccadilly was a nice surprise. I travelled with two kids and the location is perfect to walk to Covent Garden, St James Park or Regent Street. Very functional family room with double large beds, copious breakfast, a fantastic grand pool and gym. Don't expect luxury, expect functionality. I found the concierges somehow snooty but if pressured, efficient. I will recommend for family or business",Date of stay: April 2017,4.0
530,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or530-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Dissapointed,"Very expensive, very old room and really rude attendant at reception in the morning. Went over to him and said ""hello"", he had no response whatsoever. I asked if he could confirm that I had chosen the ""Breakfast"" as my Platinum amenity. No response until he said..."" I will change it"". Then he left his post. Nothing else. I don't think he even looked at me. I thought it was rude. Breakfast was ok. Location is great.",Date of stay: July 2017,3.0
531,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or530-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Disaster,The worst experience I could have from the moment we were trying to alter our booking at the hotel.  I have spent hours on the phone with them and have never been passed around so much.  I have never been treated in this way before and will never stay in a Le Meriden hotel again.,Date of stay: July 2017,1.0
532,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or530-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Best Hotel I've Ever Stayed At!!!,"Last year, my wife and I traveled to the U.K. and Ireland, starting the trip in London and staying at Le Meridien. I love everything about this hotel. Not only is the location incredible, in London's Theater District, but it's a short walk or a short bus ride to almost all of London's landmark sites.  The food was incredible as Room Service or in their fine restaurant. The staff was helpful, friendly, courteous and always there to make sure that our experience was as good as it could be. Certainly, this is my hotel over all others in London and, along with L'Hotel in Paris, my favorite place in the world to stay. Thanks to everyone at Le Meridien for such a comfortable and memorable experience.",Date of stay: October 2016,5.0
533,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or530-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Set lunch,Visited with 4 friends for the set lunch with a glass of prosecco. We had a very enjoyable lunch. Good service. Nice surroundings. Good food. Loved the olive bread. Beautiful high domed conservatory restaurant but it was rather hot in there the day we visited. ,Date of stay: July 2017,4.0
534,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or530-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great Location,Great location and nice hotel.  Loved that we could rent bikes and ride to the museums on the mall.  The food was great and the service friendly and authentic.  I would deffinately stay there again!    Met some fun locals there.  This isn't just a stop for tourists.,Date of stay: June 2017,5.0
535,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or535-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",London family Vacation,Great hotel. Wonderful service. Very kid friendly. Sent cookies and coloring books to our room. Clean rooms and great housekeeping. In the middle of all the action. Right in the middle of picadilly Circuss.,Date of stay: July 2017,5.0
536,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or535-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Good and bad,I stayed here for a global awards ceremony. I was allocated a refurbished room. Executive Check-in was smooth and the Polish chap was really professional. 1 issue i had was asking for Scottish Whiskey in the ballroom bar. I kept being told No. Then expecting me to walk to a bar at the other end of the hotel to get my own whiskey. In the end they agreed to get me it at an additional charge of £5 a drink when they could easily have popped a bottle behind the bar. ,Date of stay: April 2017,4.0
537,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or535-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Absolutely LOVED this hotel!,"We checked in at the end of June and stayed three nights through the Canada 150 celebration and it was just fantastic.  Can't beat the location, in the heart of everything but still quiet when you go to your room.  They have a spacious gym with lots of weights and exercise machines, a clean pool, and then its just steps away from the best food and bars.  Its walking distance to everything and the buses pick up just outside the hotel.  I'll definitely be staying here on my return trips to London.",Date of stay: June 2017,5.0
538,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or535-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Amazing 2 days at Le Meridien Picadilly London,"Stayed for 2 days over a weekend in May. The central location in London close to all the attractions , shopping areas and theatre district is a huge plus. When the weather is good everything is in reasonable walking distance and convenient to cover.  Quite warm and approachable staff. The check in process was quick and smooth and our rooms were ready as communicated/. The upgrade was a nice surprise.",Date of stay: May 2017,5.0
539,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or535-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",A tourist trap ,"The hotel is located in an easy reach spot. You can access all major attractions within walking distance. However, the management is taking advantage of the location by poorly managing the hotel. My check in time was delayed beyond the official check in time. The room was not clean with food leftovers on the bed's side table. Hygiene is another serious issue as I received a fruit basket with a stained red spotted napkin of which it might be blood. When I contacted the duty manger, his response was a fully occupied hotel and I should let him know what he can do, instead of him offering me solutions. Avoid as this is a real tourist trap. Very poor housekeeping and lack of hygiene standard. I would not recommend staying their especially if you have kids due to the hygiene standard…",Date of stay: June 2017,1.0
540,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or540-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Centrally located but slightly outdated,"Perfect location right at Piccadilly. Very efficient check in and check out processes are the pluses.  Somewhat outdated rooms (furniture, overall state, awkward showers) which are quite noisy are the minuses.  ",Date of stay: July 2017,3.0
541,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or540-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Pleasant surprise,"We stayed here in early June and was pleasant surprised how much improvement there was compared to a year ago. This time, everyone smiled from door to house keeping.  A refreshing change to some stoic London hotels. Check in was seamless and certainly up to the expectation of a Platinum SPG member. Regardless however, my acid test is that you don't tell anyone of your status... and lo and behold, the service was just as efficient and friendly without me having to name drop. The rooms were clean and proficiently serviced when required. We were also very fortunate to get a quiet corner which was cosy and private. The Terrace restaurant was also pretty much perfect with impeccable staff. After one visit, the staff could actually remember what you liked the second time round - on…",Date of stay: June 2017,4.0
542,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or540-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Good hotel, team extra ","The Meridien is a good hotel, a bit old but cute and with a good atmosphere. But what is the biggest difference with an other one? The team. Thanks to Theo who was helpful and really kind. He called his personal guides to gave me some tips. He was always aware of the good spots and the place to see. If you need anything ask for him.",Date of stay: May 2017,5.0
543,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or540-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Avoid this location at all costs.,"Besides the charming view (my windows faced a brick wall room #209), there was a wedding going on, ON MY FLOOR until midnight.  Pounding DJ music, 200 screaming guests and an unsympathetic concierge.  I called and was hung up on twice.  Then I called the front desk and they said they would look into it and call me back.  They did not.  And to think it was priced 409£ a night. I departed hotel and switched to the Park Plaza County Hall.  I could not believe it was less expensive, all new with much nicer amenities.  My room was pristine and quiet, great support and walking distance to all of the good stuff.   With so many other options do not risk staying at this hotel.  Upon departure, I was assured that I would not be charged by the Duty Manager, Brenda Wanjiku.  The next day…",Date of stay: June 2017,1.0
544,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or540-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, comfortable classic room but lacks service","Stayed at this hotel for 5 nights during our travel London early April. The hotel was pretty busy during the Easter holiday week, but we used our platinum suite nights to upgrade to an executive suite (not the complimentary platinum upgrade) . The suite was a good size for London standard; has a foyer area, a living room, a bedroom, and 2 bathrooms. The suite gave us the extra room to store my toddler son's food and stroller, and the living space to hang out while my son slept in the bedroom. The style and furnishing of the room is a bit old, but it was comfortable. We used the platinum amenity toward daily breakfast, but the breakfast got old after a couple of days, as there was little variety in the food offering. The club lounge is also on the small side, with a small…",Date of stay: April 2017,3.0
545,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or545-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Not a great hotel....,"Having stayed in lots of London hotels I'm pretty familiar with what you pay is what you get. Having paid well over £300+ for a 1 nights stay I would expect a heck of a lot better - I've stayed in better premier inns...... Staff at check in friendly but unfortunately could not change our room as the hotel was full and everyone had checked in by 5pm and so unable to move us from our 'upgraded' room. Room was dark, musty smelling and stains all over the carpet. Would not have minded the situation if had paid less than £200 but for the price this hotel commands would expect more. ",Date of stay: June 2017,2.0
546,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or545-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Ideal Location and Fine Amenities,"The location is great for shopping (the shops on Piccadilly and Regent Street are just steps away) and also very close to the theater district and Green Park and St. James Park.  Service was first rate and the hotel has a pool as well as a nice lounge for guests in certain room categories.  If you get a package including breakfast, it's a good deal. Both the buffet and a la carte items are tasty and well-prepared.   The rooms could use some freshening up. The bathrooms are a bit rudimentary for a hotel in this class.",Date of stay: June 2017,5.0
547,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or545-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",3 nights in London,"The location of this hotel is terrific! Location is only surpassed by a friendly, attentive, knowledgeable staff. Well located near high street retail, theatre, Buckingham Palace and more. Only problem is not being there long enough. Can't wait to return.",Date of stay: June 2017,5.0
548,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or545-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Very Disappointing!,"Went for BnT here yesterday for a friend's birthday!  We booked it because it was in London's top 10 for a garden room, they certainly didn't get that for the service! The idea was good, a combination of brunch & afternoon tea but the execution was terrible! Not helped by inadequate waiting staff who had no idea what they were talking about!  All dietary requirements were checked & confirmed beforehand (I am vegetarian & another member of our party of four doesn't like eggs.)  When we tried to confirm all this at the table the waiting staff seemed very confused which was frustrating as we had written confirmation & it really wasn't difficult!  They assured us it was all in hand BUT when it all came out, nicely presented on a three tier cake stand, the waitress told my non egg…",Date of stay: June 2017,2.0
549,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or545-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Awesome SPG Property!,"I never pay attention to reviews given by others with less than 20 reviews on Trip advisor.  Many of the bad reviews are from travelers that quiet frankly don't have a lot of travel experience.  This is a very nice hotel in a great location, close to many popular attractions.  From the front door to check in, the rooms and amenities are all very nice and comfortable.  The club room is one of the best that I've used.  It is always stocked with great snacks, breakfast, coffee and wine in the evenings.  Our room was spacious and well appointed for our family of 4.  It was quiet and comfortable.  The pool was an added attraction for our daughters while we spent time at the restaurant, Terrace.  The employees that made our stay a very memorable vacation are Paul, David, Tiphaine and…",Date of stay: June 2017,5.0
550,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or550-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great location,"One of the best location to stay in London. Close to museums, shows, shops, transit, you name it. Some of the rooms are recently remodeled and looks great. But you should ask and verify if your reservation will be in newly remodeled room or not? Make early reservation, this hotel fill-out fast especially on weekends. The SPG lounge is a good amenity. But my favorite is the indoor pool & Gym, and the breakfast on the second floor :)",Date of stay: June 2017,4.0
551,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or550-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Terrible is an understatement,It was a disaster from day one at check in. Basically the staff has no clue what is happening. They kept insisting that i dont have a reservation and if i had not pulled out my confirmation email i would have had a huge problem. When i gave my SPG number he still insisted that i dont have a reservation! i dont understand this at all. Then when he pulled it up with my reservation his explanation was that there were 2 bookings with similar names! Can the similar names have the same SPG number? Then the icing on the cake is that i got calls for 2 days in a row in my room saying that i am not an SPG member hence cannot get this and that!!! Unbelievable!!   The room was fairly large and nice but you dont rate a property only on its looks but also its staff. And it is here that the…,Date of stay: May 2017,2.0
552,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or550-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Average stay  with average rooms at an  opulent hotel wifh a great location,"I am a gold SPG and nevertheless experienced big objective issues which resulted in two moves which took started at 1:30 pm and ended at 6:30 pm . Luckily , a fantastic front desk supervisor Brenda Wanijuku went beyond and above .. Checked rooms , made calls , and  "" placated "" us . The hotel was indeed full . Throughout this ordeal , the esteemed hotel Mgr or Asst Mgr did not bother to call  us , acknowledge , show empathy , or make a gesture - God forbid . The average to poor rooms, and Mgmt  disdain would not have happened at the savoy it the JW ,, where I have stayed before .",Date of stay: June 2017,3.0
553,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or550-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Superbly located... we were very well taken care of...,We were upgraded to a large suite for the five days we were there. The hotel is superbly located and the breakfast buffet (which was free for platinum SPG) is great. The rooms were comfortably large and convenient. So only positives.  I would only make one comment - London was obviously having a heat wave when we were there - but I do think the hotel will have to invest in an airconditioning system. It can get quite warm in the nights - even with the aircon.,Date of stay: June 2017,5.0
554,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or550-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Perfect Location, very efficient",Had to stay in London for 1 nights and had to choose a hotel in the Piccadilly area. Most probably made the best choice. Room was perfect. Only drawback was the delay on check as my room was not ready until 15:00. Not to much hassle as timing was perfect for some lunch. Would definitely recommend in stay is needed in city centre.,Date of stay: March 2017,5.0
555,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or555-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great location,"This hotel is in a great location. Stayed for 3 days.  Romm very nice and recently refurbished.  Staff very helpful and nothing is too much trouble.  Buses to all major areas right outside, however lots within easy walking distance.",Date of stay: June 2017,5.0
556,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or555-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Strangely Mediocre,"We picked this hotel because we are SPG members. The hotel is in the center of town, right where we wanted to be. It was a historic building which we usually love. We were going to spend two nights after a cruise to see the city before returning home.   I had booked a standard room hopeful we would get an upgrade because of our SPG Gold status. To the best of my knowledge that didn't happen. Or if it did, my concept of an upgrade is different from theirs. I found our room to be adequate but not what I had expected from a Le Meridian property. In addition the room was on a lower floor overlooking Piccadilly meaning it was susceptible to street noise.   Being there for two nights I wasn't inclined to be that snooty American that wanted to know why the room wasn't nicer or higher…",Date of stay: August 2016,3.0
557,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or555-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Location is amazing bring ear plugs,"the location is amazing but for the price you pay (putting aside being a platinum guest) one should not have a room that the floor skeeks when you walk that you can hold a registry of all the other rooms in the floor coming and going and you are waken in the morning by trucks in the ally. so if you do stay at the hotel do not stay in the 2nd floor, I am not sure about the others.  the good part - the concierge in the hotel are amazing they know the city and will go out of the way to help you and make your reservations for you. the staff at the club lounge greet you with a smile and make you feel at home",Date of stay: June 2017,3.0
558,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or555-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Great Location, Decent Hotel","To start off with you need to readjust your perception of hotels in Europe vs the US..if that is where you are coming from.  Large European cities have very little space and pubs that can be 400 years old thus everything is smaller and older.  The Le Meridian hotel is a decent hotel located in a great location however the rooms are very small and very tired.  Some things won't work like the heated towel rack (who cares anyway) , the paint will be chipped and carpet in need of changing.  The staff is fairly friendly however some seem to have a chip on their shoulder, the front desk people were great.  I would trust the reviews that you see on line, they are pretty accurate.  The only thing that I can say is the location was fantastic, super close to the Piccadilly tube station…",Date of stay: June 2017,3.0
559,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or555-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Disappointed ,Totally disappointed. The price I paid for the room I can have better one less then half price in the same area. It's just the name. Old carpet in the room. Basic bathroom. Worse thing is the floor moves when you  walk so you can hear upstairs if someone walking above your room same like a bed n breakfast hotel. It's not worth paying this sort of price for this. Breakfast is nothing like a budget hotel. Ask for a hot cup of cafee never came....definitely not going again.,Date of stay: May 2017,2.0
560,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or560-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Older style Hotel,"We met friends here before joining a cruise and to say the least we were a bit disappointed in our stay.  We had stayed previously at the Every which we enjoyed for less $$.   When we checked in we were told our room had two queen beds, however when we got to the room, there were two twins.  Please, make sure you are aware of this if you think you're getting what we in the states know as queen size beds.  The decor is very much dated, drapery needs to be replaced.  Bath tubs are high to step into for showering.  What's strange is, the lobby of the hotel and the upstairs restaurant and bar is somewhat modern, but the rooms are old fashion with the dark cherrywood decor.  Doesn't seem to go together.  We've stayed in Le Meridien in Sydney and was very modern and beautiful.  ",Date of stay: May 2017,3.0
561,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or560-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Position and charm,"You can not beat the location of Le Meridien Piccadilly. Yes, the rooms are not new and it is not what a level 6 property should be, but the staff is efficient and friendly, breakfast great and the pool, although on the chilly side, a very nice extra. On 7th floor we had no problem with street noise although you are right in the middle of the bustling London crowd immediately when you walk out the door. Walking distance to shops, theaters and sights!",Date of stay: June 2017,4.0
562,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or560-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Dinner-31/05/17,Our first time to Le Meridien for dinner We both had grilled seafood and it was amazing!! Excellent customer service from G.Dimo from the restaurant. He's very informative and attentive. Will definitely come back.,Date of stay: May 2017,5.0
563,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or560-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, OK rooms","Location is great, close to tube and attractions. Hotel is nice, staff is great, rooms are big and comfortable but had some issues..no blackouts, old bathroom, no drawers. Club level upgrade was good, OK breakfast, afternoon drinks and snacks.",Date of stay: May 2017,4.0
564,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or560-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Upgraded Room; Superior, Personal Customer Service","Wanted to pass on the news that a few of the renovated rooms are now available. I'm a frequent guest of LeM London due to the location and price, but the rooms often left something to be desired. Old buildings sometimes just never get modern convenience and amenities right.  This last stay I was singled out for a newly upgraded room and was very pleased with the improvements. It felt lighter and more roomy for sure. The furniture was updated and the bath certainly was a huge improvement. Welcome to the 21st Century. More outlets, USB ports bring are a welcome change.  Also want to call out David who looks out for the Starwood elite guests. He attention to detail is remarkable. His level of customer focus is beyond expectations. Being personally greeted by David upon arrival is a…",Date of stay: May 2017,4.0
565,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or565-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great staying in London,"Had a wonderful time with the family at Le Meridien Piccadilly hotell, nice rooms and a perfect breakfast. The staff did really makes us feel at home,perfect guidning and help to locate in London city.",Date of stay: May 2017,5.0
566,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or565-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Rooms don't match online pictures ,"As a SPG Lifetime Platinum, you would think your assigned room would at least be a nicer room. NO!  Just got a second floor room which was really run down and where the height in the bathtub was 6'2"" - being 6'3"" that's a problem.   The room was so outdated and drab that I looked back at the online pictures and it's like you are in a totally different hotel.  My room was Ramada quality and clearly not what I paid for.    When I complained they just said they were full and that was our room.    Otherwise, staff was pleasant and location is good but if you are used to a comfortable SPG room avoid this hotel.    ",Date of stay: May 2017,2.0
567,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or565-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Disappointing,"I've been at Le Meridien between 24/5 and 26/5 and as a SPG member I get one of the latest refurbished rooms at 1st floor. The room looks nice and modern but it is absolutely not functional (no plug in for the hair dryer in the bathroom, once in bed there is no a dedicated light to read, etc). The staff at the front desk (reception and concierge) were very kind and professional whereas at the Executive Lounge at the Mezzanine Floor the experience was not pleasant at all (staff was rude and they seems more interested in chatting among them instead of helping guests). For the price I payed I would expect much more and I won't come back in the future.  ",Date of stay: May 2017,2.0
568,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or565-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Unless you hate yourself...find another hotel!! 5* failures everywhere!!,"I wish I could give this place a better rating...I mean, I literally took out a pen to see if I could find something, anything...and I did..the location...that is about it.  I kind of knew this had potential to turn into a train wreck as I booked this room on a hotel auction site where the name of the hotel is not disclosed until after you purchased it...that was mistake number one, but I figured ""come on, its Le Meridien"" and then i read the reviews in horror. Unfortunately, more went wrong with my stay than went right with it.   I booked three nights in a best available room that would not be disclosed until check in, well, thats not going to work. After reading some of the tips here, I phoned up the hotel and asked them when I checked in the following day, could they please…",Date of stay: May 2017,2.0
569,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or565-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Worst starwood hotel ever,"When I had to book a business trip to London I went straight for the Starwood properties. This had a perfect location, and Le Meridien was one of their higher level brand, I thought.  Turns out that was a mistake. We have had to switch rooms multiple times, with a very rude and useless staff.   The property is also not designed well for luggage, in that all 3 floors we have been on have required lifting your luggage up and down stairs. There are no luggage carts, and the staff Carry's your stuff with little regard for it, to the point that I'm going to have to buy tape to fix up a box we have, before checking it, due to the way it was carried.  The furnishings in all three rooms we moved between are vastly different, and all look like they have been refurbished with varying…",Date of stay: May 2017,1.0
570,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or570-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great for a few night but might be too much for your whole stay,"We were in London for 8 nights on vacation.  We spent half of our trip in Bethnal Green at the Town Hall and half here in Picadilly Circus and the locations could not have been more different.  This is a classic Starwood hotel so, if you have status, you’ll be treated well.  I do so we were whisked into a private room and offered coffee for our ‘check in’ experience.  Everyone is nice and friendly, acknowledging us as we came and left.  They have a club room so there’s food but it’s pretty basic so don’t have high expectations of the food.  Our upgraded room was very nice and quiet which was a miracle given the location.  The best and worst part about this hotel is the location.  It’s a block from Piccadilly Circus.  If you want to short walk to lots of famous sites this is your…",Date of stay: March 2017,4.0
571,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or570-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Couldn't have been better,"This is a good hotel overall with helpful staff, clean rooms, etc. But probably the best is it has a superb location. Just walk out of the hotel and you are bang in Piccadilly Circus, close by to all the restaurants and theatre. Recommended highly.",Date of stay: May 2017,5.0
572,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or570-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Afternoon Tea at Le Meridien - Overpriced and not very nice!,"We went for afternoon tea at Le Meridien on Saturday afternoon as a special treat for my boyfriend's father who was visiting from North Wales. We thought it would be a fun London experience and were willing to dig a little deeper in our pockets for a special treat.  Right from the start however, the experience wasn't quite what we expected. The restaurant and terrace itself where afternoon tea is served, has a decidedly tired air; like a hotel that used to be grand but is now suffering from lack of care. We were shown to a table right at the back in the far corner of the restaurant that looked like it had come out of an office canteen, plonked there for unexpected visitors. The teas were in the price range we expected, £24-36 depending on various extras. We decided to go for the…",Date of stay: May 2017,1.0
573,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or570-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Superb Customer Service Saves the Day (and our stay),"This was a combined business/family visit trip for my wife and purely a family visit for me. My wife always stays at an SPG hotel, normally the W, when she travels on business, but they can be a bit too much on the trendy side for me so we decided to try the more traditional Le Meridien -- and are glad we did.  The hotel is one of those grand dames of Europe, that has seen better days but still manages to keep up appearances. Based on my wife's Gold SPG status we were promised an upgrade. However, upon entering the room it was immediately clear that while it was renovated and very clean, it was also very small, with barely enough room to open our two suitcases. As we were staying for almost a week, we asked for a larger room and were told there was nothing else available.  Based…",Date of stay: May 2017,5.0
574,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or570-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Average ,"Fantastic Location, a stones throw away from Piccadilly tube station. Elegant hotel, geared towards corporate guests. Not so much couples and family's. Very expensive and worth the money. Lounge area had a poor selection for breakfast. Don't be fooled by the B&B rate. ",Date of stay: December 2016,3.0
575,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or575-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Excellent location, good breakfast, average room","This is my 2nd time in this hotel, It has a perfect location , excellent breakfast , good service. Breakfast could be improved by adding some meat that is not pork or fish . Toilet has some problems with the flush.",Date of stay: May 2017,5.0
576,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or575-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent well located hotel,Rooms are large well equipped and comfortable. Very close to Piccadilly Circus underground and easy access to Regent street. Staff are efficient and friendly. A great base from which to see many of London's many parks and sights,Date of stay: May 2017,5.0
577,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or575-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Perfect location but .....,"While the room was clean, beds comfortable and shower nice and powerful, I didn't sleep well during any of the four nights I was there.  The room was far too hot and despite air conditioning still remained overly warm all night and in our room on the third floor, the noise from traffic revving their engines at the traffic lights below on Regent Street, still penetrated the ear plugs I was wearing.  Would recommend requesting a room as high up as possible.",Date of stay: May 2017,3.0
578,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or575-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Nice historic hotel,"Stayed her the last few days in room 615 and 618. We had a few little problems like the light in our closet and over the shower was out. The issues were corrected quickly. The staff was very nice and helpful. The concierge staff was lacking a little bit at night. The complimentary SPG lounge was great and well stocked and attend to. Overall, this is a great hotel in a great location. I would highly recommend and would definitely  stay here again.",Date of stay: May 2017,4.0
579,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or575-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","awful staying, heating not working in a cold city","I will never go back, awful service from manager, heating not working, they charged my credit card twice... also the food was terrible, definitely never staying on that hotel again, better westin or W",Date of stay: May 2017,1.0
580,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or580-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, convenient, but bit old","Old building with smaller room than expected, yet the decoration of the room is impressive, love the paint on the wall. It's in a very perfect location with all the attractions, shopping, afternoon tea, china town, fine restaurants are all in walking distance. Executive floor is great, always with refresher if you feel like you need some snacks.  Wifi does not work well in some of the rooms.",Date of stay: March 2017,4.0
581,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or580-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",At the door - unbelievably poor customer service ,"Wandering around London and saw the property and thinking of stopping by for a drink and snack. Most hotels offer a smile and a good cup of chocolate.   Walked in through the main entrance and we were ""welcomed"" by the doorman asking if we are checking in. I said I'm coming in for a drink and snack. He literally turned me away and told me that the ""bar is closed""? I checked on your official website and it didn't mention anything about the closure of F&B facilities. Unbelievable customer service - literally discouraged guests walking through the door? The member of staff has to be retrained. ",Date of stay: May 2017,1.0
582,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or580-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Mixed feelings about this old favourite,"I should start by saying that this hotel has a lot going for it. I've stayed here a few times and it is a good option in a location can't be bettered for being right in the heart of London life, the service is excellent, the hotel facilities are great, the rooms are large and spacious and the beds are supremely comfortable. However, a few niggles to note that the modern traveler has come to expect perhaps? The hotel is old and presumably this accounts for the thin walls and noise between rooms. Sirens too, but then it's central London. The powers points and light switches in the rooms are awkward. To dry my hair I had to plug in next to the bed and stand on the other side of the room from the mirror. There was one universal switch for the lights - all on or all off together. We…",Date of stay: May 2017,4.0
583,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or580-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Convenient, Centrally Located and Comfortable","Very conveniently located, right in the heart of London, and close to pretty much everything .. the staff were very helpful and pleasant .. the rooms are decently sized for London and generally comfortable, but ours didn't seem to have great ventilation .. I felt the breakfast wasn't as well setup and varied in options as I'm used to at all Meridien's I've been staying at .. but it's still decent and in a lovely gallery / area ..  Overall it was a comfortable stay and worth a stay for the convenience",Date of stay: April 2017,4.0
584,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or580-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",A below average afternoon tea,"I booked an afternoon tea for four & were greeted & seated very quickly. The service was a little slow but the restaurant was busy & the waitress was new so completely understandable. We finished our initial sandwiches very quickly & as with all afternoon teas (and I've been to A LOT) we requested more. We were told that we would be charged extra. Surprised, we agreed as we were still quite hungry. We were given a total of 8 more finger sandwiches & 4 scones.  The bill was eventually requested & were all shocked when we discovered that we'd been charged an extra £48 for the extra sandwiches & scones. The waitress called the manager upon our request who explained that what we'd had was a 'light afternoon tea' in addition to our full afternoon tea & were charged accordingly. …",Date of stay: April 2017,2.0
585,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or585-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Centrally Located, Great Hotel","Had a fantastic stay for work at this hotel.  It is located in a very busy area, central to everything.  And there's a lot to do at night, pretty much can walk everywhere or a quick tube ride  (<10mins).  My room was upgraded (SPG Gold), but it was still small, maybe fair for European standard.  I asked them for another upgrade to a bigger room because my husband and son were going to join me on the last night and the 3 of us really wouldn't be able to fit in the room.  And they did, so very grateful that we were upgraded to a junior suite, very spacious, tons of room.  Will definitely be staying here again next time.  It's close to Hamley's, Lego Store, Chinatown, Convent Garden, etc.",Date of stay: April 2017,4.0
586,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or585-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Comfortable stay but not 5*,"Upon checking in we were not advised where breakfast would be or the times it would be available. Nor were we told where the bar or swimming pool were. We assumed the details would be in the welcome pack in the room, no such pack existed. We were given an upgrade for my partners birthday which was a nice surprise, however our expectations of a 5* room were not met. Had we stayed in the classic room, we likely would have been even more disappointed. The room was comfortable and warm but you do not expect stained walls and such basics in a 5* very expensive hotel.  The breakfast was good and we had paid for afternoon tea which was really lovely.   When we checked out, we waited for 15 minutes whilst the concierge gave other visitors a detailed description of local attractions. We…",Date of stay: April 2017,3.0
587,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or585-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Family trip to London,Slow check in out. Rooms and hotel very tired looking in need of update and redecorating. Lack of communication between staff departments. We were presented with a bill for breakfast which was already included in the price of the room. Not very friendly reception staff however concierge staff were very nice. Food good although dining area very cold. Very disappointing,Date of stay: April 2017,1.0
588,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or585-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Luxe, calme et volupté !!","It's a very nice hotel with a perfect location. We stayed one night and enjoy a not so big but very nice furnished and cosy bedroom. The pool/sauna is just fabulous includong the locker and we much enjoy a relaxing swin there ; then the soprt centre is well equipped. Breakfast was set in a very nice place and the food was just amazing, a lot, lots of choices and very good !! A very nice stay indeed !",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
589,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or585-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great Location and Very Nice Hotel,"Enjoyed our family stay here.  Wonderful lobby area and Jessica was very helpful on checking us in.  We had a junior suite which was lovely.  The staff at the club lounge are all outstanding and the food is delicious. The variety at breakfast could use some rotation, as they do with evening offerings. The hotel is a bit worn and I would hope that some renovation is planned, there were some maintenance issues all attended to by staff.  We very much enjoyed our stay.",Date of stay: April 2017,4.0
590,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or590-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Friendly Hotel,"Visited this hotel with my mother for a birthday afternoon tea using a Groupon voucher. The hotel was lovely and easy to locate, all staff were very friendly and the afternoon tea was amazing. We were seated by the window and to our surprise, the staff brought out an extra plate with 'Happy Birthday' on it with a couple of treats. My mother was thrilled, thank you so much. A truly wonderful experience and would highly recommend.",Date of stay: April 2017,5.0
591,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or590-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",My New Favorite London Hotel,"Firstly I should mention that I work for a Starwood/Marriott franchise Management company in the USA. Normally I try to stay at the W in London but after this stay at Le Meridien, I will not stay anywhere else. Ronald E at the front desk was a complete pleasure, I stay at various hotels (100 nights per year at least) and he was the most pleasant and helpful front desk agent I have ever experienced.  The room I had was larger than most standard London hotels, property was extremely clean, great bathroom products, large hallways and AMAZING location!  My new London go to place!!",Date of stay: April 2017,5.0
592,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or590-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Disapointing,"Certainly the worst 5 stars hôtel i have visited. Pictures are looking good but that's it. Small room, classic, Old, and the room si simply freezing without heating. One of usp si the pool .... off during 3 days.. peakseason during Easter  Hollyday . Paying a fortune to make a unique London experience. Next Time going  for air b'n'b . Called the reception  : not offering the heating in the  room ! Freezing Cold. How can a five star hotel in London have such a service 😭 not staying 4 nights in this room.",Date of stay: April 2017,2.0
593,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or590-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Good location with good service,"In London for two nights for work. The very central location was a definite bonus. Upon arrival, I was greeted quickly and with a smile. My room on the 2nd floor was good sized and included all the necessary appointments - king sized bed, desk, etc.. No view to speak of, but that was not an issue for me. Again, the location was perfect. With the free time I did have, I walked to Buckingham Palace, Westminster Abbey, and Covent Garden. Upon my departure, the staff was very helpful and very friendly.   I would recommend a stay here in Central London.  N*joy!",Date of stay: April 2017,4.0
594,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or590-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","PERFECT LOCATION, GREAT SERVICE AND RELAX AT THE HEARTBOF THE CITY","It is perfectly located nerby Picadilly Square, a few meters from Regent street and not far away from Covent Garden. The atmosphere is very pleasant, you will feel very relaxed in here. The breakfast is amazing in a big bright and comfortable gallery. There are a lot of facilities such as swimming pool, gym, conferences room...etc. It is true that bedrooms are very comfortable and clean, however not all of them have nice views and they could also be more spacious. Nevertheless I higly recommend it abd I do not doubt on comming back. ",Date of stay: April 2017,4.0
595,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or595-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",could have been better,"my brother and i stayed in this hotel for 6 nights on a business trip to London , in terms of location , its perfect , close to everything , either u re here for business or tourism , its perfect , as for the rooms , they need renovation , & i highly recommend u bring u re own ear plugs if u re a light sleeper , breakfast was ok , staff in general are friendly , another major drawback was the water pump , it was extremely poor , even the water was not that hot , a nice morning hot shower is always a delight specially on business trips , in this case it was a major disappointment , internet was fast and free of charge",Date of stay: April 2017,4.0
596,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or595-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Very good value, great location, very good club lounge","We really enjoyed our stay here.  We booked on points which worked out to 18,000 per night with our fifth night free.  22,500 nominal rate per night.  This was for a junior suite, which we needed since we had a child with us.  This was actually quite spacious by European standards, gave us two rooms instead of one and qualified us or the club lounge.  Bathroom was spacious and very nice.  For my fellow point travelers, I should say that this seemed to be the only Starwoods location in London that could accommodate us in a family type room.  Most of the hotels over here seem built for 2 to a room.  The Marriotts seem to be better with the family concept but they charge a huge amount of points.    We loved the location, which was really close to shopping, restaurants and the…",Date of stay: April 2017,5.0
597,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or595-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",True Hospitality !,"We had a great family vacation at this historic property in the heart of Piccadilly! From the check-in till we left, the entire staff was friendly and always willing to assist. While we were there the club Lounge was going through some renovation and they had moved the lounge to a mini ball room, but they remembered what my 13 year old like and made sure they had his special juice waiting for him. The location itself is so convenient for taking the subway, shopping or for eating out! We sure will stay there next time we travel to London !",Date of stay: January 2017,5.0
598,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or595-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great location,Beautiful hotel in a great location! Very convenient to all the great attractions London has to offer. Also very convenient to the tube and bus lines… So easy to get around. Highly recommend this hotel on all levels!,Date of stay: April 2017,4.0
599,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or595-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Best brunch ever!!,"Went for a celebratory brunch on Saturday, it was fantastic. It came with 2hrs of bottomless cocktails. Despite being. 5* hotel, they weren't stuffy or stingy. You never needed to ask for another drink because as soon as you were near the bottom of the glass, the staff were already asking if you wanted another. It was completely relaxing. The food seemed a weird combination, but parred superbly. We bought our in Groupon but was no cheaper than going to the hotel direct, plus you had more choice with the hotel. It's a perfect, I would love to do it again and would heartily recommend it not only for a special occasion, but nice to while away a couple of hours in a calm oasis in the centre of London.  ",Date of stay: April 2017,5.0
600,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or600-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Amusing, not on the return list!","You need to understand where this hotel starts out from, its  location is a bit of a funny place so for sure they must get some strange people booking in here......   it is not really a top level hotel. I have generally never had very good experiences of the the Le Meridian brand, so would place it among one of the lower end of brands run by the Starwood Group.    The room I was given was not so bad (one of the renovated rooms), it was large, generally clean and for me most important quiet.  A plus given the location.  The disaster part was the plumbing! maybe this is a factor of the whole British approach to plumbing.  Most hotels have this worked out as customers are expecting that when they turn the hot water tap on, that hot water comes out.  In Britain it seems to be normal…",Date of stay: April 2017,1.0
601,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or600-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Good stay in the heart of central London,"I stayed at this hotel for two weeks for a work project.  My room felt a bit old, but it was decent and comfortable.  The room service menu is expectedly expensive, but the food was really good.  It was bit too close to all the major tourist locations for my liking, but great and easy access to the Tube, very easy to get anywhere in London.",Date of stay: January 2017,4.0
602,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or600-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Beautiful hotel and amazing staff right in the heart of everything!,"Fantastic location within walking distance of everything touristy as well as fantastic restaurants and entertainment! The staff from the desk, door and club level went above and beyond to make sure our stay was comfortable and that we were attended to for anything we needed. Absolutely have never experienced more welcoming or willing to serve employees at any other property!",Date of stay: March 2017,5.0
603,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or600-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Good location, slightly worn hotel","I have stayed at Le Meridian a few times and on a previous stay was moved to a refurbished room as the room we had be allocated had a chipped bath and holes in the carpet. We requested a refurbished room on this occasion however they had all been taken. The room this time had red marks down the wall and an extremely creaky floor although we were informed that we had been upgraded to a Club room (whatever that means?). Two of the reasons we stay at this hotel are the location and breakfast as I have always rated it as one of the best breakfasts in London (we stay in London approx 12 times a year). This was not the case this time, the breakfast buffet was much reduced. The hash browns were rubbery, the fresh berries seemed to have been replaced with some sort of jam, there was no…",Date of stay: March 2017,3.0
604,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or600-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Afternoon Tea,"Went here for afternoon with my mum after booking on Groupon - it was relatively quiet on a Saturday afternoon but still had enough people for a nice atmosphere. The service was good and the prosecco was really delicious. Sandwiches were nice, great scones and the pastries were quite good as well. Not amazing, but very nice. We had extra tea and that was extortionate! But I understand they must get a lot of these bookings so they hike up the prices on extras. All in all, very nice!",Date of stay: March 2017,4.0
605,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or605-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great stay,"Very convenient location, only steps away from the tube, clean rooms, great staff and nice breakfast. Only negative thing is that the room does show some wear and tear. The fitness and swimming pool is also a very nice feature!",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
606,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or605-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Its OK. Dated and maybe better options but good location,"Its OK - nothing exceptional. Common areas nice and ""5 star"" but rooms were dated and tired - bordering on poorly maintained in places. Rooms very dusty and again bordering dirty in places. Didn't feel the room quality matched the common areas. For the price I'd check others nearby first like Savoy, Cafe Royal, W Hotel (far superior), any of the Firmdale Hotels (Soho Hotel, Ham Yard, etc). If you can get anything like a similar price choose those instead as there is nothing here that says 'exceptional' and its top of the price range for its category which it gets due to its location. However, there are plenty of well located hotels which might not have the 'star rating' but deliver better rooms - like Thistle Trafalgar Square, Raddison Leicester Square or Everyhotel Leicester…",Date of stay: March 2017,3.0
607,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or605-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Grubby Room,"Lets start with a positive:  The hotel is in an amazing location for the West End.    As you enter the hotel the entrance and Lobby is lovely. After a short wait I was checked in, my SPG membership was acknowledged which usually means I get a nicer room.      Next I enter the Lift and travel up to the 6th floor.  I walk down the corridor and it gets more and more depressing.  The carpets looks 30 years old, wall paper is peeling off.   I then open the door to my room and step into a very hot, very tired hotel room.  I turned on the AirCon and realised it was off to keep the noise down.  More peeling wallpaper.  A carpet tat made me want to keep my shoes and on.  Dirty light switches,  dirty walls,  a cheap wardrobe, the list goes on.  On the plus side the bed was comfortable and…",Date of stay: March 2017,1.0
608,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or605-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Very nice,"Very nice hotel indeed, and you could not expect anything more from a location perspective. Right at the heart of London! Rooms are clean, breakfast is good, staff is very friendly and rooms have almost everything you need. Gym and swimming pool are also a plus. ",Date of stay: March 2017,4.0
609,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or605-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great location in Piccadilly,"I stayed (3) nights at Le Meridien with my award points. As a platinum member, I was allowed to visit the lounge which has great selections of food at different hours of the day. The lounge attendants are superb as well. The check-in process is a little slow, no attendant at the loyalty desk when I arrived and the front desk were overwhelmed with check-in. The Le Meridien room is a little outdated, as you walked around, the floorboard will squeak. The bathroom has the standard Malin+Goetz amenities but again the piping is old. There's a heated swimming pool at the hotel but we didn't check it out. Overall, Le Meridien is a decent hotel. The location is great and centrally located to attractions and business. If you prefer a newer SPG hotel, there's a W hotel down the street at…",Date of stay: February 2017,4.0
610,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or610-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Terrible front desk and manager,"I was not given the room I reserved.  When I went back down to the front desk to get it fixed, the one person who knew how to work the reservation system preferred to stand around while his newly hired colleague struggled to figure it out. When she called her manager for help, he gave her only brief advice and left her again unable to solve the problem.  If you are okay with dismal service, the hotel itself is reasonable for the price and location.",Date of stay: March 2017,2.0
611,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or610-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent,"For over a decade I have been staying at this hotel and the rooms, service and staff are just amazing.  For those who have read my reviews in past I rarely give out 5 Stars but this hotel stay warrants it.  Recently, I stayed there and it was a pleasure to see so many familiar faces.  One person that always sticks out to me is Mr. Spencer, who I have got to know for years.  He is still greeting people with his infectious smile and always makes you feel great about your stay.  BUT, one amazing attribute about Mr. Spencer is that he always remembers me every time I visit London and comes to me to shake my hand.  We always have a quick chat to get caught up.  On this trip I had the pleasure of meeting a new barman, Mr. Angelo, who is from Rome, Italy.  He was a true professional at…",Date of stay: March 2017,5.0
612,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or610-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Poor reception!,"If you want a hotel that is central to the biz than this is it, if you can get a refurbished room it's perfect, that said on arrival it was frankly a joke a joke that appeared to be shared with the other customers complaining about their rooms.  When we arrived our refurbished room we were told was well worth waiting for; within an hour it wasn't available, we suspect it had something to do with other complaining customers being placated. However we did stand our ground and mysteriously an upgraded room become available again! Add to that ""we'll send up your luggage"" we had to retrieve it ourselves after two hours! It should be noted that on booking we had been promised one of the refurbed rooms.  The room itself was excellent, clean and well appointed, breakfast was excellent…",Date of stay: March 2017,3.0
613,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or610-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Old and run down. No special treatment for platinum members ,"We booked a family room for us and our 15 year old daughter. We are currently staying in the hotel and it is simply horrible. The bathroom is old and toilet doesn't flush properly. We asked to be placed in SPG preferred room and were told they are fully booked and don't have any of the remodeled rooms. We completed our tour in Europe using all SPG properties, all were terrific, except this one. Le Méridien in Barcelona was fantastic. It's almost like this property does not care that you are platinum customer.  I would strongly suggest corporate looks into this property more closely as it doesn't come close to Le Meriedien standard. ",Date of stay: March 2017,2.0
614,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or610-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Perfect London Location,"An older hotel in a great location -- just half a block from from Picadilly Circus Tube stop.  The staff were tremendous, helpful in every way.  The rooms, in spite of being located over busy streets, were quiet as a result of double windows (which could still be opened for air, however.)  We stayed for 8 days and were completely satisfied.  We ate at the restaurant one evening and found service to be excellent; food, while good, was not outstanding.  We would definitely go back when we return to London.",Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
615,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or615-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, poor service, 3 star at best.","Fabulous location and as any hotel in Central London goes, that convenience comes at a steep price.  We stayed here for a night - the room was a bit tired, well worn carpet, musky smell due to the age of the building and a fabulous view (not) looking out into the dining area of the hotel!!  That said, the beds were comfortable and we had a good night sleep.  You get a free cup of coffee at their restaurant though.  Beware...if there are two of you, you will need to share that cup as its only 1 per room.  What's with that????  The service however needs some serious attention.  if you are happy to pay 5 star prices for inconsistent service then this is your place!  The training of staff here is poor. After waiting 15 minutes to be served (we were trying to pick our bags up from…",Date of stay: March 2017,3.0
616,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or615-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Run down, poor quality. Disinterested","We stayed here one night. The location is great but it ends there. The inside of the property is old and run down. The bathroom was plainly decrepit with rust on fittings, cracked floors and tiles, bashes doors and dirty shower curtain.  The vent on the room air was filthy and the carpet worn. Outside the ""club level premium room"" a lonely vacuum cleaner stood all night. At the £28pp breakfast we received powdered eggs, undercooked sausage and empty fruit bowls. Our coffees arrived when we were finished.  As a lifetime platinum Marriott and now SPG member I can honestly say this was one of my most disappointing stays ever at what is claimed to be Premium property. It's management should be replaced immediately. Shameful. ",Date of stay: March 2017,1.0
617,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or615-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Extremely Poor Service,"I picked this over Sheraton Park Lane due to it's proximity to Piccadilly. Unfortunately that is about all this hotel has going for it. The rooms are mainly not renovated. As a SPG Platinum member I was lucky enough to get one of the renovated rooms on the 7th floor.  While better than the ones not renovated (a work colleague checked out within a few hours after finding almost nothing working) the room was tiny with views onto a wall! I was promised a better room but no one bothered to call...maybe because the room phone didn't work and it was impossible to order room service...no answer from front deck, concierge or anyone! Oh and Wifi is ridiculously slow everywhere. It's back to the Park Lane Hotel for me!",Date of stay: March 2017,1.0
618,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or615-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",A centrally located hotel WITH POOL and ambience,"I've stayed at the Meridien/Piccadilly numerous times, with and withour family, and it's still the preferred hotel for me/us when we're in London.  The staff is polite and courteous, and the location allows you to walk to almost all the main tourist sites in central London. The pool (and squash courts!) in the cellar is a great place to relax after a long day in the city. The only thing you need to be aware of is, that there are SO MANY DIFFERENT ROOM TYPES (it's an old hotel) that you must look carefully before choosing a room. Some rooms are great, located far from the lifts and with almost no disturbances from the hallways, others are the opposite.",Date of stay: January 2017,4.0
619,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or615-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Wonderful stay. I would definitely return!,We had a wonderful stay at this beautiful hotel. This hotel is in an outstanding location. Service was wonderful. The hotel has very nice ameneties. I will be staying here the next time that I come to London.,Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
620,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or620-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great location with a sufficient room,"We recently took a 4 day trip from Chicago to London.  We booked our hotel via a Priceline Express Deal, and Le Meridient Piccadilly was the selected hotel.    Positives:  We LOVED the location of the hotel as it was close to absolutely everything.  The bed was clean and comfortable, and the room was a decent size for London.  The bathroom was also very clean.  The room had no street noise at night, and the blinds were thick so that light didn't come in.  I'm highly particular about my sleep conditions, and this hotel met my requirements.  We didn't care about it not including breakfast because Pret a Manger (my favorite cheap take away eat) was within a block, so we had easy access to a great breakfast.  The front desk staff were also friendly and efficient.  Negatives:  As…",Date of stay: January 2017,3.0
621,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or620-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Needs some updating, but overall it was a good choice","Stayed at Le Meridien Piccadilly for a week-long business trip. While the hotel needs some updating to the common areas and rooms, it makes up for it in other ways:  Location: The best thing about this hotel is its location. It's one block from the Piccadilly tube station and a quick walk to Piccadilly Circus, Oxford Circus, Leicester Square, Fortnum & Mason, the National Galleries, Green Park and plenty of restaurants. Oh, and there's a Whole Foods a couple blocks away.  Room: My room was pretty small, but that's to be expected in a city like London.  Though, my closet was large enough to also serve as a changing area. The bed was comfortable and even though my room faced the busy Piccadilly street, I never heard much noise, so the sound proofing was amazing. Plus, I tend to…",Date of stay: March 2017,4.0
622,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or620-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Nice hotel with lovely service,Stayed over as having dinner in Piccadilly & got a great discount on Priceline.  Front desk service was excellent there was a gentleman in training & he was extremely courteous.  The room was nice beds were really comfy & very quiet considering we were in the middle of the city.  We had a nice drink in the bar before going out ... good cocktail list.  Would stay there again. ,Date of stay: March 2017,4.0
623,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or620-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Wonderful hotel,This hotel made a very memorable stay for my parents. They loved location and staff. Many thank to the whole staff including Ronald and Grzegorz at the front desk and Marina at the clublounge for making this special weekend happen. We would highly recommend this hotel to everyone!,Date of stay: March 2017,5.0
624,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or620-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Cannot guarantee interconnecting rooms even on family rates,"Ok so many hotels offer guaranteed interconnecting rooms but not these guys - even when booking on one of their so called ""family packages"" which is pre-paid months in advance.  They say that the hotel is too busy to guarantee it and yet so many other full hotels do offer this including Hyatts in London, Westins in Paris and so many other locations. Basically it is just laziness on the management to put in the little bit of effort it would take to pre-assign rooms.  Be aware you will not be given interconnecting rooms at this hotel even if you have small children and even if you are a Platinum SPG member.",Date of stay: June 2016,1.0
625,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or625-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Let down afternoon tea,"I was very disappointed with my experience here. Having dined here before I was expecting good things. They couldn't find my booking but we were eventually seated. Dietary requirements for an allergy were ignored three times. Food average, the pastries were the highlight. Took over 20 minutes to pay the bill. Many better places for afternoon tea. ",Date of stay: March 2017,3.0
626,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or625-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great Retreat ,"The Le Meridien is a lovely hotel located in the most busiest, touristy areas in London. It was perfect for my sister whom crashed with me during a recent business trip to London. The location is in the center of Piccadilly and steps from Piccadilly Circus. The guest rooms vary in size, we had a family room with two queen beds! Very spacious. We had a lovely view of the Big Ben, cookies every day, complimentary water, free WIFI, and chocolates at turn down service. We also booked the club level access which is certainly worth the extra charge. We had access to the lounge all day with breakfast service ( hard boiled eggs, meats, cheese, cereals, toast, yogurt, muffins, croissants etc- afternoon Tea, lite bites early evening and wine and cheese in the evening. If you are traveling…",Date of stay: February 2017,4.0
627,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or625-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",In the Center of Everything,"If you are in London for pleasure, this is a perfect location.  You can walk almost anywhere you want to go, from the theaters of the West End to all of the major museums, to Buckingham Palace, the Houses of Parliament, even Harrods.  The rooms are pleasant if not over the top luxurious, and the service food and exercise facilities are quite good.  A little know fact is that the hotel has one of the largest private indoor pools in London, and it is very beautiful.",Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
628,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or625-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Terrible service,"I stayed at Le Meridien Picadilly over several weeks for business trip. Although it benefits from an ideal location in London, the quality of service is very disappointing, and does not reflect the standards of Le Meridien brand: arrogant and useless reception service, poor IT system (booking lost), absolutely no care of frequent customers. Furthermore, there is a strong need for room refurbishment (moisture signs on the walls, obsolete furniture).",Date of stay: February 2017,1.0
629,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or625-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Disappointed,"So I'm currently here.    I arrived early and there was not a room ready which is to be expected and I left my luggage.  I was surprised that my SPG Platinum number hadn't made it to the booking and the reception couldn't look me up (""computer issues"").  I found my number and all was cleared up and early access was given to the lounge.  My luggage was taken away.  In my experience, I was somewhat surprised to see that the lounge was very limited in breakfast offering.  Croissants and bread, one type of cheese and another of ham, about three cereals and not a lot else.  I asked for a Hot Chocolate and was directed towards the hot drinks machine, though as I chose to make a cheese and ham sandwich first the nice young lady got the drink for me.  Returning to the hotel at 9pm I…",Date of stay: February 2017,3.0
630,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or630-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Classy and Heart of everything,"I stayed here for a night and enjoyed my stay. It was very high end and safe, at a certain point they lock the front entrance so only guests can come in with their room keys. The club lounge could have had a better breakfast. Got a club room and it was massive!! came with 2 full bathrooms, double bed, and a pullout couch. No parking. It's extremely close to china town, trafalgar square, and lots of high end stores! great stay",Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
631,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or630-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great location and nice stay,"There seem to be several mediocre to poor reviews of this property from other guests.  However, I recently spent 4 nights with my 15-year old daughter.  We found the hotel staff very accommodating and the property clean and well-kept.  The building itself is older - you get a lot of that in central London.  We stayed in a ""family room"" - a larger room with 2 queen beds.  The room was perhaps the largest hotel room I've ever experienced in London.  The hotel restaurant offered a full hot breakfast buffet.  We found the food very good and the buffet was both well-stocked and well-tended, coffee's promptly filled and topped off by the wait staff.  One morning when my daughter wanted to sleep in the hostess suggested I take a buffet plate upstairs to her ;-)  The hotel is very…",Date of stay: February 2017,4.0
632,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or630-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Very Nice Hotel in a Great Location,"I was very impressed with the hotel . . . check-in service efficient, the restaurant had a good selection of items both for breakfast and lunch, and the concierge was exceedingly attentive and helpful.",Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
633,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or630-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",not worth the price paid,"needs a lot of updating,staff and rooms,having to use room key card in the lift is a nightmare,if you just use the hotel as a base location is great,standard rooms are small with only room for 1 person in the bathroom at a time,have stayed in much better 4* hotels in london",Date of stay: February 2017,3.0
634,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or630-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Supposedly premium hotel whose management needs a kick up the backside,"The location doesn't come much more central - a few steps from Piccadilly Circus, and a heritage building that is one of London's landmark hotels.  Unfortunately, Le Meridien Piccadilly is an example of a nice place that's being slowly done to death by shoddy management.  The rooms are generally reasonably sized for central London, but tired - cracked bathroom sinks, peeling paint and windows that are grubby and don't seal properly.  The level of attention to detail in service leaves a lot to be desired - room cleaning is patchy, with a room service tray hanging around for four days (it became an experiment to see just how long it would get overlooked).  The gym is something of a disappointment, too - a full 50% of equipment was broken while I was there for a week.  The lockers…",Date of stay: January 2017,2.0
635,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or635-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Perfect location- mediocre service! ,"Stayed here with my family just before Christmas. Loved the location of the hotel, so central near all our favorite stores and restaurants, but the service at the hotel was mediocre at best!  Continental breakfast was so overpriced and selection very limited. Service at breakfast was slow and sloppy- had to practically beg for attention and refill off coffee. Also nothing vegetarian or greens to choose from.  On the positive side the selection of berries and cut fruits was a welcome surprise!  Housekeeping and cleaning of rooms was sloppy. How about taking out all trash and tidying the bed properly?  Seriously, for what we paid for the stay, I had expected more. ",Date of stay: December 2016,3.0
636,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or635-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",A tired old lady in need of renovation,"If you're looking for a hotel with easy access to all the London sites then the Meridien's location can't be faulted. Just 100 metres from Piccadilly tube station and only 20 minutes from Euston. (It's also only 50 metres from one of London's best coffee,  chocolate and nut shops - Carpo, really worth a visit). The reception, bar and terrace are smart and elegant, Staff generally very friendly and helpful. Concierge was knowledgeable and recommended a great Italian 'Getti' 2 minutes walk away. Unfortunately the rooms are very very tired and fall far behind the standards of other 5 star  (and some 4 star) hotels that I have stayed in, in London at a similar price. Plastic shower curtain in a five star hotel - seriously !!!,      Family room 349 was very large and quiet, beds…",Date of stay: February 2017,3.0
637,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or635-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Saturday Brunch,"We didn't stay here, we went for Saturday Brunch.   There were 4 adults and 2 children, and we had a great time.   The staff were helpful and attentive. Having my niece and nephew with us wasn't a problem, and their food and drinks were free.   The food was excellent, you get a buffet starter, a choice of mains (you choose 2) and a dessert platter.   Finally you get cocktails included, to wash all the food down.   All told it was a lovely way to spend and afternoon with the family. ",Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
638,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or635-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Alone at last ,"A pleasant atmosphere with a friendly service, this hotel restaurant lacks patrons. While that can be an advantage for anyone wanting to dine alone, it can be a very lonely experience. The only chatter comes from the clatter of glasses, crockery and cutlery as the tables are set for breakfast. ",Date of stay: February 2017,4.0
639,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or635-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Another excellent stay!,"I just completed my second weekend stay at this hotel and had another delightful experience! Once again, my SPG Platinum status was recognized and led to an upgrade to a Junior Suite on the 5th floor. From check-in to check-out, the staff were courteous and helpful. The hotel is just minutes away from the Piccadilly Tube line and 5-10 minute walk from a number of theatres, cafes, restaurants, and shopping outlets. St. James and Hyde Parks are also a short-distance away. I look forward to my next stay!",Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
640,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or640-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent location ,"This hotel offers very good service .  The staffs are courteous , helpful and very attentive .  The breakfast in the restaurant is excellent .  Location location location very centrally located in the west end . Easily accessible by public transportation and Tube it is just one minute away .  The rooms are gradually being refurbished but they are comfortable . The only draw back is the older rooms the shower could be a bit occur .  For the location it comes with a price . But very handy and everything play , shows, tourist sight , shopping are all within reach . ",Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
641,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or640-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Short Visit,Location is great service is ok. But hotel rooms furniture and fixtures are kind of chappy and need some upgrade to match 5 stars international standard.  Also limited food choices provided in hotel restaurants but that might be ok with all the surrounding options to dine in at the hotel prime location,Date of stay: November 2016,3.0
642,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or640-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Business overnight,"Good value hotel in the middle of town. I am a gold car member and always upgraded to thoroughly suggest coming if you also enjoy this benefit.  Nice big rooms on the spg floors, decent brekky.  Needs a bit of t and c to compete with the dorchester and the newly renovated rooms at the grosvenor house.... but i do feel this place offers value as long as you have the spg status.  Super gym too... \",Date of stay: January 2017,4.0
643,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or640-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Beautiful hotel, excellent location, wonderful staff","After a work assignment had me in London for an extended period, during which I lived at Le Meridien Piccadilly, this has been the only hotel where I stay in London. The hotel itself has tremendous charm, blending a classic facility with all the necessary modern amenities, including a top-notch gym, beautiful pool, sun room-style breakfast restaurant, and much more. I've found the staff to be courteous and eager to help with any request; note that if you're a regular traveler, they have a real talent for remembering their guests' preferences and doing what they can to accommodate. On my last visit, they'd even made note of my favorite room in the hotel and assigned the room to me before I'd even asked if it was available. (The rooms, by the way, are beautiful.) And to top it all…",Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
644,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or640-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great location and a very good club lounge,"My wife and I have stayed at Le Meridien Piccadilly on two separate trips to London, most recently Sept. 28 - Oct. 3, 2016.  We love the location - just steps away from Piccadilly Circus and the underground.  It is an easy walk to the West End theaters, Green Park, St. James Park (beautiful!) and Buckingham Palace.  The hotel has a very good club lounge, which we have taken advantage of by purchasing a club room.  The breakfast is not a US-style hot breakfast buffet but we enjoy the offerings.  You can also stop by to get a glass of wine or a beer with a snack during the happy hour.  At the end of an evening out on the town, we like the Longitude 0 8 bar - the bartender there makes great drinks and it is a cozy atmosphere.  The restaurant (Terrace Grill and Bar) is also very…",Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
645,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or645-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Very good for conference,"Really good hotel for a conference, excellent location, facilities very good too.   Located off Piccadilly, which means it is very accessible from any part of London, meaning you get very good attendance, food really is first class.",Date of stay: February 2017,4.0
646,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or645-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Service let down the overall experience ,"Yesterday 11th Feb I treated my friend to champagne afternoon tea ahead of her up & coming wedding. I must admit we were both disappointed by the overall service - we had to ask for most things... water, our drinks,our tea! It was difficult to make eye contact with any of the waiters...we felt quite invisible during our visit. The afternoon itself was nice but the bread was pretty dry. I have to admit I'm not sure I would go back due to the service for a 5* hotel there is a lot of room for improvement. ",Date of stay: February 2017,2.0
647,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or645-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Cozy,"This is a very nice hotel that is located close to everything! The rooms are very well kept and the concierge rocks! We did feel the club lounge was lacking from other SPG hotels, but the overall experience was excellent!",Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
648,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or645-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",The perfect place in London,"The hotel is excellent, the service is very good. The location of the hotel can't be better... in the heart of London at Picadilly Circus...You are near of everything... And you can move around with metro and bus... This hotel is really excellwnt.",Date of stay: October 2016,5.0
649,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or645-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Fantastic hotel in a great location,"This is one of the best locations of any hotel in London. We shopped on Oxford St, Regent St, and Carnaby. Saw a show in the West End, ate in Chinatown and Soho and went to Buckingham Palace and Covent Garden without using the underground all weekend. The staff are so nice and friendly, nothing is too much trouble and they are very knowledgeable and competent. Our family room overlooking the city was so spacious with a large bathroom and dressing room. Highly recommend a stay here.",Date of stay: January 2017,5.0
650,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or650-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great location,"We loved this hotel mainly because of its great location! 10-15 minutes walk to Soho, Buckingham Palace, and more! Lots of cafes and dining right outside hotel. We had a very big room, but not a very good view. Large gym and spa in the basement.  ",Date of stay: September 2016,5.0
651,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or650-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",If an inconvenience is how a guest is supposed to feel.  They deliver it. ,"I will keep it short. Location excellent, room fair size, well appointed and comfortable. Service is horrible. Front desk is indifferent to service. For the most part they do not speak or understand English properly. Sad that in London you struggle to make yourself understood while speaking English. Restaurant service is poor as well. ",Date of stay: January 2017,3.0
652,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or650-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Overall a Good Property,"The location is very good - around 200 meters from the Picadilly Station, 10 minutes walk to Leicester, China Town, Regent Street, and Oxford Circus.. 15 minutes walk to Buckingham Palace, and around 30 minutes walk to Big Ben. It is super convenient for both leisure and business travelers.   The hotel is indeed not that old as mentioned in many TripAdvisor travelers. The lobby is newly renovated. The room, although, is getting old, it is fair enough. The bed is comfy, and standard SPG amenities are equipped. The bathroom is also not new, but the water temperature and water pressure is wonderful.   The reasons I am reducing one star are the crack of a toilet bowl's seat and the consistency of housekeeping service. The seat was cracked for the first few days of my stay, but it…",Date of stay: January 2017,4.0
653,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or650-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Location rules,Easy to approach hotel with excellent location. Rooms surprisingly large in London scale and service works well. Breakfast not so strong but basic British incridients can be found. Bar downstairs served well after the dinner.,Date of stay: January 2017,4.0
654,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or650-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, needs revamp","The hotel is in a fantastic location right near Piccadilly Circus. Theaters, museums, great shopping, parks and the tube station are within short walking distance.   As mentioned by others, the rooms need updating.  As an SPG member I was upgraded to a suite. The rooms were large and bright, but the furnishings and decor are overdue for an upgrade.  The club lounge is excellent with breakfast, afternoon tea, cocktails, among other services.   The staff are friendly and helpful.   I would stay here again because of the location and staff, but it would not be my first choice in London.  Hopefully some much needed investment will be made to return this hotel to its former glory.",Date of stay: January 2017,3.0
655,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or655-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Rapid decline,"I've stayed at this hotel many times over the last 20 years due to its convenient location.  This time I was shocked at how much the hotel has fallen in terms of physical condition and service.  My 'deluxe' room was, in fact, shabby.  Furniture was worn and scratched.  Paint was peeling off the walls in some places, especially the bathroom.  Water spurted out unevenly from the sink and shower.  Temperature control of the heating system was basically limited to hot or cold.  Maid service forgot to provide washcloths and only provided one hand towel (even though there were two of us in the room).  Meanwhile when I tried to phone the hotel's main number at 10:00am yesterday, no one answered the phone for over 15 minutes.    This is in contrast to the recently renovated Starwood…",Date of stay: January 2017,2.0
656,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or655-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","No longer grand, tired old hotel.",Scruffy rooms. Noisy air conditioning. Worn and uncomfortable mattress (ended up sleeping on floor). Inadequate lighting to do work. Free but impossibly slow wifi.  Staff slow and argumentative with other guests. Housekeeping staff with poor English but courteous. TV seems to default to pay tv and porn.Good fitness centre but pool closed. Not up to 5 stars.,Date of stay: January 2017,2.0
657,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or655-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Tiny rooms, expensive breakfasts!",The air conditioner got the room very cold. We slept well. lets anyone connect to their TVs with HDMI cables. But it is quite expensive for the size of the rooms if you ask me and the breakfast is expensive as well.,Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
658,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or655-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Excellent location, exceptional service ",I was hesitant to stay here after I read reviews & am very pleased that I decided to stay. The staff was great. The English Breakfast was delicious . I had a suite & decided to stay an extra day & the suites were sold out so I stayed on the first floor in the SPG remodelled room which I liked more than the suite. I also enjoyed the marble steam room.,Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
659,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or655-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, staff, fitness center","I stay here a lot. Great location wrt Piccadilly Circus, Trafalgar Square, Regent Street, etc.  Friendly staff.  Nice large modern fitness center with staff.  Decent prices.  Was a bit loud at night - hallway noise travels, thin walls.  Wish they had a whirlpool.  Overall, quite good. ",Date of stay: January 2017,4.0
660,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or660-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Disappointing .....,"You expect much better from a 5* hotel in London.... Very good location at Piccadilly Circus. The personel is not very friendly,just doing their job. I got a very tiny room for that type of very expensive room.",Date of stay: September 2016,3.0
661,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or660-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",one of best location to stay in London,"great lication to go anywhere by walk, tube and buses  modern service provided with old classical building which is renovated well  people are friendly and kind, not like other English personnel!  I am sure you will be happy to stay this hotel",Date of stay: January 2017,4.0
662,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or660-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great location; very nice bar; excellent staff; rooms need updating,"Hard to imagine a hotel with a better location, just steps from Piccadilly Circus.  The hotel has many fine features; a really good bar, and excellent staff.  There's a gym that's perfectly serviceable.  The rooms are not in such great shape however, and the one I was given on my most recent trip was distinctly shabby.  Not enough power outlets in convenient locations.  I also had no control over the room's temperature; it was way too hot, and the windows won't open; I had to turn on the air conditioning (in January) to get the room down to a comfortable temperature.  I also had only erratic hot water.  This is hotel that has seen better days and needs some upgrading. But the location for the price rally can't be beaten.",Date of stay: January 2017,3.0
663,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or660-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Well run first class hotel, not perfect but very good!","Great location.  They let me do both an early check in (to accomodate my flight arrival) and late check out, for which I was very grateful, and the folks at the front desk were very efficient and friendly.  Room was nice and clean, but it was noisy--next to the restaurant on the 2nd floor and no view--so very comfortable but no sense of being in London.  The included breakfast was good (espresso drinks made-to-order Illy!  great smoked salmon! Great fruit) and the event buffet lunch was great.  My only complaint was that the concierge/bellman/front desk didn't seem to be working together in alignment and the concierge seemed annoyed when the front desk brought me to the him for help and tried to send me back...kind of a ""not my departnment"" attitude.  I would stay here again.",Date of stay: January 2017,4.0
664,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or660-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Nice luxury hotel,"I always stay at le meridien brand, be couse thats brand as like my big family, and always know what i need,I come to london three time a year, and alwasy stay at le meridien piccadily, the hotel near by to down town and making easy for me to shop and go to my main office",Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
665,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or665-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great menu ,I loved the bar menu upstairs . Excellent burger . I have tried their both bars upstairs and lower ground floor . Both have excellent and engaging staff .Quality of beverage and food is very impressive .Although both bars were not very busy during my visit . Bartender upstairs is very friendly and prepares great cocktails . ,Date of stay: October 2016,5.0
666,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or665-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, rooms need an uplift","I have mixed feelings about this hotel.  I choose it for the location which is perfect for shopping and restaurants.  As a SPG Platinum member,  I have to ask for the most updated room on floor 1.  I always run into some issues with the rooms - power goes out, no heating, windows don't close all the way and plumbing issues.   The club lounge is very good.",Date of stay: September 2016,3.0
667,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or665-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Awesome brunch,"We had a sumptuous Brunch,with free flowing cocktails, Brilliant. Great service ,Great location. Good times. Food was a buffet of starters,followed by tapas sized mains all lovely. Pastries to finnish were a bit disappointing.",Date of stay: January 2017,5.0
668,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or665-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Impressive building, but that's about it!!","This is a fantastic building in the heart of the west end close to theaters, bars and restaurants as well as great access to the tube. However, that's the positives for this 5 star priced hotel! As a diamond member, you always hope you manage to secure at a one room upgrade, but on this occasion, I simply got the expensive but basic room I paid for! I was told it was a better room, with a truly amazing view of the hotel back yard! The hotel management also refused to allow me the option of breakfast in the main restaurant in addition to the platinum points - something that the Le Meridien brand does without even asking across Asia - so I did not feel this was a Starwood friendly hotel that valued my loyalty! The room was basic, small by some hotel standards with good bathroom…",Date of stay: December 2016,3.0
669,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or665-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Club room,"My  two friends and I stayed at Le Meridien during New Years Eve weekend. I've booked a club room which is ideal for a family or a triple room. The room was spacious and had two bathrooms. I loved the location of the hotel. It is a 15 minute experience,j to oxford street and right next to all the night spots at night. We were near all the plays and nice restaurants. The lounge was great because it gives you access. To nice coffee breaks with delicious treats. ",Date of stay: January 2017,5.0
670,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or670-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Pros and Cons,"My spouse and I stayed here for new years weekend, and there were some pros and cons.  Let's start with the good!  The hotel is in the best location possible.  It's right on the Piccadilly line for easy access from Heathrow (and everywhere else), and it's super walkable to my favorite parts of town including Soho and Hyde Park.  Being in such a busy area on new years, the hotel was remarkably calm and quiet.  The service was outstanding from the front desk to the maintenance guys.  As an SPG platinum member, we had access to the lounge for free breakfast, snacks all day, and wine and cheese each night.  The beds were comfortable and the bathroom was modern and clean.  The bad - the biggest issue for us was not external noise, but internal noise!  We were upgraded to an updated…",Date of stay: January 2017,4.0
671,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or670-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Right in the heart of London and an easy walk or tube ride everywhere,Our room was small - I would try not to be on the first floor another time. But London and hotels often have small rooms. The breakfast at the hotel was good and the staff were very helpful at the front desk. The concierge was very helpful with storing all our shopping! you are right by Fortnum & Mason and close to lost of good restaurants. We went to Claridge's  Fera was divine.,Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
672,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or670-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, but old facility and poor service","I can't believe it is a five star hotel, maybe I have too high expectation on the brand. Really regretted that we choose here as the last spot for our honeymoon.  The room we stayed, every step we took, the floor sounds like cracking and it could fall at anytime, and I saw a blood stain on the bed sheet right after we entered the room, and the room service even asked if I made that happened!?  The dining in room is worse than microwave food, over cooked spaghetti with plain sauce; sandwiches with cold and hard to bite bread, I still can't believe this is the hotel which I expected for so long.   By the morning of our checking out day, the cleaning lady didn't knock or check at all and directly opened our door room at 8am, thank God that we did remember to lock the door, or how…",Date of stay: January 2017,1.0
673,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or670-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Wonderful Location,"Located in the heart of Piccadilly, this is a lovely hotel.  Be prepared to heave your luggage up the stairs from Piccadilly tube station as there is no elevator or escalator. The hotel itself is lovely, the room itself had everything you could want, and was typical in London design, mixing the old with the new. The one let down for the room was the bathroom - the bath had so many chips and cracks in it, and the sink area was extremely small. The power of the water supply in the shower was quite weak. frankly for the price, we were expecting a lot more, but because of building/renovation  restrictions on old buildings in central London, Hotels will never be as good as new builds can offer.",Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
674,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or670-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Tea at the Le Méridien Piccadilly,"Top of my wife's list was tea while in London.  The difficulty is finding a reasonable tea that will also accommodate us with our 3 kids. I'll tell you the Le Méridien Piccadilly was outstanding and had an option for kids too.  The sandwiches were fresh, delicious and abundant.  They had tea and/or hot chocolate for the kids and champagne for the adults.  The service was exceptional and was not crowded at all.  I would highly recommend this tea for a family and will definitely be back next time in London.",Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
675,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or675-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Business Trip,Rooms were a little crammed!  On request the front desk upgraded me to a suite.  Was an average room type. The breakfast bar was great and location of the hotel is super awesome. Everything is walking in the heart of the city. Considering all the benefits I did not mind the average room type.,Date of stay: October 2016,3.0
676,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or675-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",A little outdated but good service ,A short stop in London on our way for Xmas holiday and stayed here for three nights. The hotel could need some makeover but staff are service minded and nice. The location however makes it a perfect stay,Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
677,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or675-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Splendid,"We stayed here as part of a package, show and hotel. Would recommended this hotel to others, not cheap but worth the money. Breakfast was included (thank goodness) in our deal. Perfect location for theatre land, China town and all shops.  ",Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
678,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or675-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Good location only.,"Having read the mixed reviews of this hotel I was somwhat apprehensive in booking but did so due to its location. The problems I read about and braced myself for became reality on checking in. I was told that they did not have the twin room I booked 3 months earlier so 'upgraded' us to a room with one double bed! We were told that they would place a second bed in The room by the end of that night, what they actually did was convert a sofa in the room to a 'bed' which was rubbish and not what we paid for. The furniture in the room was all mismatched and the bathroom was dirty. We were located next to some kind of cleaners store room so in the morning from 6.30am we would keeping hearing that door slamming. Exasberated, I ended up getting out of bed and went out to the corridor to…",Date of stay: December 2016,3.0
679,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or675-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent location and very friendly staff,"I stayed at this hotel for 4 nights earlier this month, December 2016, and it's my first visit to London since 1997 so the location is perfect, service is very nice, wonderful staff, concierge is very helpful, excellent Club Lounge. Very recommended hotel. ",Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
680,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or680-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great Hotel,"This Hotel is in Piccadilly Circus and a 30 second walk from the subway (tube).   If you stay here, it is like staying the Time Square NYC.   I was able to take the tube to every major sight in London and walked around the city. The staff excels in customer service.   Great place, I will stay here again.",Date of stay: November 2016,5.0
681,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or680-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Bar review - amazing cocktails!,"After a long and tiring flight from Italy to London, the bar staff at Le Meridien made me feel welcome and prepared some amazing cocktails that got me back on my feet. The bar area is cozy and comfortable, as it was a Friday night, it was quite crowded, but the staff is caring and looks after you, making sure your experience is unforgettable. I loved the Christmas decorations: the lights and the tree, but above all I loved the cocktails! The spicy mojito, the vanilla gin mix and above all the espresso martini. Naresh and Mariola, who were on shift that night, are really skilled and lovely to talk to. Highly recommended!",Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
682,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or680-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Amazing location but horribly worn down hotel,"Without a doubt this hotel has a fantastic location! However, the rooms are extremely outdated and run down, where is the luxury in luxury hotel? Honestly, did not feel like a 5* hotel. Since my father is a SPG platinum preferred guest, the two of us were allowed access to the lounge located right above the lobby. It was really small and did not consists of a large range of variety of snacks and refreshments. The scones were pretty good though. The staff were very friendly, but nothing out of the ordinary. I reckon with a renovation, it will do wonders for the hotel!",Date of stay: April 2016,3.0
683,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or680-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",The Terrace Restaurant,"What a fantastic location, shame about the pretty ordinary food, over cooked floppy chips are really not was expected in a 4 Satan hotel. The steak was OK but nothing special, though the desserts were great. Sha,e that the server had to repeat the other twice, patently his understanding of English was poor and to have to,ask for more drinks 4 times showed a distinct lack of service, if I hadn't been being entertained the main course would have been returned",Date of stay: December 2016,2.0
684,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or680-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Tired & oddly appointed,"The pictures look much better on the website then in person. The rooms are very tired, poor circulation (could barely open a window & the air conditioning was weak at best - stuffy rooms) bad lighting as well... Went to have a cocktail & snack in the bar off of the lobby - if you can wait 1/2 for a drink - you're golden, and another wait for your bill. The redeeming part is that the staff in the hotel were kind, good pillows & a great location. ",Date of stay: December 2016,2.0
685,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or685-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Significant improvements made ...but still some way to go,"This property is right at Piccadilly circus, walking distance from the entertainment and shopping areas. The underground station is nearby and taxi stands and bus stops right in front of the hotel. The newly refurbished rooms although very small are tastefully decorated and make a very pleasant stay. The other rooms including the suites are rather ""well used"" in urgent need of a significant maintenance and ""face-lift"". The staff are very friendly, professional and attentive. It is a combined business and mass tourist property so service and individual recognition very much depends of how busy it is. The fitness room and the swimming pool in the basement is definitely worth enjoying.",Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
686,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or685-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Disappointing,"We stay here in the heart of the West End whilst visiting London for a theatre/Christmas shopping trip. At £320 per night for a standard/Classic room, we thought we would get a nice, but small room. However, our room, although on the 2nd floor, was effectively 6ft under ground as only the upper 2ft of the window had daylight, which was additionally obscured by an A/C unit. The rest of the window looked onto a concrete wall only 6 inches away. Whilst unhappy with the room we decided to grin and bear it. However on returning to the room at 10:30 there was a party in a function room nearby, which had loud music thumping out a heavy base. We were promised it would stop at 11:00, which it indeed did for about 5 minutes. ",Date of stay: December 2016,2.0
687,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or685-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Not up to the standard of other Meridiens,"Very basic (and quite run down) rooms - feels more like a 3* hotel, not especially helpful and friendly service, however good/central location (if you need to be in this part of town).  Would not recommend - especially giving ourtrageous pricing (even for London standards)",Date of stay: April 2016,3.0
688,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or685-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",It was OK.,"It was OK. One night for 2 of us, no breakfast, for £275 is expensive, and I don't think it was worth that. We arrived at about 2.15 to check in but were told the room wouldn't be ready until 3pm, so we left our contact number. No call received, so we returned at 3pm and the room was ready. The 'call back ' process didn't work for us. The room was clean enough. Everything seemed to work OK, though the room and bathroom looked tired. Great location though, but not worth £275.",Date of stay: December 2016,3.0
689,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or685-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great location but unprofessional staff,I have stayed at this hotel a few times.  The location is great but last time I completely lost it.  The staff made me wait for my check in for hours (though I wasn't the one who had originally booked the room and was early from the airport) and they wouldn't even let me leave the bag there.  Superbad service in that regard and when I go up to the restaurant I always get to wait to be served. Food is good. Not more. The sitting area at the resto is lovely though. Very light and great to sit for a coffee or lunch (if one has the time for the sloooow service i.e).  Me and my friends did not have a great experience in this hotel and will not be frequent guests any longer. One can get so much better for this price in London.,Date of stay: June 2016,2.0
690,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or690-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great location-average hotel-Convenient to attractions & subway,We have stayed here several times over the years and you are paying for a great location.  Rooms are satisfactory and comfortable.  Front desk is either very friendly and helpful or frigid-depending on whom you encounter.  Requested early check-in but did not even get in the room until later afternoon (much later than arrival check-in time) so beware.  Good maid service.  Bell captain outstanding.  You can walk to many different areas easily or grab the subway or cap.  Excellent Italian restaurant across street.  Easy to way to theater district also.  Expensive hotel but great location.,Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
691,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or690-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Value for money,"I stayed there quite a few times and I found it's very convenient to explore London. Located on Piccadilly street, the hotel offers you the best spot to pop in your room anytime you want after your shopping on bond street, or dining on Berkeley street, or clubbing in Soho! The guest room itself is ok, acceptable. The service is typical Le meridien. The SPG lounge is ok. The rate is affordable. All in all, it's all fine to stay there! ",Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
692,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or690-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",VERY NICE ROOM EXCELLENT STAFF,I Thank you for allowing me to chose to stay at Le Meridien Piccadilly for my most recent trip to London. I and my wife sincerely enjoyed the overall service experience.. it was flat out FANTASTIC. I also appreciate the nice UPG that we received as well. The service in lounge was excellent.On my next trip across the pond i plan on once again staying at the Le Meridien Piccadilly.,Date of stay: November 2016,5.0
693,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or690-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Great hotel, okay room.","Often rooms in London can be on the small side, and this was one of them, not tiny, and big enough for an overnight stay, but not spacious. The other oddity about my room was that the window overlooked the downstairs bar, so if you stood at the window with the curtains open the bar staff could see you in your full glory ! This isn't a cheap hotel, booking through a third party site meant  I had to pay for breakfast separately, which was a whopping £28. However, you wouldn't book a hotel in Piccadilly if you were trying to do things on the cheap, my room aside, there is an air of luxury about the whole place, from the reception to the bar to the restaurant. The location is exactly where you would want to be for a stay in the west end, walking distance of everywhere you would want…",Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
694,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or690-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Good hotel in a nice spot,"Very good place to stay near piccadilly , nice rooms , swimming pool , great breakfast with lots of choices in eggs, fruit, addons, juices, '..  Very friendly serving ,   Rooms were tidy nice location to go out in a busy and warm neighbourhoog ",Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
695,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or695-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Location is unbeatable,We stayed in this hotel with my wife and 12 year old daughter. The hotel's location is excellent with 1 minute walk from Picadilly Circus and Regent Street. Checking in and checking out is very fast and the team was very helpful.  the breakfast is definitely one of the best in London.  the only reason this hotel didnot get a 5 star from me; the rooms need renovation.  other than that it is an excellent hotel to stay in London with kids.,Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
696,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or695-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Such a fantastic stay,"Extremely delicious breakfast, everyone was so friendly and helpful, especially Jessica and Roxane and we received very nice upgrade. Thanks a lot. We really enjoyed our stay. We're definitely staying here again when we return. Greetings from Prague !",Date of stay: November 2016,5.0
697,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or695-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Modernity replaces charm and elegance,"Booked a Prosecco Afternoon Tea for Sunday 27th November 2016; specifically requested a table where not too much walking would be required as one of our party has mobility issues; we were given a table that was almost at the end of the room, you had to walk up three steps to reach the dining area. The ambience was totally bland, plain wooden tables with no tablecloths. We weren't served for about 10 minutes and then a description of the afternoon tea contents was mumbled to us by a heavily accented young lady speaking very indistinctly. The contents of the afternoon tea was nothing special, the scones were the highlight and the lovely Assam tea. The sandwiches were also bland and the cakes were nondescript. The macaroons and the ginger biscuits were the tastiest morsels. We…",Date of stay: November 2016,3.0
698,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or695-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Fantastic Location,"I usually stay in Covent Garden area but it was booked so chose this hotel instead. Fantastic location, right on Piccadilly, steps from the underground. Room was very good sized, a surprise in London. Not modernized but very comfortable.",Date of stay: November 2016,5.0
699,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or695-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Anniversary Disappointment ,"It is with regret that I am putting this review on trip advisor, but I am very disappointed with the room offered to me on my recent stay at Le Meridien Hotel in Picadilly.  I actually booked an overnight stay way back on 6th October for a one night stay on 26th November and as it was our wedding anniversary gift to my husband I requested a room with a city view and as high up in floor levels as possible.  However, on arrival on Saturday and on opening the door to our room, I was saddened to see that we were only on the 3rd floor (of seven floors), which we were happy to accept, but the main window to our room was blocked to view by an outside pillar and the other window was a semicircle which we had barely any view from.  We approached reception to request an alternative room, …",Date of stay: November 2016,2.0
700,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or700-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Adequate lunch,"Location in the Terrace was very good but service was slow and food OK but not outstanding. Given the location and the name, we had expected much better. It was summer so the Terrace restaurant was comfortable",Date of stay: June 2016,3.0
701,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or700-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent service and facilities.,"The rooms were more than comfortable, extremely clean and well equipped.  The shower was powerful and there was always hot water. When going for a swim or using the gym, it was never too crowded to workout, however the treadmills, which I did not use, were often occupied. The pool was always in use however never by too many. It was easy to swim and not be disturbed, likely due to the lack of children.  The bar area was very welcoming and service was very quick. Drinks were fairly expensive but I suppose that's pretty common for London. I didn't use the room service so can't comment on this, unfortunately.",Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
702,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or700-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Room is filthy,"The room is filthy (hair on walls in shower, vents black with mold, stains on carpet).  The room is also outdated and need to be renovated.  For a hotel of this price and location, I am very disappointed.  ",Date of stay: November 2016,2.0
703,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or700-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Watch out for a dirty room,"This hotel is very well located near the Piccadilly station. However, outside if the location there is not much positive to say about it. The room was disgusting with stained carpet and filthy air conditioner vents. The worst part was the tangled hair on the bathroom wall left over from a previous guests or guests- totally gross.",Date of stay: November 2016,2.0
704,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or700-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Afternoon tea at Le Meridien Piccadilly,Afternoon here is terrible - avoid at all costs!! Whilst the food is adequate the service is so slow our tea turned cold twice before the food items. No refreshing food items and trying to track down a member of staff for service was impossible. A very cold drafty spot for afternoon tea on a winters day. I was so disappointed!,Date of stay: November 2016,2.0
705,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or705-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",dreamt for nothing,"When i first saw this Hotel back in 1997 i always dreamt to stay there once. It finaly happened and i was so much disapointed. Location 5 stars if you forget the traffic you will get to reach it, Reception is small and just 3 couches to lounge. No atmosphere. I asked for a double room and they sitck to the twin, despite having said that i would prefer one bed only, but large. No more rooms available. It's a 5 star star so when i get to the room it was like i was entering the Holliday inn nearby. Actualy the room here is smaller and bathroom the same minusculus size. So disappointing....The breakfast that could change it all, did not. It was so bad. I was dreaming about porridge and eggs benedict. If i wanted it i had to pay for it !!!!! Where i at a 5 star hotel ??? Seemed i was…",Date of stay: November 2016,2.0
706,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or705-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",TRAVELER BEWARE - Poor customer service.  Think twice before booking.,"I travel often for business and have been an SPG customer for 15+ years.  To say I'm dissapointed with hotel management would be an understatement.  We had a miscommunication and my stay was double booked.  Instead of releasing one of my reservations they have decided to charge me for both.  It was clearly a technical error and we made the error known to the hotel immediately.  Instead of doing the ""right"" thing they have decided their mighty currency is more important than customer loyalty and repeat business.    The lack of customer service is truly astonishing.  Anyone who travels internationally knows that flexibility is critical.  Le Parker Meridien Piccadilly has failed miserably.  I reviewed the amount of business my company gave them last year and it was significant. …",Date of stay: November 2016,1.0
707,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or705-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely afternoon tea ,"My boyfriend and I went to Le Meridien a week ago for their Sparkling afternoon tea. We had a voucher from groupon and didn't have too high expectations since not at all places the people warmly welcome you once you let them know you've got a voucher. However, the experience at Le Meridien was the absolute opposite. The staff welcomed us very friendly and they all were very attentive. The afternoon tea was exceptional and the best afternoon we had in London so far! Beautiful sandwiches and lovely cakes, homemade scones and flavourful teas. The restaurant and view is beautiful. We will go there again!!",Date of stay: November 2016,5.0
708,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or705-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Chosen for location and room size - and delivered,"Stayed at the Hotel for 3 night on Nov 2016.  Chose the Hotel based on budget, location, room size and the fact it included bathroom tub.   Hotel is nice, seems clean and relatively well kept. The location was proven as a winner one, ~ 30 Sec walk from Piccadilly tube exit.  Room size was great too, I think it was bigger than committed to on booking.com. Wifi Service was good and fast enough for making Skype video calls. You could see that some sort of refurbishment was done on the bathroom,the tub was coated with something to make it look new, but it seemed that this coating is peeling off... Don't expect the most modern look around this hotel...  Didn't ask for much, so can't say much for the service, but the staff looked very friendly and nice.   Breakfast felt a bit pricey…",Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
709,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or705-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","High price, low service",Average hotel for high price and having booked and paid for 3 rooms needed to cancel one wouldn't refund or even allow to reuse the other at another time. For a regular customer would expect better!  Bathrooms not great either mould in one of our rooms and neither shower is great. Generally given the cost should be better.,Date of stay: November 2016,3.0
710,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or710-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Weekend brunch,We have enjoyed the weekend brunch twice in the past year. The food was of good quality and the service was excellent. The unlimited cocktails make it great fun.   We have bought the brunch vouchers via groupon and will be back again,Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
711,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or710-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Short: location and pool,"Beautiful hotel with two main arguments for me: 1. Location. Next door to Piccadilly it makes a great hub to see London. Walking distance from many important places and alternatively few meters from the tube. Perfect.  2. And in the morning or evening I can use the nice gym, do my usual running, but first of all - swim in a generous and beautiful swimming pool. Perfect.  Disadvantage: poor breakfast in the lounge. ",Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
712,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or710-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Location, location","Its in the middle of everything, shopping theatres ... I had a room facing Regent street which was a bit noise at night.  My room was a good size, the furniture seems a bit old fashioned and used. The hotel could use a make over especially for the prices they charge. Staff was really nice, the front desk gets a bit crowded in the morning when everybody wants to check out at once. Breakfast was plenty.",Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
713,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or710-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Just an average Le Meridien hotel,"I stayed at Le Meridien from 23 Sept to 28 Sept 2016 for a business trip in London. The location of the hotel is perfect if you're in London for holiday. It's right next to Piccadilly Circus. Free wifi are provided in the rooms. The breakfast area has a nice view of the street. While I know it's an old building, I find the rooms a bit too small for the price we paid, and the plumbing were rather old (we could hear water gushing from different rooms). Some parts of the toilet were poorly maintained (the bathtub wall was coming off, exposing the inner pipes). The staff were generally friendly and were helpful with our business needs (e.g. renting meeting rooms, printing, etc).",Date of stay: September 2016,3.0
714,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or710-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Quick classy drink,"In Pic circus and need a decent quiet place for a good drink. Head to the meridian. Walk through reception, take the lift to the second floor and you will find a delightful bar and snack and restaurant under a large glass conservatory roof. Quiet, discreet, hidden away gem . Try it for yourself ",Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
715,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or715-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Save your money and find a better place,"Save your money and find a better hotel. It is very noisy, feels like you're sleeping on a bus station. They'll charge you double the price of the room on arrival. Front desk is not helpful, seems not to care about their spg members.",Date of stay: November 2016,1.0
716,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or715-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Becoming average ,"We have stayed in the hotel  probably a dozen times, and the last two visits proved that the hotel is on decline in terms of quality. The best feature of the hotel is bell captains and doormen - i have rarely seen so polite and helpful people. Especially Mohammed and Vasko. The front office is nice too. Concierge Luis is most helpful and knowledgeable.   The special spg corner by the lifts is useless.   The rooms and suites are a lottery, you might get a good one or bad one - it is a sheer luck. Executive suites are best for families. The Junior suite we got in our last visit was awful though it was newly refurbished - small room , no view, claustrafobic.   Also, my two emails to guest relations managers in advance of our stay remained unanswered . Very disappointing attitude.  …",Date of stay: October 2016,3.0
717,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or715-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",E X C E L L E N T!,"Such an amazing hotel! I usually stay in Heathrow Airport Hotels but this time I wanted to spare $$$ in transportation so I chose this hotel in the heart of London. Excellent choice... Tube, stores, restaurants,...everything so near! Waterstones on the other side of the street. I walked practically everywhere...I even went to the hotel to leave my shopping bags!   Breakfast amazing, excellent staff, very helpful, smooth check in and check out. I will stay there again soon for sure!",Date of stay: October 2016,5.0
718,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or715-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Needs better maintenance,"We stayed at this hotel for the second time for the same reason as our visit last year -- it was in the heart of London, and extremely convenient for shopping, sight seeing, dining etc. We got a room upgrade this time, so the room was reasonably big. However we encountered the same problems as last time. The hotel was aged, but It seemed that no one paid any attention to maintenance. Breakfast though was good. The abundance and variety of fruit was my favourite.",Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
719,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or715-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Business meeting,"I had the occasion to participate in a business meeting at the Meridien Piccadilly yesterday. The facilities were excellent, the luncheon and tea service was well prepared and served. I will definately use the hotel for future meetings when in London as well located.",Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
720,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or720-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Mother and daughter visit ,"We have just returned from a three night stay. As always an excellent visit, we couldn't have our normal room as it was in use, but the room they gave us was excellent. The Club lounge is as good as every. No problems with our stay. Very pleased we had a great time. ",Date of stay: October 2016,5.0
721,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or720-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Complacency at its worst ,"We stayed in this hotel after coming back from our honeymoon in Dubai (Burj al Arab) and the Seychelles (Maia) both real great places Then we came back to London and stayed here because of the location. In fact the location is the only reason to come here. We booked a club room, which was a normal room you pay more for just to get the club floor and the lounge. There's 2 main issues, one the club lounge is really like a canteen and we just walked in and out without stopping, really. It a nice place to have a drink. The other issue is we expected a room fitting for a club floor and a five star hotel, which this sadly was not. To start the decoration in the bedroom made worse by the disgusting stained carpet. Then into the bathroom through a dingy  corridor to find a 1 star…",Date of stay: October 2016,1.0
722,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or720-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent staff but rooms lacking,"On a short 4 day stay before departing on a cruise.  If you want to see London, and stay in the heart of ""the action"" then this hotel is the place to be at!  The location is superb!  The staff are for the most part friendly however the rooms are somewhat lacking.  Some 4 star amenities are provided (toiletries and bottled water) however the rooms are small. (For North American standards). Considering this, we booked a superior room however it is still very small (hate to see what a regular room looks like).  If you don't mind the hit and miss staff (mostly hit) and the size of the rooms, then this hotel is very good!",Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
723,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or720-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Great service, great location","We stayed for one Saturday night in October.  The booking process was simple and the communication from the hotel was spot on.  I requested a quiet room, away from the lifts and this is exactly what we got.  We received a room upgrade and a bottle of wine - we were visiting as a treat for my partner's birthday.  The wine and upgrade were lovely surprises.  The room was spacious especially for London standards, and very comfortable. I would say that the room was a little ""tired"" and in need of a refresh but other than that there were no issues at all.  The hotel is in a great location, close to the tube and would be a great base for London sightseeing.     The hotel is in a great location,",Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
724,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or720-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Afternoon tea not to be repeated,"I went with a friend for an afternoon treat for my birthay. An occasion which had been specified on the booking but not acknowledges while another table a small birthday cake was brought to. Perhaps because we went with a Groupon voucher??!! The sandwiches were dry and had barely any filling. And sanwiches with red and green pepper?? Who wants that? The scones were cold and hard. The service was, in general, cold. Aside froman asian server (Fran??) and Giuseppe, at the entrance people did not care in general.  When we arrived the waiter was taking us to adarker corner despite the restaurant being empy but I requested a table at the windon. He did not seem to be very happy. It's definitely not a 5* afternoon tea or service. Furthermore, they really need an update on the…",Date of stay: October 2016,2.0
725,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or725-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great location,"We spent 3 nights in the hotel. We arrived late evening and got a room on the 2nd floor. My preferences are clearly stated in my SPG profile as High floor / away from elevator. The hotel was however fully booked and we were told we would get a room on 8th floor next day. My concern was the noise. When we arrived into our suite we found that the rooms have at least double glazing and there was no noise at all. The next morning the reception staff were ready to move us but we decided to stay. The staff really did all they could to make us comfortable.  The rooms are as previous reviews a little tired. They are big and comfortable but could use an upgrade.  The location is the best. You can walk to Covent Garden, Leicester Square, Soho and most theaters in a matter of minutes.  The…",Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
726,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or725-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Afternoon Tea,"I had booked an afternoon tea for me and my daughters (2 adults and 1 child) during the summer holidays.  What particularly appealed to me was they offer a children themed 'Jungle Afternoon Tea'.  We were warmly welcomed and received a friendly service.  Afternoon tea was lovely and were offered a delicious non alcoholic beverage as an alternative to prosecco.  Our lovely tray of sandwiches, scones and desserts arrived.  Although we did find there was not a good choice of non meat/chicken alternatives to the sandwich fillings.   Our tea was lovely but i like it hotter.  the stainless steel teapot was a bit awkward as the handle got very hot.  As part of my younger daughter's 'Jungle Afternoon Tea' she had a 'cheeky monkey mocktail' which she really enjoyed.  She did get as…",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
727,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or725-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Good location, tired hotel","Convenient to Piccadilly Circus and Mayfair, but feels pretty dated.  Rooms are functional but not luxurious.  Very low water pressure for shower and toilet, creaky floor, some noise into hallway, A/C didn't really cool.  Starwood has updated the lobby and pipes in trendy music (they seem to use this playbook often) but hasn't touched the rooms.  Both bars/restaurants were mostly empty on two consecutive nights.",Date of stay: October 2016,3.0
728,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or725-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Afternoon  to a tea,Lovely location  and restaurant  overlooks piccadilly with a Lovely  conservatory  area. Service a little  slow  but was friendly  and attentive once the tea came. Food was  lovely  great  choice  of  sandwiches  and cakes delicious . Couldn't  eat it all but they  happily  boxed the remaining  cakes. All in all a lovely  afternoon  recommended,Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
729,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or725-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",The perfect afternoon Tea!,"We had an afternoon tea with prosecco. The service was great and the food was very, very good (for the taste and for the presentation). The scones with cloatted cream are my favourites!! We reccomend this place for a perfect afternoon tea!",Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
730,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or730-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",great hotel in mayfair/soho,"Great hotel for what and where it is. I have stayed many night nights at Sheraton Park Lane and that hotel is rather tired. Le Meridien is down the street (10 mins walk) and much nicer. The great points for me include: - early check-in allowed; I probably could have had a nicer room but I was very happy to take a quick nap and shower post red-eye flight - amazing club lounge with breakfast, snacks and cocktails - wonderful gym I want to give a great should out to their staff for having a cab ready for me even though I did not ask for one - I called them for a wake up call and they remembered I was leaving early!!! Great job to the front desk/concierge on the early morning of Oct 6/16",Date of stay: October 2016,5.0
731,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or730-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Good location,"As we were only staying for one night  we arrived for check-in soon after 3 o'clock on 10th October.  We were, therefore, most disappointed that our room was still not ready at half past four after we had spent time chatting with family.  Apologies were naturally made but this was not what we expected from a top London hotel.  The room was clean, comfortable and tidy.  Breakfast was fine with a good selection from which to make a choice.",Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
732,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or730-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Disappointed,First time in London at an SPG hotel. We are platinum members at SPG and have seen many SPG hotels. The hotel was unkept. The sheets were dingy and dirty. I found a what looked like a blood stain on the sheets. I tried to call for assistance multiple times and was not attended to.  The water was cold the first night we arrived and the customer service said they would be right up and never came. The hotel is loud you can hear everything from the next room over. And the customer service was awful. Attempted to discuss with the day shift General Manager concerns and she did nothing for us. I was very disappointment in the customer service. If you want a good customer this is not the best hotel value.,Date of stay: October 2016,1.0
733,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or730-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, good hotel","This review is a little overdue, but better late than never. We stayed for 8 nights at the end of January 2016 and chose this hotel because of its location versus other Starwood hotels in the area. It is a beautiful old building, centrally located, and with convenient access to just about everything we needed. The front desk staff was friendly, but rather slow - I don't know that I have had a check-in process take longer. The room was nice, but it could have used some updating and I wish the windows were a little larger to allow for more natural light and a better view of Regent Street. Everything was clean, there was just some visible wear and tear on the furniture, walls, and carpet. The bed was comfortable, but the pillows weren't great.  Probably the best thing about the…",Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
734,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or730-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Terrace bar ,I thought the food was very good.  Much better than expected. Friendly and efficient service. Small wine list. Good menu. The meat was very well cooked - not overdone. Nice bar and great architecture. Little else to say. ,Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
735,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or735-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Bring Your Own Lightbulbs, Soap, Kleenex, Extension Cord, and Plumber!","My wife and I stayed at Le Meridien Piccadilly for 6 nights in late September/early October 2016. We arrived early and were told to return in 3 hours, once the room was made up. I noted to the front-staff person that I wanted to make sure that we did NOT end up with a room that connected to another room (because rooms that have internal connecting doors to one another tend to have poor sound insulation and are noisy). We returned 3 hours later and -- take a wild guess -- were given a connected room. I returned to the front desk and asked for another room and was told that we could have another one, IF we waited ANOTHER 3 hours for an alternate room to be made up. Since my wife and I were quite jet lagged, I rejected this option and accepted the current room as it was. Bring Your…",Date of stay: October 2016,2.0
736,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or735-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Disappointing,"We chose Le Meridien because it is in the Starwood Group and close the Tube and theaters.  If you expect good customer service, clean rooms, and running water, this is not the hotel for you.  In our room, the bedspreads were dingy/dirty.  The towels were K-Mart quality.  The furniture was beat up.  Bed pillows were uncomfortable.  There was the constant noise of slamming doors and loud voices in the hallways.  The walls of the room were full of scuff marks.  The bathroom fixtures were old and worn with exposed pipes.  Be sure to figure out the bath tub - shower faucets before you expose your skin to scalding water.  Oh, and that's if you have water.  The hotel turned off the building water on Monday from 10:00 AM to 20:00 (8:00 PM).  We moved to another hotel first thing Tuesday…",Date of stay: October 2016,2.0
737,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or735-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Greta location, hotel good just needs a bit sprucing up....","We were in London to see a show and this location couldn't have been better with just a 7 minute walk to the theatre. The check in process was friendly but a little slow. They did allow us early check in however. The view was of a wall but to be fair we accepted that view in order to get early check in. Rooms was a twin, spacious enough and beds were comfy. Room was clean but the furniture and decor was a little dated and tired. The rooms was quiet though and had a tea making set, free drinking water, wifi included (although I had to ensure that was included), tv with long winded menu process, ensuite with plenty of towels and toiletries. For our purposes the room was fine but perhaps quality of furnishings disappointing for the price. The kettle cord was wearing thin, the…",Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
738,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or735-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great location,"The Meridien is located in a beautiful area, walking distance from the greatest landmarks of London. The lobby is gorgeous and staff is very nice and professional. The room I stayed in was renovated, but equivalent to a Courtyard hotel in the USA, very simple, nothing luxurious or 5* level. The water pressure in my shower was very weak and twice during my stay I didn't have enough water to take a shower. I was there for business, so having the water run out in the middle of me showering before work was very inconvenient and made me late to work. When I came back they told me everything was fixed, unfortunately it wasn't. I was disappointed that the hotel didn't offer me anything for my troubles... I will most likely look at other hotels to stay in the next time I come to London.…",Date of stay: September 2016,3.0
739,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or735-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","5* for the location，but, definitely 3.5* for the Room Conditions","This is my second visit to the Le Meridian, purely for the reason of convenience and in the center of the Piccadilly Circus.    The check-in process took a long time, while the receptionist seems to be in-experienced, and very heavy accent, making her difficult to understand.   As SPG Platinum status,  I  requested upgrade, and was offered a Club Room, with King Sized Bed, quite more spacious compared to regular room,  high ceiling, and a little larger bathroom space.    Supposedly, this is a renovated room.   The positive:  Club room I was given was more spacious, and on the 1st floor, with high ceiling, and looking to the side ally,  good sound insulation.   The pillows and the bed are very comfortable, and very clean.     The room does offer slippers.  The club lounge offers…",Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
740,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or740-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great location. Good staff.  Will return.,"My wife and I booked a Junior Suite and had a great experience.  7th floor.  Recently remodeled.  Good space.  Quiet. A/C could have been better, but probably not often necessary.  Fantastic location.  Pleasant, attentive staff. We will return.  Great experience.",Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
741,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or740-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Bad concierge team and unmotivated employees,We spent 5 nights in August using SPG points to book a suite. Check-in was a disaster - at 5:00 pm the room was not available. There was no effort made by the front desk staff until we explicitly asked to be put in an alternate room. The luggage was not delivered and we had a 6:30 pm appointment that we missed. When we called the front desk calmly indicated our room was ready - no effort to notify us. Every day during our stay there were a bunch of folks sitting in the lobby waiting for their room well past 4 or 5 or even 6 pm. If you are a SPG member immediately walk over to the SPG liaison office past the lobby and ask them to fix it right away.  The location is Top notch. 4 building away from the Picadilly circus square and a short walk to many of london's attractions. The…,Date of stay: August 2016,3.0
742,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or740-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",A wonderful couple of days,Our daughters surprised us with a two night stay for my husbands 65th birthday and our Ruby Wedding Anniversary.  We were upgraded to a very lovely room. We had afternoon tea which was delicious and as a surprise we had a slice of cake for our special celebrations. The staff during our stay were very welcoming and nothing was too much trouble. The breakfast was plentiful with everything you could wish for even down to chocolate eclair so. For a really special short break I recommend this lovely hotel.,Date of stay: September 2016,5.0
743,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or740-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Disappointed,"I reserved a room with a king size bed. When I arrived they gave my husband and I a room that had a twin size bed and the shower ceiling was so low that we both hit our heads we had to kneel down in order to take a shower and wash our hair, after complaining and asking for an upgraded room, they use more of my Starwood points and upgraded us to a much larger room but the rug  was so badly stained it look like there was a murder scene taken place in that room. Also very moldy musty smell. Very disappointed",Date of stay: September 2016,2.0
744,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or740-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Nice hotel at an excellent location ,"We stayed here for three nights. Very accommodating staff. Comfortable and clean room. Best part close by to most of the tourist attractions like Oxford street, Hyde park, Buckingham palace, Big Ben, parliament, 10 Downing Street. It's a pricey hotel. We were able to stay by using our spg points. I hope we get to come back to London again and stay at Le meridian. ",Date of stay: September 2016,5.0
745,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or745-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Moldy 5-star Dump; Avoid!,"I travel internationally very frequently for business and have seen a lot of bad hotels. I booked a three night stay here whilst in London and was so disgusted with my room that I felt compelled to take pictures. The cleaning staff here is just terrible. When I first checked in, I noticed that my room had not been vacuumed...not because there were bits of paper or trash on the floor but *piles of pubic or beard hair* where someone had obviously been trimming themselves. After wiping that up, I decided to take a shower and was greeted by a black mold infestation all over the walls and ceilings of my bathroom. I'm not talking about a spot of mold, I'm talking about the kind of thing you'd expect to see in a nasty college apartment. The soap dish looked like it was growing hair.…",Date of stay: September 2016,1.0
746,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or745-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, nice rooms, good service","We arrived to a wonderful stay, great service, wonderful breakfast buffet.  The room was larger than I expected from the reviews and the bathroom was just wonderful with lots of hot water and fluffy towels.  The is a great location and is walkable to many of the theaters.   Only glitch was that we used points for our stay throughout Greece and London and this was the first hotel who asked for the original email with the confirmation number.  I provided the confirmation number but the hotel insisted on the full email.  This was the only hotel in 6 that asked for this.  Strange.",Date of stay: September 2016,5.0
747,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or745-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Rodents, Beware!","The Meridien was basic but old, bare bones and depressing. I battled with a waiter over a mouse that kept running across the floor at breakfast. The response to my complaint from the waiter was ""Madam what would you like me to do?"". Completely disgusted both by the mouse and the staff of the hotel. I don't know what makes me more mad, paying a rate of over $400 USD to stay or the condition of this seasoned rodent infested hotel. The only thing warranting one star is the fact that this is a Starwood Property. You can easily find another hotel in Piccadilly for less money and in better condition.",Date of stay: September 2016,1.0
748,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or745-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Disappointed,"Stayed at this hotel recently having not stayed there since the late 90's when it was a lovely place.  They have modernized the hotel and for me it has lost its timeless feeling of a classic five star central London hotel.  Still had the same creaky floorboards under the carpeting but the decor is fairly bland and somewhat generic.  A few older pieces of furniture remain which hark back to the older hotel but otherwise very non-descript. Minuscule sink in an otherwise reasonable bathroom, to the point that you have hunch sideways to brush your teeth.  Have never encountered that in a five star hotel before.  I am talking one of those tiny sinks people put into their tiny guest bathrooms, almost a piece of decoration rather than something practical.  Hotel feels a little…",Date of stay: September 2016,3.0
749,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or745-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Disgusting Room and Unprofessional staff. Mouse in hotel??!!!,"This is the worst experience ever I encountered in 20 years. In Short, Staffs are extremely rude and unprofessional; room is disgusting, outdated and small, cleaning service is very below standard, restaurant is unhygienic.   1)	Cleaning We requested a second cleaning on the same day as we can tell that they did not change the bed sheet and rubbish (by previous owner) were still left untouched. The room was barely cleaned. The cleaner that came again was giving us a long face and she started arguing that the she couldn't distinguish rubbish so she left them there. She then threw us the bin and told us to throw them all in the bin which some rubbish is not even ours. The table was still left dusty and the cleaner claimed that she had cleaned it, it’s the air conditioning that…",Date of stay: September 2016,1.0
750,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or750-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Pleasant stay!,"I would like to thank the staff at Le Meridien Piccadilly for a delightful stay. As soon as I arrived, my Platinum status was recognized with an upgrade to a Junior Suite with Lounge access. The hotel offers one of the largest indoor pools in central London, including a steam room, which was a nice perk. The hotel is located just minutes from two Tube stations and the heart of theatreland. I would stay here again!",Date of stay: September 2016,5.0
751,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or750-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Walk on by!!,"The best thing about this hotel is its location. After that it is all downhill. sloppy reception-never asked if I wanted a morning paper-poor room with bad internet service and requiring a major hunt to discover an electric outlet to charge my laptop and phone-eventually found behind a chair, which had to be moved to gain access- and nowhere near the desk. On top of that seriously expensive-450GBP for single occupancy. Walk on by",Date of stay: September 2016,1.0
752,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or750-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Nice big room for London,"Returning guest & SPG member, room was late but we had a high floor corner room upgrade and a late check out to compensate. Room was well laid out, clean & plenty space.  Concierge and door staff super friendly & helpful.",Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
753,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or750-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Customer ""Sat"" Personified","When I'm in London I love to stay at this hotel. My Top 3 favourite things about the hotel:- 1) I love my Green Park, Buckingham Palace, and Horse Guards Parade runs.  2) The extraordinary service I receive. Specifically want to single out Stephanie Truter (Guest Liaison Executive) and Mark (Concierge). 100% customer experience. 3) The location is excellent.",Date of stay: September 2016,5.0
754,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or750-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great afternoon tea,"Booked up for an afternoon champagne tea, the sandwiches and cakes were amazing and the champagne set the afternoon off nicely.  Really great location in the heart of Piccadilly and close to Fortnum and Mason so we can look at all the amazing things we would love to have but slightly out of the price range 😄 Well worth a visit *****",Date of stay: September 2016,5.0
755,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or755-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Amazing Location in London,"We stayed here on 2 separate occasions in August. We stayed in the same ""family room"" with 2 double beds. The good:  1) Location; right next to Piccadilly Circus in the heart of London with easy access to Heathrow on the Piccadilly line.  2) The large ""Family Room"" was perfect. It was hard to find a single Starwood room for us and our boys in London. 3) The concierge: Paul was fabulous and got us the best football tickets ever in Wembley.  4) The breakfast: beautiful room with great food. Can't complain.  The not so good: The place needs to be refreshed. The finishes are wearing. A few of the floor boards under the carpet of our room were broken. 7.5/10 on a cleaning scale. (I expect 9/10 or higher for a luxury hotel.) If Le Meriden would spruce things up a bit this could be one…",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
756,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or755-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Great room with a view, excellent cocktails, good breakfast","Went for wife's birthday, had a great room overlooking Big Ben, London Eye etc, the bed was comfortable, the welcome very good. Cocktails in the bar very nice (London prices!), breakfast was very good, in a great location, all in all an excellent stay.",Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
757,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or755-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Excellent location, good quality hotel and service","Excellent experience. Very much what I hoped for and expected from Le Meridien.  Building itself is beautiful and the location is perfect for exploring West End.   Positives: 1) Location - can walk anywhere in West End from here 2) Service - excellent 3) Efficiency - Everything from booking, to check in and room service went smoothly. 4) Pool: Huge and glamourous pool. A rarity in this location.   Negatives: 1) Room: Only real negative is that rooms are not big. That's really going to be the case anywhere in central London. But if you do need space you're going to have to pay up beyond the standard room.  Conclusion: Recommended. Everything you would expect from a 5 star Le Meridien in central London.",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
758,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or755-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Disgusting Hotel,"Absolutely disgusting Hotel.  For a London Hotel they should really be ashamed.  The room was very outdated, with fixtures and fittings that didn't work, and the bathroom was filthy dirty with thick black mould around the bath.  The corridors were filthy, both on the walls and the carpets looked like they hadn't been hoovered for weeks, disgustingly dirty.   I am white British and upon checking in i was asked by a foreign national member of staff for my passport ?  Check in took so long when all we wanted to do was get to the room and shower as it was so hot and humid outside !!  The bar, i would advise going to off to find a nice pub somewhere in the west end as 2 single Jack Daniels and a splash of coke cost us £25, how can you justify this Le Meridien ??   Would not recommend…",Date of stay: August 2016,1.0
759,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or755-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Showtime,"When we arrived the guy on reception was not very helpful, we were given a poor room. We  booked two rooms as there were four of us, two couples. We were told that one of the rooms was not ready as they couldn't wake the guy up that was residing in it. We decided to put all the bags in the room that was ready and went out for a walk. We arrived back at the hotel and spoke to a different person on reception, she was very helpful and moved us to two new rooms that were perfect and just across from each other. Our stay which we booked for two nights was great.",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
760,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or760-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Wonderful Location,"You couldn't choose a better hotel than Le Meridien.  It's centrally located so hopping a bus or taking the tube is quite easy.  The hotel is an older one that's been upgraded so the rooms are, naturally, on the small side but kept beautifully.  The restaurant…you may not believe me but it's one of the best we ate in while spending 5 days in London.  The Chef has recently changed his menu to use locally sourced meat & veg as much as possible and he certainly knows his craft.  Absolutely delicious.",Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
761,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or760-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Weekend trip to the theatre,"Stayed a Saturday night booked via Expedia. Club room on the 5th floor. The hotel got us into our room early, at 1pm which was a nice bonus. Large King double bed with sofa bed for our daughter. Good aircon on a hot August night. Bathroom clean, with good shower over bath. Kettle in room with skimmed milk for a cup of tea. Reception staff helpful. If you are in a club room ask for the guide that tells you what you get extra. Wifi confusing, just used the mobile phone instead. Breakfast deal was offered at check in was £20 a head - great buffet and pastries in lovely setting.",Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
762,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or760-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Perfect location,"My wife and I recently stayed at the Le Meridien from 8/12-8/14 and had a wonderful time. If you like being in the middle of town, the location can't get any better. Unfortunately, traffic is a bit hairy, so I would suggest getting to the hotel via the tube, which is maybe a couple of hundred feet from the front door of the hotel. I was originally hesitant to book the hotel, based on the inconsistent reviews.   I would agree that the rooms aren't as new and fancy as many other luxury properties or even other Le Meridien properties. But if I remember, the building is something around 100 years old and has its charm. When we checked in, the doorman was extremely kind and helpful, as he stood out on the curb to wait for us to pull up and offload our luggage. We arrived very late…",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
763,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or760-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Afternoon Tea,Received a voucher for afternoon tea with glass of Prosseco  for birthday present. We both enjoyed the tea sandwiches scones and slection of cakes. Staff were friendly  and noone hurried you to finish very pleasant and relaxing atmosphere. Good location all in all a pleasant afternoon,Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
764,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or760-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",terrible customer service,"Only good thing about this hotel is location however there is a massive construction going on outside from 7am in the morning which wakes you up badly.   Customer service (especially front desk) is awful, not sure how many time we needed to tell them about the same issue.  We paid the extra charge for late check-out however housekeeping was not informed and one of our team members almost got kicked out not checking at noon. I rang the front desk to tell them that all of us were going to check out at 4pm, and gave them all the room numbers, then 10min later received a call from housekeeping asking me what time I was leaving!!!!  Also our head office pre-paid all the rooms, however they almost charged our own credit card for 4 nights stay since we didn't have a company credit card…",Date of stay: August 2016,1.0
765,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or765-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Needs a serious upgrade,"I have spent a lot of time at this hotel over the decades, even prior to it becoming a Le Meridien, it's time has come. Time for a change.  The rooms are dated, out dated, the bathrooms are a shambles, the carpets in the rooms need to GO. The staff needs to be replaced with trained people not trainees running the front desk. Someone that can make a decision without having to get back to you after you call them to remind them that they didn't get back to you.  The location is great, but for the money, there are great hotels to stay at in the area, other then the hotel.  The special has gone out of this hotel.",Date of stay: August 2016,3.0
766,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or765-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Central and Special,Its located at Piccadilly and 2 minutes from the Tube Station. Fantastic rooms and helpful staff. Location is with mentioning again - as very few hotels are located so centrally in London. On the down side it has no parking. Service is a bit slow - My room did not get clean till 4pm so I had to request for it,Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
767,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or765-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Shocking,"The staff here failed to understand what we were asking for. We had a vegetarian with us, the answer we got from stating this was ""there are some with meat some with fish"". We also had someone who struggled to eat anything in any of the sandwiches due to allergies and an icky stomach, and again the answer we got was ""we have some white bread and some brown bread sandwiches""  For a “posh” restaurant they can’t cater to anyone with slight deviation to the menu’s needs, however small the needs were!   After finishing, we asked for a doggy bag to take cakes home since no one ate them, thirty minutes later we were given a form to sign our life away to take away the cakes! Then a further thirty minutes later of waiting we received only 1 third of the cakes all ‘gift wrapped’, with the…",Date of stay: August 2016,1.0
768,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or765-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great location but..,"My second stay during the last 90 days. My first stay was for 5 nights and went ok with a decent room. Please note rooms are older - do not expect a modern setup.  Upon arrival I expected them to remember my recent stay and welcome.. it did not happen.  I travel a lot and normally when you stay over 10 days most hotels try to upgrade.. nope.. they did not even mention except tried to sell upgrade and breakfast. Location is excellent in the heart of London. Many things are walking distance. But rooms, service is not worth spending their rate in my opinion. The room I got had AC noise from the roof. They changed it - but this one is like prison cell. Really strange setup.. I need to go 3-4 steps and to look from the window.  Food in the restaurant is so so. I did not have high…",Date of stay: August 2016,3.0
769,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or765-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent Staff and fabulous location!,"We are Starwood Gold Members for many years and we had booked this hotel with points upgrading to a club level room many months before our trip to Europe that was ending in London. Upon arrival at the hotel in the late morning our room was of course not ready. We were told it would be ready by 1500 (300 pm check in time) so we left our bags with the very efficient bell staff and went off to ride  the hop on hop off bus. We returned to the hotel at 1500 or so , our room was not ready as the prior guests had requested late check out. Long story short we got into our room at about 1800 ( 600 pm). The Front Desk Manager and the other representatives were very responsive to our issue and kept us update on the status of the room. Our stay turned out to be great!  Our room was recently…",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
770,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or770-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","All about the location, as the hotel is nothing special","The best thing about this hotel - perhaps the only good thing, to be completely honest - is the location. It is just around the corner from Piccadilly Circus, a short walk to Green Park (and, through it, Buckingham Palace, Hyde Park and St James's Park), and a great place for anyone who's come here for the theatres and the shops.  So that's the good news. The bad is that, for the price, it really needs to be refurbished. The bathroom was worn and needed replacing, the aircon likewise, and the rooms are small (which is not unusual in London, it must be said). So it's a good place to lay your head in the sense that you're right in the thick of things, but don't be expecting a great place on the inside.",Date of stay: August 2016,3.0
771,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or770-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Surprisingly Bad Experience,"We wanted to try the brand as a platinum member (the highest level) of the Starwood Hotel chain when taking the vacation this summer. We were surprised that the loyalty means nothing there. People at the front desk were not nice and the hotel is old. It is located in the busy street but not much interesting stores or other attractions around the hotel. We were not treated as a valuable member and we reflected the bad experience in the hotel's review on their own website. Manager emailed to say sorry but no real actions to show remorse, not even posting the review on their website although there are quite few bad reviews there already. Starwood members, be cautious. There are other Starwood brands around the area that are excellent.",Date of stay: August 2016,1.0
772,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or770-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",A very pleasant almost carefree experience!,"This was my first time actually staying at LeMeridien Piccadilly although I had been in the Lower Floor Gymnasium the previous year while Sheraton Park Lane facillities were being renovated. There was very friendly service from the Froint Desk staff and I really liked my corner room on the 2nd Floor. The Air Conditioning wasn't working brilliantly in the sense that it was rather stuffy overall, especially given the hot (for London) summer temperatures. However, there were latched windows on the lane side which could be kept slightly ajar and which kept fresh air circulating. The Mezzanine Club Lounge and the second floor Terrace Cafe were both of a good quality and we could enjoy both the service nad the food!",Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
773,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or770-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",It's all about the location!,"This is an old hotel that clearly could use a bit of modernization. The air conditioning system in the room was about as ancient as I've ever seen, and it didn't really cool things down on a hot summer's day. But, we chose this hotel for its location, just steps away from Picadilly Circus. It can't get more convenient than that. Room service food quality was excellent. And being a Starwood member, we were able to have free, substantial (eggs, salmon, etc.) breakfasts in the Club Room, a big savings. And they offered free appetizers in the afternoon as well. The hotel concierge staff were very helpful in getting us around the city and handling restaurant reservations. For 3 nights in London, where we spent the vast majority of our time wandering the city, this was just fine.",Date of stay: August 2016,3.0
774,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or770-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Afternoon Tea,"We had a Groupon voucher for Afternoon Tea and a glass of prosecco for 2 for £32. Very good value compared to other afternoon teas in the city (full price is £72 - which I would not have wanted to pay!).  The hotel is conveniently located in Piccadilly, has lovely decor, and has a nice, luxury atmosphere.  The afternoon tea was lovely, a great choice of sandwiches, scones with clotted cream and jam, and a range of small cakes such as macarons, cream buns, and a funny fruit mousse thing. There was also a range of teas to choose from, however with Earl Grey being the only 'normal' tea I was a bit disappointed as I would have preferred a simple English Breakfast.",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
775,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or775-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Does Convenience compensate for Comfort?,"Very convenient location for Tube at Piccadilly and Queen's Theatre.  Pleasant and welcoming staff throughout.  Rooms are small and just about fit for purpose.  NOTE  Windows of our room on 3rd floor did not open because the room looked out INTO the conservatory of the Terrace restaurant!!  Air conditioning was ineffective.  Couldn't imagine staying here if the weather was warmer. (18degrees outside during our stay). Bed wasn't comfy, only one bed-side light in our double room, no slippers, long black hairs in the bath.  Afternoon Tea tasted better than it looked, but some utensils were dirty.  Had to leave Terrace Restaurant early because of heat.  No air-conditioning? Same again at breakfast.",Date of stay: August 2016,3.0
776,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or775-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Not even a 3 star - never again!,Unbelievable!   First impression upon arriving. It's old and tired!  However I thought when we get to room it'll be fine! We were on 4th floor so needed to use lift OMG it was so dark in there you depended on the dim lights on the buttons!  There's a horrible musty smell in the corridor which has tried to be covered by a sweet sickly smell!  Basic room again old tired & grubby. The toilet pan stained yellow. The bath dirty from wear that cannot be cleaned!  Went to 2nd floor for a drink on the 'terrace'. We were left there and nobody came to take our order so we went out! Returned about 11pm and went to the lower floor bar which we were told is open to guests until 1am. We ordered 2 brands and 2 coffees. Sorry no coffee as we have turned off the machine!!!  Ok so we sat and had…,Date of stay: August 2016,1.0
777,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or775-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Afternoon Tea,"Excellent afternoon tea for two. This was a Birthday treat. We will definitely return. Service was a little bit slow, but standard of food made up for this. All the desserts appeared to me made in house.",Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
778,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or775-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Nice position,"Le Meridian Picadilly is a nice hotel in a great position. Very easy to get to by underground or 23 bus from Liverpool St. We dined in the Terace resturant overlooking Picadilly, The food was good and service excellent. We used to like the Sunday lunch with the free flowing prosseco but they have stopped doing this now. Hope they bring this back soon.",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
779,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or775-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Certainly not 5 star,"There is a reason all the other hotels within shouting distance are rated 4 or 4.5 on trip advisor and this one is not. The community has spoken yet management don't seem to care. Could it be that the Marriott are taking over so you can kiss Starwood standards good bye ? This hotel was furnished in the 20s and looks like the rooms were painted then too. I have never stayed in a so called 5 star in such disrepair. The place has location for sure, just hard to understand why it's so neglected. ",Date of stay: August 2016,2.0
780,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or780-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Modest Afternoon Tea @ Terrace Grill and Bar,"Booked an afternoon tea with proseco for two.  The hotel was easy to find as it was centrally located in London.  The hotel and facilities needs updating.  Staff were not friendly except for one Filipino service crew. Services was a bit abrupt, we were not given enough time to dissect the menu and it was taken from us immediately.    There were only a few tea options to choose. The sandwiches, scones & pastries were not explained in comparison to other afternoon tea we had experienced. On the lighter note, it was cool to have a duo who provided the musical entertainment.",Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
781,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or780-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Absolutely abysmal service, business travelers beware","This is the first time I've been motivated to write a hotel review. I stay at about 20-25 hotels a year, around the world, almost all for business. My stay was for 4 days.   Summary: decent rooms, decent amenities, but really terrible service. The staff seems to have no training in the service business whatsoever. They're a pleasant enough group of people in smart uniforms. It's not just a lack of training, or a lack of knowledge of English (that's something you frequently encounter). They just seemed to have no desire to be helpful in any way. I've stayed at 5-star hotels where the staff lacked training before, but they'd make up for it with an attitude of helpfulness. These guys weren't just inept, they were apathetic.   Arrived at noon on a Monday. Had requested early…",Date of stay: August 2016,1.0
782,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or780-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Worn Down Beat Up Room with Bathroom Older Than Me! Stay Somewhere Else!,"As a Starwood Gold Patron for over 20 years, this trip we have had so many disappointments, we have decided to cancel our AMEX Starwood card and abandon their program all together!  So angry, frustrated and disappointed so many times. Case in point, today's arrival here.  We booked and pre-paid a 3 night stay (in May - our loss as Brexit could have saved us 20%!!) and pulled points for our 4th night.  We wrote the hotel (total waste of time I have found) to tell them that 8/6 was my Birthday and 8/9 was my wife's Anniversary of moving to Hawaii. We requested a special room with a separate shower and bath and asked for an upgrade to a Jr. Suite.  Starwoods game is....""Upgrade Upon Arrival if Available""  They know we were coming since May, they knew we were celebrating a special…",Date of stay: August 2016,1.0
783,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or780-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Dont rate 5 because i was expecting more,"For the brand, location and price, i was expecting a bit more luxurius experience. The rooms are very small so I had to book 2 rooms to stay with my 2 kids and wife. Was upgraded to king bed in one of them. The hotel did though fulfilled their promise to book me connecting rooms and the friendliness of the staff was great. Rooms may need some refurbishing soon",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
784,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or780-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great location,"Spent 3 nights here while attending a conference. The location could not be better with a Tube station steps away. Rooms are small and the bathroom even smaller - and there were NO drawers and just one shelf in the entire room that included a small dressing room with ample hanging space - but how do you hang underwear?????? Bathroom had one glass shelf that was 18"" by 3"". Staff were mostly okay - check in staff were pretty perfunctory but the doormen and the concierge were friendly. A man named Mohammed was VERY helpful when the computer in the 'business centre' ( just a closet really) was not working and I had to print our boarding passes.",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
785,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or785-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Everything that could go wrong went wrong!,"I'm an SPG platinum and lifetime gold. I've dedicated my working and leisure career achieving this level so as to insure a great experience. This is definitely not the case here. In the US Le Meridien is considered a luxury brand. This was my first trip to London so I intentionally booked a luxury hotel so as to assure a smooth experience. Once I arrived the gentleman that checked me in did not acknowledge my SPG membership checked me in like any other guest, no big deal right. As I walked to the elevator I saw that they have a special check in area for SPG's. This was not offered as an option. I get to the room and its old, TV, A/C and toilet does not work and I'm not on an SPG floor. I ask in the morning to be moved to another floor and a very nice lady took care of me and…",Date of stay: July 2016,1.0
786,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or785-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Really good hotel,I always stay here when in London  Rooms are small but very comfy. Service good and you can't beat the location ! The breakfast included and happy hour well worth the extra cash.  Swimming pool downstairs is awesome too.  The health club could be updated a bit.  Good value overall. ,Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
787,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or785-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",weekend,"great location, great service and amenities property in excellent condition this was a repeat visit and will return Front desk, concierge most cooperative.  there is a pool steam room in addition to the gym and the club room is fabulous.",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
788,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or785-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Afternoon Tea!,"I went here for afternoon tea, the sandwiches were very dry and the cakes were not appetizing. The staff were friendly but would not be returning again soon due to the food lacking. I was surprised due to this being a 5 star hotel",Date of stay: July 2016,2.0
789,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or785-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Ate in the Terrace Grill only,We had dinner in Terrace Grill.  I really liked the way it had been decorated as it was reminiscent of a day at the beach.  We ate very early as we were going to the theatre but it was still a very pleasant ambiance.  Our food was excellent.  Beautifully presented and very well cooked.  We would like to return when we have more time to enjoy it.   The negative was our gins.  We both chose different ones and weren't very happy with either choice.  Mine was overly sweet with no taste of gin but too much cucumber.   The other problem was that there was some kind of corporate presentation going on as we were trying to leave and they had been allowed to totally block the area in front of the bar thus blocking our exit.  This was poor management.,Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
790,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or790-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Dinner,We had dinner in the Terrace grill and bar. I was a little taken aback to see deckchairs in the restaurant :-)! Otherwise I was very impressed with decor and great ambience.  I had the 'sunshine' cocktail and the open seafood pie which was delicious. My friend had the lamb cutlets and he said they were very good.  The service was excellent (as expected) and I will definitely go again.,Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
791,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or790-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Bloody brilliant ,"Our 25th Wedding Anniversary and they put a bottle of Prosecco in our room but even despite that, they were totally fantastic..   we WILL be staying there again. Position is totally perfect if you don't know London  Thank you ",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
792,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or790-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Not the usual standard of a Meridien ,"Pros : fantastic location , a club lounge for Spg guests which offers free breakfast with wonderful choices , the room was large enough ( we had a junior suite ). The front desk and the staff are friendly and helpful. Cons: In midst of a lot of hustle and bustle to the point that disembarking with your luggage is in the middle of a street with buses going past , the rooms are large but the ceilings are low and the Windows looked into other buildings. The modern but dark decor leads to a feeling claustrophobia. The bathrooms are fancy but dated . Our shower was not working and the fancy shower handle was chipped ( could be dangerous for a smaller child ) . Housekeeping is indifferent , we found some else 's underwear in the room . That combined with the dark decor leaves you…",Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
793,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or790-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Exceptional Customer Service,"Not your typical review seeing as both my husband and I never made the trip, however the customer service alone prompts me to write this review! My husband and I were planning a two night break to London to see the city from a tourist perspective. We spent sometime choosing the best hotel for our needs in a great area within all the spots we wished to visit. Unfortunately for us this time the trip was not meant to be. We made contact with the hotel and the customer service/duty manager Andrea Siracusa could not have been more helpful, making the effort  on more than one occasion to assist us. Definitely customer service at the top of its game. Great expectations for when we do make this trip. If this is how the hotel looks after its guests that never stay it must be some…",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
794,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or790-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Pretty Good Stay,"This hotel was in a great location. I recently stayed several nights as part of a vacation. I've been to other Le Meridiens in the US. In comparison to those experiences, this hotel was a bit smaller and older, but it's Europe. The staff were friendly (the concierge made some great recommendations for restaurants for dinner) and the amenities like the pool and gym were very nice. The room was clean and well-insulated from noise outside, and the wi-fi was good. My main disappointment here was the air conditioning. While the hotel says it is air conditioned, and there was definitely some level of air conditioning, the coolest our room got, even in the middle of the night, was 73 degrees Fahrenheit. It was often closer to 75 degrees. It was just a bit too warm to be comfortable,…",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
795,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or795-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",As usual a Starwoods Property that doesn't disappoint,"This hotel was one of the highlights of my trip. After staying in a hotel where I had a bad experience I decided to try Priceline...boy am I glad I did!! The staff was delightful and I was even given an upgrade. I really loved the room but my allergies got the better of me. I told the front desk and while I was slightly inconvenienced I was given a slightly smaller room, however I could actually breathe. However I am a bit disappointed that they didn't have an air filter/humidifier or clean the vents as often as they should. Also, there were way too many phone calls and checks in effort to move me from my room. After the third phone call I had enough and decided to move myself. And for taking care of it myself...I was called by the manager of the bellman who berated me for…",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
796,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or795-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Rooms here vary a lot.  Beware of Hotwire.,"We ended up with the Le Meridien due to a classic bait and switch by Hotwire.  It was a Hotwire ""blind"" listing, but Hotwire sometimes leads you to believe you'll get a certain hotel.  In this case the listing said ""Hurry.  The last person got The Metropolitan.""  I knew The Metropolitan is a very highly rated 5 star hotel with very high customer review ratings, so I bit on the non-refundable offer. The fact that I was given a different hotel than the last person is a risk I took and would be no basis for complaint in itself.  The reason I say it was a bait and switch was that immediately after I was given the Le Meridien Picadilly, I ran the same search and Hotwire still stated that the last person got The Metropolitan.  In fact, the next day, Hotwire was still stating the last…",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
797,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or795-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Wow! Best sleep ever!,"I booked a queen room, with breakfast and massage. The room was huge, the bed was so comfortable and the pillows were the fluffiest. We had the best night sleep. My husband had a deep tissue massage and I had the aromatherapy massage, which only needed to me booked 2 hours prior. They have a squash court, swimming pool and steam room. The breakfast was a buffet breakfast with lots of choice. The staff were excellent too, nothing was too much trouble. Close to all shops bars and casinos.",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
798,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or795-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Good location,"The hotel is in a fantastic location just a couple of minutes walk from all of Londons major tourist spots. The staff were very friendly and the service was good. On arrival we were initially impressed but it wasnt long before started to realise things weren't that great. The room we were given was awful, we'd paid extra to use the Club Suite so expected a nice room as it was classed as a Premium room. To be honest I've stayed in nicer Premier Inns, the bathroom was terrible, no bath, toilet was in a cramped space, extractor didn't seem to work, decoration looked old, no disposable slippers so we had to go to the Health Club in bare feet. The club lounge breakfast we missed because we arrived at 10:35am and they'd already cleared up, McDonald's manages breakfast till 11am so not…",Date of stay: July 2016,2.0
799,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or795-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Fabulous in every way!,"I just want to say I have dust allergies so I wrote the manager ahead of time so the hotel would know of my allergies. They could not have been more accommodating and kind. The room had a wooden floor with minimal carpet. Each of the staff including David D., Mohamed, all the concierge and bellmen were gracious and thoughtful. I would recommend purchasing the high-speed Internet which is slightly more but well worth it. The hotel also has an amazing swimming pool and workout facility in the basement although we only had time to use it once. The location of the hotel is the best I have found in London. The room was clean and the personnel are very attuned to detail. I plan to stay their again. It is a great value for the price!",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
800,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or800-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Location Location Location,Theatre buffs and tourists visiting for a short stay will appreciate the Le Meridien's central Piccadilly location.  Those visiting for a week or so might want to venture further afield as the London hotel scene has better offerings.,Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
801,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or800-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Meridien London not up to standard, lower your expectations","We had great experiences at the other Le Meridien ,  clean room, great breakfast and very efficient service team. Therefore we chose Le Meridien Piccadilly in London for our recent stay as the brand should be consistent especially in all major cities.  We communicated with David Diolle of guest relations at Le Meridien London in preparation for our visit and requested a renovated room.   When we arrived he offered a outdated mouldy smelling unrenovated room, and with an extremely tiny bathroom with about 15 inches to get past the sink and wall.  We had to reject it.  He changed us to another room, which was spacious and he insisted had been renovated.  We agreed to this one.    In the later evening we found the shower not functioning properly.  The water temperature changed…",Date of stay: June 2016,1.0
802,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or800-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Great service, OK bones but very tired - in need of a complete overhaul/renovation.","Great location, OK hotel, very nice and helpful staff.    We had two connecting basic rooms (through a small shared private hallway) on the first floor.  This ended up working great since there was usually one elevator broken during our 3.5 day stay so we were able to take the stairs the whole time.  The few times we took an elevator people were grumbling about how long they had to wait.  We had rooms 101 (Starwood elite room) and 102 (supposedly a regular room) and they were normal basic rooms facing the street.  The floor plan on the back of the room doors showed that the first six or eight rooms in the row were larger than the last handful of rooms and I believe it.  These rooms had to have been at least 400 square feet so good size for London.  Some road noise but not much -…",Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
803,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or800-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great location and lounge,"While Piccadilly Circus is an area that Londoners certainly avoid, this hotel is very well positioned to just about everything: Mayfair, Soho, Green Park, more and is connected by the Tube to almost everywhere else.  The lounge access is a must. They have drinks and snacks most of the day and nice spaces to use your laptop.  Each time I've stayed here my room was organized differently. It's an old building I think with some unusual floorplans.",Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
804,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or800-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","SPG member--Great location, shabby rooms","Three separate stays between business trips to Scotland for a book signing and so so disappointed. Stayed here with family and fellow authors last year, and because of the location, thought I'd give it another try. What a mistake. Like I said, the location can't be beat, literally down the street from Piccadilly station. The door staff might be some of the friendliest I've ever encountered, but that's pretty much where the positives end.   The worst room was probably #423. The cold water faucet didn't work and you had to wash your hands with lighting speed to keep from scalding yourself (I actually took video of this but trip advisor only allows jpg). The toilet took about four tries to finally flush and the room smelled TERRIBLE. It's clear there's been some sort of sewer…",Date of stay: July 2016,2.0
805,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or805-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Overly priced tourist class hotel,"I had stayed in Starwood Group hotels before and looked forward to Le Meridien Piccadilly . We arrived early from a 12 hour flight , about 11am but were told that our newly renovated room would only be ready at 5.00pm! If we wanted an earlier room at 3pm - which is the normal check in time- we would have to settle for an old non- renovated room. We went out and came back around 3 pm and decided it was too tiring to wait for 5pm and got the older room.  This room was spacious but furniture was old, the air-con was like something from the last century ! The bathroom was small , toilet couldn't flush properly, and it had a smell too. There was no table or counter top in the bathroom to put any toiletries.  After 2 nights we decided to change to the newly renovated room. Darios who…",Date of stay: July 2016,1.0
806,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or805-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",SPG member,"Perfect located close to Piccadilly cirkus so it cant be better, got a room facing away from the street probably a good choice, nice rooms and relatively big. Lounge was ok but the Wine choice could be better not often i dont finuísh my glas but the red wine was not drinkable..",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
807,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or805-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Good hotel, great location",Stayed at this hotel on a layover in London. The front desk staff was great. The gave me an early check in and a late check out to accommodate my travel schedule. The rooms were fine but a bit worn but all in all I would absolutely stay here again. ,Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
808,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or805-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Disappointed ,"They did not have the rooms available that we had reserved. One of our rooms was ""upgraded "" but it appeared that it had not been used in months as the sink, toilet and shower had issues in starting to work. Our room was consistently not made up for the size of our party (not enough towels and or bedding) even after request. The rooms were tired and minimally clean (could see the dirt and wear). The culmination of our stay was the hotel shuttle being over an hour late ( and not arriving) after spending 125 pounds for the service. They did arrange for two cars to take us, but we were over an hour later than we needed to be to the airport. Unfortunately the entire event was far more stressful than we would have desired and expected. We were severely disappointed. ",Date of stay: July 2016,1.0
809,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or805-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Hard sandwiches and dry scones,"I was extremely disappointed with this experience.  I have been to 4 other venues for afternoon tea in London, they all surpassed Le Meriden by far.  I attended with an old friend who I hadn't seen in almost 20 years. The company was great but unfortunately I cannot say the same for the sandwiches  (the bread wasn't fresh at all it was hard) and the scones were also hard.  We paid £27 each as there was a promotional 25% discount.  It was advertised as 'champagne afternoon tea'. Fortunately my friend and I like Proseco as that's what was served - not champagne.  I requested that the  12.5% service charge be removed. This was done without any fuss.",Date of stay: July 2016,1.0
810,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or810-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Disappointing for a 5-star,"Positives: Location is excellent.  Internet access had strong signal and plenty of bandwidth.  Cons:Hmm...where to start....  - No cold water in the bathroom sink.  Cold tap didn't do anything.  Hard to get a glass of water... - Toilet took 4-5 flushes before it would even start the flush cycle.  This happened every time I tried to flush. - Shower curtain had (on the inside) what I choose to believe is rust (and not blood).  Mind you, the curtain doesn't go anywhere near anything rusty or metal. - Check-in staff was busy playing tour guide for a couple, delaying check-in by 15 minutes, instead of letting the concierge do that work, who was standing idle at his desk.  As a Starwood gold member, and someone who has stayed 10-15 times in London, I'd say this is a poor value for the…",Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
811,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or810-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Very Average Afternoon Tea,"Very Disappointing, very thick bread, not particularly soft & very little filling, no cucumber & cream cheese, no smoked salmon - it was poached & tasteless. The usual egg & cress, some strange pepper mixture. Scones were ok, jam awful. Delightful pastries, very unusual/tasty & pretty, niot good macarons. Lovely service, friendly & attentive staff, comfortable ambience. Good cup of leaf tea.",Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
812,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or810-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, just average hotel","Although the location is certainly ideal, right on Picadilly, the hotel leaves a lot to be desired.  Housekeeping was lax.  I had to call for soap in the bathroom, and sheets for the bed!  The maintenance of the facility is also barely average.  The grab bar in the shower was off the hinge and leaning against the tile and hallways look dirty.  ",Date of stay: June 2016,3.0
813,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or810-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, awesome Staff, Great Stay","I have stayed at this property at least 20 times since 2006. I have always had an enjoyable stay at the Le Meridien Piccadilly and this time was no exception. This property was built in 1908 as the Piccadilly Hotel. It was designed a one of London's true luxury properties by architect Richard Norman Shaw, in a neo-Baroque style based on 17th century Palladian architecture. I have seen this hotel go through several refurbishments, however thankfully they have maintained its Edwardian style in the public areas.  As an SPG GOLD member I stayed in one of the newly refurbished Junior Suites which consisted of a living room with a sofa, 2 chairs, desk and flat screen TV.  There was a large foyer which connected the living room to a huge bedroom which was also tastefully furnished with…",Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
814,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or810-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Much Better options for the money  and definitely don't drive!!!!!!!!!,"We drove to the hotel (I know -- bad idea) because we had 5 in the car and lots of luggage.First mistake. There is know dedicated pull in. You just park on a Bus Stop and hope the concierge sees you. Then it's a frantic rush to get your passengers and luggage out before you are crushed under the weight of Piccadilly traffic.Finding the car park is another adventure. SO JUST DON""T THINK ABOUT TAKING A CAR!!!  Despite my Odyssean adventure to discover the car park, my family had still not got the luggage by the time I arrived back -- despite having empahasized that we were going straight out. In the end we went back to reception and got it ourselves.I learned that the check in had taking as long as filling in your annual tax return!!  Suffice it to say that our first room was…",Date of stay: July 2016,2.0
815,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or815-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",My new favourite London hotel.,"We checked in later in the day, and there was apparently only a twin room available as the hotel was fully booked.  Not a great start.  I was surprised to hear that the beds could not be joined, as most other hotels appear to be able to do. But we were placated by the compensation of breakfast offered.  And what a breakfast it was!  Among the best breakfast buffet spreads I've encountered, the world over.  Everything was incredible.  Even the (filter) coffee - high praise from a coffee snob!    The room was very comfortable, generally quite quiet, although we had a room with an adjoining door.  The noise-proofing was non-existent through that door, keeping us awake much later than we'd wished.    It's such a simple thing, but the toiletries were of such a high quality that…",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
816,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or815-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great location,Wonderful location ideal for restaurants and shopping. Great central base with easy tube access.  Hotel bar was pricey but thats expected still it was a good atmosphere.  The bedroom was comfortable and hotel staff couldn't have been more helpful would recommend and stay again. ,Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
817,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or815-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Qwerky lunch/brunch,Celebrated our 45th wedding anniversary with family here on a grey Sunday in June.  Bright and airy restaurant on 2nd floor with views over Piccadilly.  We all had groupon vouchers for lunch/brunch with unlimited cocktails.  Very attentive staff and live music provided by singer and guitarist. Qwerky buffet selection followed by a choice of mains and desert.  All beautifully presented and very eatable. Drinks both alcoholic and non alcoholic cocktails flowed freely. Highly recommended for any age adults and we would all go again.,Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
818,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or815-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",A business dinner in Terrace Grill & Bar,"An interesting menu with some quirky dishes among the more traditional fayre. Service was good, service was attentive but not suffocating. Food was very good and a reasonable price given the status of the hotel and the location",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
819,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or815-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great location - pretty average or less otherwide,"Location is fantastic. If you are a Tube rider, you walk out, turn left - and enter the Piccadilly Line. You can ride to museums, Heathrow - and you can also walk to Regent St shopping, SoHo bars/restuarants, theaters and Leicester Square.  We booked a standard king and attempted to sleep with our windows open to enjoy the cool air. It was noisy. The housekeeper skipped us 2-days in a row and gave us the ""green option"" card for Starwood points. On day 2 we had to call for service.  The first morning, we called for coffee and it took 3-attempts to even get an answer. The plus side: Downstairs bar has solid service and a lovely cocktail list. Great place for a nightcap. The café on the 2nd floor had a lovely weekend brunch menu - and nice champagne/mimosa options. NOTE TO USA…",Date of stay: June 2016,3.0
820,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or820-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Stay, and watched the Piccadilly madness go pass by","Next to Piccadilly circus, the world famous busy place, lied this lovely hotel which sits this bright, charming but very calm  corridor restaurant. The food is well cooked and they do afternoon tea nicely. A posh but homely place for your to take friends relax and enjoy.",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
821,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or820-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Overnight Stay,"Well what a top location. Outside front of hotel look left you can see Eros. You are right in the heart of picadilly,Leicester Square and Oxford Street. The Hotel itself is not 5* its quite old and tired but its clean comfortable and really got a nice feel about the place. The bed is so comfy and the towels are the fluffiest white. Had a drink at the bar it is west end prices but you expect that. Did not have the breakfast preferred to go out and breakfast in Leicester Square. Would deffo recommend for an overnight stay.",Date of stay: June 2016,3.0
822,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or820-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Can't beat the location,I'm finishing up spending a week here with my family on vacation. Below are the pros and cons.    Pros:  location location location.  Thinks of picadilly as the times Square of new york.  This adage  doesnt just apply to where you buy a house but where you get your hotel.  I can't underestimate how convenient it was to get around london from this hotel. Furthermore many of the best restaurants were within a 5-10 minute walk from the hotel.  Did I mention there was a whole foods within 3 minutes of the hotel for those from the US who realize how helpful that is when you have kids.   The location is what really sealed it for us. My wife and I kept mentioning how everything was so close to our hotel through our stay.        Service was solid.  They messed up with our check in but…,Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
823,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or820-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Loved the stay-central,central location of a great and never sleeping city....was not my last visit....nice hotel chain and friendly staff upon arrival.  felt comfortable....haven't had breakfast though due to coffee shops close by however lovely hotel to recommend,Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
824,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or820-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Centrally Located,"The best thing we found about this hotel is the ideal location, right in the heart of Piccadilly Circus, making London easily accessible on foot to the major attractions.  The rooms are nicely decorated, and although small in size, all facilities are available. We only stayed 1 night so did not have much time to try out anything in the hotel, but from the little w experience we were happy with both staff and service. ",Date of stay: July 2015,5.0
825,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or825-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent,"My husband and I stayed here for three nights in May. Our room had plenty of space, and was very clean and well kept.  Every single member of staff went out of their way to be helpful, including the concierge.  The leisure facilities on offer were amazing for a central London hotel. The swimming pool was wonderful, hardly anyone using it so was perfect for me.  We booked massages and these certainly didn't disappoint either. The only surprise was that there was a small flight of steps to get to our room, but I can't mark the hotel down because as soon as I mentioned the steps to the reception staff, they offered to move us the following day. We chose not to take them up on the offer, but it might be worth checking out if you have any mobility problems. It certainly didn't spoil…",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
826,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or825-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Never again!,"Meridien used to be one of my favorite brands of SPG but London gave me a new view onto this brand. Normally Meridien has top notch service and they really look after you upon arrival. In London the staff is not competent, standard rooms are awful and even junior suite level is not at its best. Considering it is London rooms might be smaller but this is really not the best for London. If you are a major corporation and want to do a corporate celebration with 1000 guests the hour is ok. The executive lounge for platinum and its breakfast is a disgrace for whole SPG. Entering the lounge and instead of providing friendly service it was ""this is the platinum lounge"" and nothing clean and breakfast was almost empty but only three dishes and dry bread. The staff in general seems to be…",Date of stay: June 2016,2.0
827,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or825-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Historic hotel, oozing nostalgia and bang in the middle of London's Piccadilly","Having used this hotel for breakfast and cocktails; and many years ago, the squash courts, swimming pool and gym, finally I had the chance to stay here. I think I am right is saying that this hotel is almost 110 years old, and there is only so much that you can do with an old building. But what it lacks as a modern inner city hotel, it more that makes up with charm, history and good old fashioned nostalgia. First of all, thank you for allowing us to store our luggage for a day. And thank you for spotting us running down from Piccadilly Tube station in the rain, and relieving us of our bags. Everybody at the hotel was really so helpful and charming, but the door men and the concierge I suppose are the real stars of this hotel. I could have spent the whole day chatting to them. I…",Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
828,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or825-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Our home away from home ,"After an initial hiccup a decade ago, this hotel and its fine staff more than make up for it every year when we return every summer. It really feels like our second home.  We wouldn't think of staying anywhere else. The location is perfect. We walk everywhere.   The club lounge where there is abundant breakfast, afternoon tea and evening hors d'oeuvres is a welcome respite at all times of the day. It's manned by the friendliest people. Some of which have become friends. Domenico there is one of my favorite people. And if you have time to chit chat with him, he is a wealth of knowledge for anything to do with the theatre or many museums. He also knows his food! Ciao Domenico!  A few of my favorite people have moved on but many still remain to greet us by name, give us hugs and…",Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
829,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or825-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Nice large rooms with a great location,"We found the Le Meridien Piccadilly very nice and we have no complaints. We were SPG guests and were given a room that was very roomy. I really liked the towel bar in the bathroom that heated. I wasn't too crazy about the bar in the downstairs due to the fact it lacked character, but our room was a great size with a large closet and safe. I would go again due to the location as well. Concierge and doorman were very nice.",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
830,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or830-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Father's Day Lunch at The Terrace,"We went here for lunch to celebrate Father's Day on a deal that included as many cocktails as you wanted for free. Aside from the Negroni which I truly could not drink, all the other cocktails were very good and we enjoyed a good few of them, including champagne bellinis. The lunch was a help yourself for the starters. A couple of years ago, everything was help yourself, eat as much as you could cram in and their crayfish salads were truly excellent with copious amounts of cray-fish. This time round, things have changed and the crayfish salad was somewhat lacking on the crayfish front, but to be fair there were other items to consume and the rest was off the menu. The menu choices were good and the food was excellently cooked and presented. The desserts were particularly…",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
831,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or830-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Great Location, Mediocre Service","We stayed here in our last 2 visits to London in the last few years.  The main pull to this hotel is the central location just by the Piccadilly Circus tube station and steps away from West End theatres and Chinatown.  Cichetti restaurant is just across the street and has the world's best truffle ravioli.   Service is mediocre at best.  We are Fairmont platinum member and we frequent luxury hotels in various countries, so we are aware of good/impeccable service or lack thereof.    Some hotel rooms' locations are not easy to navigate if you bring your own luggage (lots of steps and it's a bit like a labyrinth).  The Front Desk lacks warmth and that ""go that extra mile"" attitude.  We stayed there twice in the last 3 years and never had good impression on the service.  This year we…",Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
832,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or830-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Never Again,"First the positives; Great location for getting around London. Also, it was clean. We also found all the door men to be very friendly. And lastly, the breakfast was a nice perk. It was not exactly delicious, but it was a nice inclusive option.   The negatives; So many! To began, they screwed up our reservation. This translated into not getting the room we had reserved (way in advance) with two beds. Then the guy at the front desk gave US attitude about the mistake. In addition, the a/c did not work properly in our room and the hotel could not fix it. Entering our room it was like walking into sauna. We had a bizarrely rude server in the downstairs bar one night. Then another night, in an attempt to avoid going back to the sweat lodge that was our room, we went to the restaurant…",Date of stay: May 2016,2.0
833,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or830-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Good location,My husband had a conference in this Hotel in June and I went along with him.  We stayed for five nights.  It was in a very good location - less than a five minute walk to Piccdilly tube station and Regent Street and around a 10 minute walk to Leicester Square.  We had a package with breakfast included. There was a good selection but the hot food was actually cold every day and the breakfast room itself was far too cold.  The room was a good size for hotels in Europe and clean. The other downside to this hotel was that the staff were not very friendly. Also we had to pay for wifi.,Date of stay: June 2016,3.0
834,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or830-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Poor service,"Went to the bar upstairs for some cocktails after dinner. Was not impressed with the staff, they didn't seem to want us to be there. We ordered 4 cocktails and they took about 20 mins to arrive even though there was nobody else in the bar. The only good thing was the cocktails were quite tasty! ",Date of stay: June 2016,2.0
835,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or835-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent location,"We stayed at the Meridien for a week. You can't beat the location. Right by Piccadilly Circus in the middle of the theaters. Soho, Mayfair, Green Park all within easy walking distance. The hotel is one block from the exit of the subway that goes to Heathrow airport. Very convenient! Piccadilly and Bakerloo line are there, they take you to many of the tourist areas directly. We had a classic room. It was nice, functional, however the bathroom was tiny. Bathroom issues: Water is slow, the towel warmer is right by the sink and it was so hot (and could not be turned up or down) that I burned my arm. After that I had to completely cover every part of it with a towel. Amenities nice and regularly replaced. Hot water kettle, tea and instant coffee were in the room and much appreciated,…",Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
836,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or835-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely meal,"Had a lovely meal here to celebrate a 75th Birthday, we had booked a Star Deal, it was very good value for three courses and a glass of Prosecco, also had  a petit four and olive bread, after our meal my Aunt had a plate of three small desserts extra with Happy Birthday in sauce, it was lovely.",Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
837,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or835-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Handy conference venue,"Near Piccadilly and the Royal academy. Well organised venue. Nice pastries for breakfast, OK coffee and tea and very good three course meal. Room was transformed very efficiently into a dining area. Staff were quietly competent. Clean facilities. Natural light was lacking. ",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
838,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or835-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Very poor loyalty recognition,"As a Gold SPG member since 1996 this was the worst recognition of loyalty in the program that I have ever received. Apart from the location, this hotel has nothing to boast about, aside from a great gym and pool. Rooms are extremely dated, small and musty. Hallways are dark and dreary, and have stairs that require you to haul your luggage over. Washrooms are small with old fixtures. Any type of power connection for a computer is via a socket near the floor. If you're thinking about staying in this hotel and getting recognized for your loyalty I seriously urge you to reconsider unless you see the room first and can back out for a refund. Good luck.",Date of stay: June 2016,1.0
839,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or835-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great Location and professional staff,"The location is perfect  for walking to museums, shows and attractions and if you want, the tube station is steps away. The rooms are decent size for families and in decent condition.  Always keep in mind that its a hotel in London not unlike New York where size has a price. It is in an older building but it appears they have tried to modernize it and the beds were comfortable.",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
840,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or840-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, lovely staff","Stayed there for three nights, such a great hotel in the best location! The front office staff was really nice and accomodating. Spacious, renovated room. We tried some cocktails in the longitude bar, which were nice. Would stay again.",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
841,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or840-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Average Hotel in Piccadilly Circus,"This is not a very pretty property and isn't quite up to Le Meridien standards.  Old building with worn out hallways, dated furniture, and a faint smell of mildew in some rooms.  A decent option at the price and locations, but certainly not a top hotel.",Date of stay: June 2016,3.0
842,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or840-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Unbelievable - would not come again as a SPG member,"Booked 4 nights here assuming we would have access to the Club lounge.  We have travelled around Asia and Europe for the last four months and stayed in several SPG hotels - Starwood, Westin and Le Meridien but this was the first where we were not given access to the club lounge.  The reason was they were full and had too many people using it.  As a SPG member since 2003 and a gold member this was a little disappointing to say the least.  We called SPG to clarify why we were not give  access - they called the hotel who basically repeated the same response to them, they said we could upgrade for 90 pounds per night.  So called the front desk as advised by SPG to upgrade, the first time after waiting 5 mins to speak to the right person was cut off.  The second time waited 10 mins…",Date of stay: June 2016,1.0
843,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or840-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Expensive and not worth the price,"We checked in on Thursday afternoon. We used our Suite nights to be upgraded into a suite room. Room was large relative to the other rooms, I guess. But, the room condition was very poor. Room lights were not working well, shower was not strong, water closet seat cover was wobbly, towels and toiletries were rarely replaced despite our 4 night stay. We went to the club lounge and stayed for an hour. We were totally ignored through the visit. Very disappointed. This is probably the first club lounge where I've seen the staff completely disengaged with the guests.  Tried to get directions from the concierge and again was given a snobbish response. Seems disinterested to assist us and we walked away to figure out the questions on our own via Google.  Paid almost £300 per night for…",Date of stay: June 2016,1.0
844,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or840-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Afternoon Tea,"I booked my afternoon tea at Le Meridien's Terrace Grill. . When I arrived they did not have my reservation. Luckily I had my printout of the confirmation. I had even received a reminder email about the upcoming reservation.  I expected a little more attentive service but after they bring you your food that is it. You never see them again and that makes getting the bill a very slow process.   The food was underwhelming to say the least. There were the little sandwiches, scones and a variety of pastries. I was given four scones but they were so dry and inedible that I couldn't even manage to eat one of them.   I was given another beverage that was fruity besides the tea. I really did like that beverage that was made for me. So that was the highlight of the afternoon tea.  This is…",Date of stay: May 2016,3.0
845,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or845-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Outstanding Property in London,Highly recommend! Used SPG points. We upgraded to a beautiful suite. Much building character! Treated so kind by all staff but especially want to thank Mr. Louis Galloway for his help! Great location!,Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
846,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or845-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Centrally Located,"The location of this hotel is excellent. The staff were welcoming and very accommodating. My husband and I were there, traveling from the U.S. and we could not have asked for a better location in order to see London! The room we had was small by U.S. standards but that has been our experience when traveling throughout the U.K. The restaurant at the hotel had great choices and the dinner that I had there the best meal I had in London by far.",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
847,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or845-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Not worth the money,"The entrance is promising, but that's already all. The staff is not that friendly, the room was ok but not more. The bathroom was a joke, not even enough space to turn around. The only good things were the restaurant where the breakfast was served, and the central location. But in total quite old and not maintained. We paid some EUR 600 for one night, definitely too much for what you get.",Date of stay: May 2016,2.0
848,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or845-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great location for visiting London,"Stayed here for 3 nights with my family.  It is centrally located to many sights and shopping.  Stayed because its a Starwood property.  Service at front desk and lobby and housekeeping was great.  The food is terrible.  Went for breakfast and scrambled eggs were not cooked throughly, bacon was raw and eggs benedict was overcooked.  We did not eat our meals and left.  I suggest eating elsewhere.",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
849,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or845-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Brunch,"Went for lunch with my daughters, good location, nice environment, polite staff.  The food was a big let down.  The buffet first course of fish, cheese, meat and salad was nice and the staff kept the buffet stocked.  The main course was very poor.  We had lamb which was barely warm and starting to congeal, the fish in batter was cold and the batter chewy, there was a about a serving spoon of chips for 3 people and about a teaspoon of peas each, all served cold.  The desert was basically pieces of cake and a small warm crumble.  The cocktails were fine, both alcoholic and non-alcoholic being available.  I will not be going back.  Not value for money.",Date of stay: May 2016,3.0
850,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or850-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent Location for visiting central London,"Stayed here for the weekend with my daughter and 2 Granddaughters for a special birthday treat. The hotel is in an excellent location and the door staff/concierge were very helpful taking our luggage while we went off for afternoon tea.  As with most hotels, we found drinks prices expensive.  The large family room was ideal for our needs, although very hot despite air conditioning.  Breakfast had a good selection, but the restaurant could have done with a few more staff. We had to keep asking for our tea and coffee cups to be refilled. Perhaps it would be better to have teapots and coffee pots on the tables?",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
851,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or850-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Woefully understaffed. ,"I have stayed at this hotel three times in the past 5 years and it seems to be worse each time so much so that this will be my last. When I checked in yesterday there were only two receptionists one of which was on the phone and not assisting anyone despite the queue.  The breakfast buffet had,if you came early enough, had a wide variety but was seldom refreshed. In general I was very disappointed. ",Date of stay: May 2016,2.0
852,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or850-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Cannot beat the location,"The location is the best thing about this hotel.  It is right next to Piccadilly station and the bus stop is just outside.  The decor is dated and basic.  Rooms are cramped and walls are thin so you can often hear the people in the adjoining room.  In our bathroom, you cannot easily flush the toilet as the handle for flushing is right under the sink counter.  That's how cramped it is.  But rates are cheap for this location so I would put up with all the disadvantages and stay here time and again.  The beds are comfortable though.  Have stayed here 7 or 8 times now.  Would not choose any other hotel in London.  The pool is cold and not very clean the last time I went.  The good thing is that staff are mostly accommodating.  They will usually let us check in early if the room is…",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
853,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or850-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Fantastic Location- Nice hotel,"I have stayed at Le Meridien Piccadilly a few times now. The primary reason for choosing this hotel is its fantastic location. You can easily walk to some of the main places in London west end like Covent Garden, Leicester Square, Green Park, Soho or Oxford Street. The rooms are nice and clean especially the newly furbished ones. If you choose the club rooms, they come with an additional benefit of access to club lounge which is quite comfortable for meetings and has nice wines and canapés in the evening.",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
854,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or850-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Average and Not Quite what it should be,"LE Meridien Piccadilly is a Starwood property.  Unfortunately, it doesn't quite live up to its standards.  Here's why:  Pros: - Great Location.  You cannot beat this location. - Very friendly staff.  They were actually very nice and accommodating. - Starwood property, so you do receive some benefits. I had an early morning arrival on a transatlantic flight and they let me check in earlier... However, had I known the type of room I would have received, I might have waited.  Then again, maybe not. - Really nice hot water in the bathroom  Cons: - The room was directly across from the elevator so all day and night long, you heard ""doors opening"", ""doors closing"".  They should turn that off at night.  I could not sleep without headphones on at night and especially in the early…",Date of stay: May 2016,3.0
855,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or855-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Afternoon tea with a tastecard,Lovely setting.  Looked after well.  Quiet.  Food good but might not have said the same if it had been full price.  Hidden place of calm in a busy area to have a nice uninterrupted chat-no rush to move us on.,Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
856,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or855-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Fantastic location - Rooms are outdated and dark - unless you get a newer room,"This is my third visit to the hotel.  Like the other visits - there was no real acknowledgment when I checked in regarding platinum status or any real effort to get me a nice room.  They offered me a large room - 225 - but I've had that room in the past.  It's big, very big - but dark, the AC doesn't work well, and the windows open onto the darkest corner of the inner courtyard - just above the exhaust fans.   The lady at the desk made no effort to try and find us another room, so my wife, 4 month old baby took what we were offered.   The next morning I asked another lady if there was anything else they could get us for the remainder of our stay.  It took her about 20 minutes but found us a much smaller - but much nicer room on the 8th floor.  It was quiet - even though we were…",Date of stay: May 2016,3.0
857,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or855-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Very nice Sunday brunch,"Second time here doing this, and it's changed a lot from all you can eat to a far more limited offering. But in a way, less is more, as mains and desserts are served at the table, rather than the relentless queueing which it was before. Food was decent if unspectacular, the unlimited Prosecco and range of cocktails helps you to relax without the worry of racking up huge extras in a 5 star hotel, and it was all served by a very friendly serving team.  Special mention also to the singer and guitarist, she had a lovely voice, and it certainly added to the experience. Recommended.",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
858,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or855-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Perfect located for your London stay,"The Le Meridian Piccadilly is really perfect located to explore London, next to the Piccadilly. The rooms are clean and nice equipped. Unfortunately not very large but absolutely sufficient for a long weekend stay. Nice Bar with great atmosphere.",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
859,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or855-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Good food but slow service,"My friends and I are seasoned brunchers, having all lived in various parts of the Middle East at one time or another. We knew this brunch wouldn't be on the same scale as the brunches we were used to but expected good things.  On the whole we weren't disappointed, the restaurant was lovely, the atmosphere relaxed, the staff friendly and the food was delicious. Sadly, the service wasn't as good. There were times when our drinks order was taken and only half were delivered, and several times an extra drink was brought which hadn't been ordered. Also, we had a very long wait between the starters and the main courses.  As a vegetarian I was disappointed with the choices on the menu; a mushroom dish and an egg dish. I don't eat either of those items but plumped for mushroom over egg.…",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
860,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or860-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Great Location, pleasant staff, ""hit and miss"" rooms","I've stayed at this hotel on several occasions and during different seasons for both business and pleasure. The location can't be beat. I use public transportation and if  traveling light take the Piccadilly Line from Heathrow which stops at Piccadilly Station (no elevators) which is merely steps from the hotel. Travel time is approx. 1 hour. If I'm traveling with a heavy bag I exit at Green Park Station (elevators) and is an easy 5 minute walk to the hotel. The reception staff is very attentive and pleasant even when busy. Security is also attentive and guests must use their room key to enter the hotel lobby in the late evening and night. This practice prevents random non-guests from entering if they have no business being there. I like this idea because Piccadilly is a busy,…",Date of stay: February 2016,4.0
861,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or860-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Central location, good facilities, friendly staff","I had a 2 night stay in an Executive Suite.  The suite was spacious with 2 bathrooms and a separate lounge. As a platinum member, I was warmly we locked in a separate check in area and provided a welcome note and snacks and free water in my room.  The room was a bit tired, but very comfortable.  There is a fully equipped gym and pool area - however not open 24 hours.  So treatments can be arranged and while there is no onsite therapists, there is a relaxation room and spa treatment rooms which are used by visiting therapists. I had a very enjoyable facial.  I had use of the Executive Lounge which has a good variety of food and beverages.  Room service was excellent. All in all a very good central London stay.",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
862,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or860-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Traditional ambience,"This is a very nice hotel, with grand but traditional fixtures and fittings.  We visited in the restaurant for a celebratory meal and were very pleased with the service, welcome, food and drinks provided.  A thoroughly enjoyable experience made all the more pleasant by the attentiveness of the staff",Date of stay: July 2015,5.0
863,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or860-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Brilliant location, rooms and staff","Stayed 3 nights in a Family room and highly recommend it. Best location for visiting London, super helpful staff especially at the Concierge desk. Fantastic breakfast with great fruit selection. The pool is very impressive, very large actually, must be one of the largest in a London hotels! Perfect to relax after a day of visit with the family. Would definitely choose Le Meridien when I come back to London.",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
864,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or860-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Not a 5 or 4 stars tired and not really clean. Great location and staff,"You can by no means qualify this as a 5 stars. The room walls were full of marks and scuffs or wood chips that hadn't been touched up or painted or cleaned. The toilet wall had slimy brown stains, the chrome in the washroom was full of spots and marks like no one cared to make it look decent with a last cloth brush.   There is no amenities expect shampoo soap and conditioner. I mean even in economy virigin Atlantic gives me a free toothbrush.   You can't run under the SPG banner and qualify yourself as 5 star with an old tired hotel with rooms in disrepair like this. For which you charge 300 USD a night.   It seems some rooms are renovated but none was available to change to. This is not acceptable.   The staff was pleasant the hotel is well located but that can be found in a 3…",Date of stay: May 2016,2.0
865,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or865-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great location - feeling a bit tired,"Stayed here with my partner for a shopping trip and booked through lastminute as a secret hotel and got an excellent deal. The room was comfortable and a resonable size with a very comfy bed. Bathroom was a little small, looking rather tired and the toiletries pretty poor quality for a hotel like this (supposedly 5 star). However, the location is excellent for shopping in Fortnum and Mason, Regents Street or for Selfridges.   Overall - Given the very low price I paid I was happy, however if I had paid full rate advertised on their site at the time I would have been pretty disappointed as I feel that there are far better standard of hotels with a more luxury feel very close buy at a similar price point.",Date of stay: February 2016,3.0
866,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or865-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Ce sont les petites choses,"Many small details show that some thoughtfulness has gone into the planning: a soft light comes on beneath the nightstand when you step out bed in the middle of the night; a combination of firm and soft down pillows so you’ll have whichever you prefer; separate bottles of shampoo and conditioner; washcloths (a rare find in European hotels lately).  Excellent location, steps away from shops, restaurants, and the Piccadilly tube station.   First impressions: No wait in lobby. Keycard-controlled elevator. No noise issues on 8th floor. Classy décor with wainscoting and beveled mirrors. 8th floor rooms had just been refurbished when we arrived May, no noxious odors.   Adjustable room temperature, but on a hot sunny day the a/c was pretty weak. Bathtub w/shower wand unit, good water…",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
867,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or865-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",What a location!,"Location, location, location: couldn't be better located.  the hotel itself is nice enough.  Good staff. Found a good price for it, so it was good value for a 5-star in central London.  Will stay there again.",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
868,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or865-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Hot and cold,"I am finding that with the exception of a couple locations, at Le Meridien hotels you get what you pay for.  Staid here on the recommendation of fellow SPG location The Park Tower when that hotel was booked.  By way of background Inam a business traveler who will spend approximately 60 - 70 nights in hotels this year between business and pleasure.  I am an SPG member and try to use their brands when possible.  Rooms are small.  Desk was so small that it only existed to check the box of having a desk in the room.  Bathroom, as well, was cramped, however completely serviceable with good water pressure in the shower and adequate lighting and mirrors.  Towels are low quality.  Service at check-in and check-out was quite good.  The hotel was very accommodating, getting me into an…",Date of stay: May 2016,3.0
869,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or865-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Fantastic location! ,We stayed at this hotel for one night (Saturday). The reception staff were welcoming. The rooms were a good size and very quiet. They were clean and the bed was extremely comfortable. Nice bar located downstairs. Didn't eat the food so could not comment on this. The reason for giving it 4/5 is the rooms didn't have that wow factor and they could have done with redecorating. The main reason to stay at this hotel and why I would stay again is the fantastic location - so accessible to various parts of London.  ,Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
870,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or870-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Tired, overpriced and unhelpful!","I have always avoided this hotel as I'm told  it's big on price and low on service, but I was booked in here by a client for a one-night stay. From problems at check- in with the booking to ""room not ready"" at 5pm - the start was inauspicious! Eventually we were upgraded to a Club room by way of apology for our room not being ready 2 hours after advertised check-in time. The ""club"" is a mezzanine landing that at 5pm offered a coffee machine for drinks some sandwiches and some scones. that's fine, but there was no room  to sit as the space was filled with parents with buggies. The room itself (509) was large enough but tired. Shower over the bath rather than walk-in shower, cracked floor and wall tiles  and a very rusty plug in the sink. The bed mattress again requires…",Date of stay: May 2016,2.0
871,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or870-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Keep coming back for more,"I can't count how many times I have stayed at the Le Meridien -- to the point where I made more than a few friends, especially Stephanie Truter in guest services.   I have to sincerely say a big THANK YOU to the Stephanie for being such a guest relationship extraordinaire. We had a memorable and comfortable home away from home.   No wonder everyone chooses the Le Meridien Piccadilly as their choice hotel in London -- I know I made the right choice to be a loyal guest. Stephanie's hospitality and thoughtfulness is what keeps me coming back, and makes me feel confident in recommending the Le Meridien to my colleagues, friends, and family.  We stayed in a suite and it was spacious for the two of us. The location is prime -- you have access to every key locations, whether it's…",Date of stay: March 2016,5.0
872,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or870-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Very Nice Hotel - Great Location,We checked in early due to overnight flight into London.  Staff made us feel very welcome and prepared our room as quickly as possible.  The room was a little small but the rest of the hotel was fantastic.  The restaurant / lounge is spectacular - huge atrium windows to look out into the city.  Breakfast buffet was expensive but very good.,Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
873,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or870-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great Luxurious Hotel,"My husband and I stayed in February this year. We had large comfortable beds, the bathroom was spacious and well equipped and the room amenities were super. Breakfast offered many choices from a lovely fruit selection, many cereals and burcia muesli and a large cooked menu. Service was a little slow at breakfast but it was a Sunday morning and the hotel was obviously busy. Check in and out was speedy and efficient.",Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
874,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or870-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Prosecco Afternoon Tea,"Nice surroundings in the Terrace, staff were lovely and attentive. Afternoon tea was fine, cakes not to our liking, but suppose that is a matter of taste. Had a voucher from Groupon, so was ok for price paid, would have been very unhappy if had paid full price of £41 pp and couldnt get an extra ham sandwich that was asked for!!  Still not found an afternoon tea that can beat Royal Horseguards Hotel.",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
875,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or875-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Not at all what is expected! ,"Making a reservation at La Meridien Piccadilly, I was thinking the rooms would be nice and the service fantastic. I would say their are only 3 reasons why person should stay at this hotel. Location, swimming pool and great sports facilities. And amazing CONCIERGE service. I never had such a helpful and accommodating people at concierge. Got great tickets for shows. Suggested interesting things. Apart from that. Rooms are old dirty with stains on the walls and floors. For 2 days until told drinks were not replaced in mini bar. Everything had to be told several times to be done. Phone in the one of the rooms was not working it again took some effort to have it fixed. The breakfast is good but service is not. Had to ask for coffee and tea forgot the count how many times. Finally…",Date of stay: May 2016,2.0
876,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or875-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Very Quiet room,"Very quick check-in. Hotel is a little 'tired' and in need of refurbishment but this add a little to it's charm. Deluxe room spacious. En-suite bathroom a bit cramped but this was not an issue for us a do not spend a lot of time in there! The room was VERY quiet, no road noise as not overlooking a road. View was not inspiring. Staff polite and welcoming. Breakfast choices were as you would expect from a buffet breakfast. Swimming pool huge and I was the only person using it. Lifeguard on duty.",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
877,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or875-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Very good,I usually stay at this hotel the location suites me I consider it quite one also  The rooms quite nice and clean looks new  The bed is big  the service is very good the housekeeping acts fast   Very helpful and welcoming staff specially  the concierge   I would. Recommend it  ,Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
878,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or875-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Great time, made better by the staff","I was able to get into my room early due to flights, and found it quiet and comfortable.  The staff at the SPG desk, and especially at the lounge, were very helpful, friendly, and quick to go the extra mile.  I'd stayed at the Sheraton just down the road more in the past, but being just a few minutes' walk closer to the West End attractions made a bigger difference than I expected.  It's also great for the Heathrow rides with luggage.",Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
879,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or875-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Super Location,"The hotel is located in Picadilly very close to some of the many attractions of London. The historical building is very beautiful and charming. Personnel is very professional and, in the same time, kind. Only two points: 1) the bathroom was maybe too small; 2) the traditional continetal breakfast could be enriched",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
880,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or880-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Horror,"Here is an Hotel which is constantly declining. Old rooms with hot water at random, noisy because of machinery, wifi working randomly as well and much more about keys, cleaning.....The only remaining feature of a luxury hotel is personel's attention.",Date of stay: April 2016,2.0
881,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or880-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Longitude 0.8,"Didn't stay at this hotel, but did pop into the bar, Longitude 0.8, for a couple of cocktails on Monday evening. Surroundings were beautiful, cocktails were lovely and the complimentary snacks were a nice touch. Bar was really quiet, but a perfect peaceful haven close to busy Piccadilly Circus. Would definitely return. ",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
882,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or880-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent,"The room was very comfortable, excellent fourniture and the personal always pending of ur needs. The ubicación in Picadilly street is unique, you aré close of the atractions of the city. Definitly  a good place to stay in London.",Date of stay: June 2015,5.0
883,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or880-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Repeat Visit,Stayed at this hotel on a number of occasions but last time it was a disaster. Recently re-visited following exchange of correspondence with the management and had a much better experience although our room was quite tired. Location remains excellent and would consider staying again. Thanks to Thomas Duxler.,Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
884,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or880-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Delicious afternoon tea ,I have just been for afternoon tea here and from the moment we stepped into the hotel we were made to feel extremely welcome. Everyone was friendly and helpful. The food was delicious and they were very good helping us with our dietary requirements. Would love to visit again!,Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
885,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or885-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Pleasant stay,We only stayed 1 night here but the room was pleasant enough.  One thing I would pick up on was that the shower was not good no power and took for ever to sort out the temperature!!! We didn't eat at the hotel so I can't coment on the food.  Staff very helpful and pleasant though,Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
886,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or885-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",My least favourite London SPG Hotel,Booked a last-minute stay at Le Meridien Piccadilly due to a missed flight connection. Arrived late at night and was disappointed by the limited room service menu and lack of sound proofing (loud roaring of car engines from the busy road in front of the hotel until well past 2am). ,Date of stay: April 2016,3.0
887,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or885-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Evening meal, don't waste your time or money! ","We had a dinner here with friends. Nice venue, The Terrace but the food was very disappointing! Starters were tasteless Duckka Chicken, a weird slab of strangeness I can only compare to sliced dog food! Our mains lemon sole were very average, pretty bland, okay for invalids on a restricted diet. The lamb was chewy. The desserts were shocking, lavender ice cream can only be described as tasting like you were chewing a Glade air freshener!  Sorry we won't be returning!  Oh and the Irish coffee was stone cold with two inches of cream on top, vile!  Meridien I was shocked! ",Date of stay: April 2016,1.0
888,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or885-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely hotel convenient to all of London,"Have stayed here on multiple occasions and this is my preferred hotel for its convenience and friendly nature. Lovely old building, the rooms are small unless you get a suite. Easy walk to lots of shopping and dining. Really close to Veeraswamy for great Indian food",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
889,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or885-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely hotel ,"This hotel is very central to Burlington arcade and F &M regent street and Piccadilly , the hotel itself is lovely very friendly staff, rooms are lovely got upgrade to a suite , bed very comfortable , great baths accessories ,food excellent, desert lovely , will definitely be back again  in November ",Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
890,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or890-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Relaxing Stay,This hotel is situated in a stunning location just off Piccadilly Circus. I stayed here for two nights and the room was fabulous. We had a little corridor in the room that led down to the bathroom with very large bath. The bed was super king size. Probably the biggest bed i've ever slept in. If there are two if you in it you wont see them all night its that big.  The room was very clean with a large full height window and a balcony overlooking the back of the hotel (not the greatest view) but the room was quiet and very comfortable.  The staff on the desk were very helpful as were the cleaning staff.  I will certainly come back for a visit.,Date of stay: May 2015,5.0
891,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or890-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Not worth the money,If you do need to stay near Picadilly then take my advice and look somewhere else. Fundamentally there is nothing wrong with this hotel. Clean and tidy public areas. Decent food. Friendly atmosphere. The big problem is the prices that are charged for what to all right-minded individuals is a room just bigger than the size of a shoe box. Send some time on the Internet and find a hotel with rooms big enough to swing a cat.,Date of stay: April 2016,2.0
892,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or890-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Disappointing Sunday Brunch,"Attended yesterday afternoon for Sunday brunch with family.  Pros The starter selection of meats, cheese and salad was very nice. As was the trio of mini desserts. They have a live jazz singer performing which adds a nice touch to the atmosphere. Cons Brunch includes 2 hours of unlimited cocktails, however on many occasions we waited more than 10 mins for the waitress to attend our table to order refills. We waited more than 40 mins from requesting our mains before they were served, when the food did arrive it was cold or not what we ordered!! The waitress didn't seem surprised by this. We saw a couple of tables around us, who arrived after us, receive their food, eat and leave prior to receiving ours! Better places out there for less money.",Date of stay: April 2016,3.0
893,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or890-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great location!,"Always our choice whenever we are in London for a brief visit. Staff are warm and friendly and it is waking distance to great shopping (old bond street and new bond street, regent street and Oxford street and even the westend - theater and China town) ",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
894,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or890-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Relaxing,"Building impressive and well kept, location central next to Regent Street, food on point and service amazing. Only negative side is that rooms are a bit small but they are great. The breakfast is my favourite thing of the hotel, the juices on offer are great.",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
895,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or895-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Afternoon tea,"Nice selection of teas available and a lot of cakes!   Vegetarian well catered for and staff were fully aware of vegetarian requirements (e.g. gelatin, etc). This is rarer than one might hope for in the catering industry, so I was pleasantly surprised.  Nice setting, although understandably not every seat will give a good look over Picadilly circus.   Attentive service throughout.  Overall a nice experience. And would recommend.",Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
896,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or895-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Had better ,Had wowcher for afternoon tea at Meridien including prosseco . Very basic had better in Vallerie in Romford service was good but wouldnt persuade me to return felt we had been seated in a makeshift lounge surroundings tired looking colour scheme awfull ,Date of stay: April 2016,3.0
897,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or895-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Really dirty hotel and rooms - room next to ventilator of restaurant,"This hotel stay was one of the worst ever. First they gave me a twin room with two tiny army-size beds. After I complained I got a room with a queen-size bed, but the room was filled with a deep noise like from a diesel generator. A technician came by and explained to me that this was the main ventilator of their restaurant. He would see to me getting another room. After a while the MoD called me saying the noise would stop at 11 pm. So for the 3rd time, I unpacked all my stuff. Later at 10 pm he called to apologize. He had talked to the kitchen and the noise would become less, but not go away. Trusting his assessment I stayed. The ness did not become less. At 5 am I got up, took a shower in the very dirty bathroom and left. All this for nearly 400 GBP.",Date of stay: April 2016,1.0
898,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or895-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely setting and good food at Le Meridien Restaurant,"We had an early dinner at the restaurant and it was thoroughly enjoyable. The service was excellent, and the staff were friendly and professional.. The food was delicious and beautifully presented. 3 courses and a glass of prosecco, excellent value.  Would highly recommend and would certainly go again when visiting London",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
899,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or895-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Mediocre - poor desk service,First time we have stayed at this hotel. We booked and paid for two club rooms the previous day (for family of 5).  They advise check-in to be no earlier than 3pm. Upon arrival at 3pm we were told that our rooms were not ready. They asked us to wait in the 'club room' whilst they sorted the matter (this was not at this stage a drama for us).  An hour past and I went to the desk to get an update. They were struggling to resolve the matter and appeared very disorganised and flustered by the situation. They informed us that one room would be available within half an hour but the second wouldn't be ready until 6.30pm.  This affected our arrangements for the evening (getting washed and changed to go out for the evening etc). I asked what might they do to compensate us for the…,Date of stay: April 2016,2.0
900,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or900-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, outdated rooms","Spent Easter night at Le Meridien Picadilly.  We have always loved the location of this particular Le Meridien: in between Regent Street and Oxford Street, very centrally located!  The indoor pool is expansive but not warm - somewhat chilly and has a steam room.  On the down side, the rooms (we had an executive suite) are outdated and in desperate need of renovation. The breakfast buffet is very expensive (GBP 28 p.p. plus tax plus service) whereas the quality is not great.  Le Meridien should and can do much better here.  Overall enjoyed the stay but not worth the price due to the outdated and worn rooms.",Date of stay: April 2016,3.0
901,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or900-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Don't bother goung,Quite frankly this is the worst place I've stayed in a long time! The reception staff were very unhelpful when we asked if we could change our room! Not only was the room grim & dark there was the constant noise of drilling!!! Of course there was no mention of refurbishment when booking? The room was dingy. No plug except at the front door for the kettle? A shambolic hotel never to be revisited!,Date of stay: April 2016,1.0
902,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or900-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Tired and Dirty,Check in process was laborious.  It was difficult to understand the people at the check in desk.  We asked to speak to a manager who was not on premises. The hallways need to be painted.  The rugs need to be cleaned or replaced.  The hotel needs a major overhaul to bring it to it's standards.,Date of stay: March 2016,3.0
903,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or900-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Afternoon tea ,We went down to Piccadilly on the tube and found An oasis in the middle of London as soon as you walk through the door the hustle and bustle just disappears the restaurant was relaxed and friendly and and the food was excellent and the service very good we just sat back and watch the people rushing by  a lovely way to spend an hour on the way out we checked out the bar and the relax atmosphere was there too ,Date of stay: March 2016,5.0
904,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or900-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",It was ok ,The lobby is nice and the bar downstairs is well put together. The staff was friendly and accommodating. I will say it was in a great area in to get around. The rooms however need some love. The doors are very banged up and overall a renovation couldn't hurt. ,Date of stay: March 2016,3.0
905,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or905-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent ,"We stayed here for 1 night, 2 adults and 2 children. What a superb location. 2 minutes from Piccadilly Tube. Even though in the heart of it all we heard no noise at night. The door staff were amazing, so helpful and friendly. The breakfast was fantastic, great selection, loved the smoked salmon. Pastries wonderful. Kids loved the innocent smoothies! The beds and pillows were so comfortable, we now have 2 children asking for beds the same at home! Pool area fab and kids loved an early morning swim. Lifeguard on duty when we arrived at 8.30am, even though we swam together we were very impressed. Hotel spotless. My only gripe would be the lifts, cards worked on and off and lifts so dark you couldn't see what you were doing! Other than that a fantastic stay. We will be back. Thanks…",Date of stay: March 2016,5.0
906,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or905-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Brunch Deal £35.00 per person,We had a wonderful time celebrating a special occasion at the hotel for brunch. The staff were welcoming & accommodating & there was an abundance of food & drinks. Great value for money and we were not rushed to leave. Nice touch birthday plate.,Date of stay: March 2016,5.0
907,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or905-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Kudos to Sampietro Andrea!,"You can't beat the location of this hotel, and now I can say you can't beat having employees like Sampietro Andrea.  On a return visit this Le Meridien, I wanted to try one of their signature cocktails which, as a Texas girl, had come highly recommended to me as it was a spicy drink.  I had been looking forward to trying since my departure from Abu Dhabi.  However, when I arrived on Saturday evening, I was told the bar/restaurant was closed for a private event but I could go downstairs to the other bar.  I did so, but was told they didn't have this particular cocktail in this particular bar.  I was very disappointed that I wouldn't be able to report back my findings to the group who had first recommended me Le Meridien.  In voicing my disappointed, a front desk staff member by…",Date of stay: March 2016,5.0
908,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or905-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great hotel - centrally located,"This hotel is perfectly located for London adventures. The staff was incredibly friendly and accommodating when we first arrived after our long flight. Brunch is very well done in their atrium style restaurant -- decent food and great ambiance. Club lounge is one of the better ones that I have been to with a great selection of gourmet snacks and desserts. The rooms just need a bit of updating, but no major complaints. ",Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
909,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or905-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Ideal locatio, lovely hotel","Perfectly fine hotel, great location, comfortable rooms and a great breakfast. Alittle  on the pricey side, but still lovely. We like this hotel as its central for everything, our room was a good size and perfectly equipt for all our needs.",Date of stay: August 2015,4.0
910,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or910-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Perfect location,"We were proudly informed we had one of the newly refurbished rooms by the friendly reception staff, and it was indeed a lovely room.  It would have been even nicer with a view out the front rather than the back but we weren't too concerned by this.  We mentioned on departure the fact that there was no blind at the bathroom window leaving us feeling rather exposed, but I trust this will have been dealt with by now! The position of the hotel is just perfect.  You can literally step out of the door and soak up the atmosphere of some of Londons highlights and if you didn't want to use public transport there would be enough locally to keep you amused for a good few days!",Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
911,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or910-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great Stay,"Very much enjoy my stay in Le Meridien Piccadilly, get welcomed by front office manager Stefan, very helpful,  All equipped in room was prepared and useful, bending was comfortable,  Only one area in the shower room was look old need to be improving other than that is great to stay there.  Breakfast was fully variety choices for the guest to selects very much enjoy my breakfast,    ",Date of stay: March 2016,5.0
912,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or910-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Best location!,"I have never stayed in a hotel that had such a convenient location! Walking distance from every major street/monuments and things to do in London. The hotel is a bit old, but isn't london also old? That's what makes this old just incredible to stay at! Definitely recommended this place when you are a tourist in london!",Date of stay: December 2015,5.0
913,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or910-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",One night stay,"Just want to say thanks to the staff, who catered for us beautifully.  We only stayed one night after dinner nearby but were impressed with the service & professionalism of all staff.  The surroundings are lovely, elegant salons & design.  As mentioned the wooden room furniture & bathroom is starting to look tired, but with the modern soft furnishings & art work it isn't as apparent.  Overall a very cool, central place to stay when you are in town.",Date of stay: March 2016,5.0
914,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or910-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",great service,"Travelled with my family ( Aunty, uncle and 4 kids) We had 2 rooms. Stayed for 3d2n. We were also upgraded to suite as my uncle was there on business trip. Travelling with 4 little kids is not easy, the customer service team was very understanding and always available and ready to assist us if needed.  Great customer service, room was fantastic! It is clean, there wasn't any funky smell, windows can be opened to a certain extent, safe for kids too, wifi was good( up to 4 devices I think), toilet is clean with bath tub, towels are provided.  I love the cafe, the food is amazing, the staff there was extremely polite, with a smile on their faces the whole time. It makes us feel very welcomed.  Right opposite is the waterstone store, if you love books, you have to visit. Loads of…",Date of stay: June 2015,5.0
915,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or915-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Location, Location, Location","The location is unbeatable.  A  2 minute walk from the Piccadilly Circus underground station,  centrally located to fine shopping, restaurants, theaters, and within walking distance to many major attractions.   I could not praise enough about the convenience of this property's location.   Apparently, this is a very popular hotel, therefore, do anticipate, the line waiting to check in or out, could be long at times, because there seems to be only enough space for 3 receptionist.    The check-in process was quick.   As a Platinum member,  and paying top dollar to stay here,  I was a bit disappointed, that the front desk was unable to upgrade me to the newly renovated rooms, or a suite.    the front desk claims there is nothing available, all sold out for the duration of my stay.  …",Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
916,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or915-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Sunday Brunch,"We went for Sunday Brunch last weekend. Starter was lovely as well as the Sweet. I was a bit disappointed with the main . The lamb was dry and tough, the half roasted apple had rancid gravy poured over it which left a not too pleasant taste in my mouth. Inspite of this occasion we do enjoy eating here because of the atmosphere, music and excellent staff",Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
917,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or915-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Brilliant ,"Everything was brilliant. I loved it all and the room was lovely, the staff were lovely and the food was lovely but the breakfast was not included in the stay. I think anyone traveling to London should stay here as it is lovely. Real Jewel of the city",Date of stay: December 2015,5.0
918,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or915-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Super location,"I understand that there are renovated rooms and non-renovated. I was in a non-renovated which was nice and clean but not at Meridien standard and quite ""tired"". Especially the bathtub was unappeticing. Location cannot be any better!  Staff friendly, though the breakfast staff was quite sleepy and gave contradictory information and generally helpful to the minimum.  Fine hotel for a weekend or business visit were it is more about being where it happens than hanging around in the hotel.",Date of stay: March 2016,3.0
919,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or915-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",best location,first i would like highlight location of the place. and its easy accessible to mostly everywhere by walk which is very good. as i expected people are friendly and rooms are clean enough. at downstairs swimming pool is something special when you are in middle of city. i don't mind to stay this place again.,Date of stay: October 2015,5.0
920,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or920-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Romance In The City,"Lovely hotel, great location as very close to underground station. Room was nice, got upgraded as well.  Bed was divine, so big and comfortable.  Bathroom was ok, maybe a spruce up might be needed.   Used the pool and steam room - very relaxing.   Nice breakfast.  Eat like a King.   The missus loved the break so thank you Le Meridien.   ",Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
921,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or920-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Loud!!! Very unfriendly staff. Rooms not so clean. Pool water should be changed,"This hotel is very central. It is more of a businesss hotel. But it is so LOUD in the street and through the night. The room is ok, not super clean. The staff rather unfriendly, i had to remind my room keeper to refill the complementary tea and to clean the table properly. Also the front desk agent could improve, there was a very nice one but there was also a very very very SILLY and unfriendly one. The pool is big enough to take a swim, they have a very good fitness studio. But if you want to relax dont go to this hotel. The manager should check on the staff... so that they dont treat people like number. Food very good and coktails too. ",Date of stay: February 2016,2.0
922,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or920-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great Location for First Time Visitors,"We arrived a couple hours before check-in, but there was a room ready for us. The room was of adequate size, with a queen bed, tv, table, chairs, and clean bathroom. We were on the 2nd floor with no view out our window, just a wall. The hotel is in a great location to walk to many, shops, restaurants, and attractions. The concierge helped us several times and were always very friendly and knowledgeable.",Date of stay: February 2016,4.0
923,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or920-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Good location with great service,What the hotel lacks in quality (rooms a little tired especially the bathroom) they make up for in service. Having arrived early the staff ensured our room was prepared next (as we travelled with a little one) and in the meantime we were looked after in the lounge. Room was more than adequate in size as was the bed and roll-out bed for our daughter. Ordinarily perhaps a little pricey for what it is but if you can get a discounted room as we did then definitely worth it for the central location.,Date of stay: February 2016,4.0
924,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or920-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent Hotel,"Very good hotel , really had good time , must stay .Had a few days stay though , but centrally located , not that much expensive , overall a good property , though the pool was not centerally heated , but good experience .",Date of stay: September 2015,5.0
925,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or925-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Art gallery visit ,Absolute rubbish  If you don't spend 10 mins I the lifts then well done because the card system is rubbish   They we were given a twin bed when we had clearly booked a double  I'm 6ft 3 and was I ever likely to fit in a single bed   When I asked at reception. I had the response   That I had booked  a twin   Clearly not and my booking .com confirmation proved I booked a double   This has to be the worst hotel in London st premium rates   A shocking experience and if I had read the reviews beforehand I would never have stayed there  ,Date of stay: February 2016,1.0
926,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or925-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Horrible experience at Le Meridien,As an SPG Platinum 75 member I have spent a lot of time in hotels and this has been one of the worst experiences.  1) Lack of cleanliness in all the rooms 2) Unprofessional und unhelpful front desk staff 3) Inflexible and rude staff  I will not be staying at this hotel again!,Date of stay: February 2016,1.0
927,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or925-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Disappointed,"My room, the service and the staff were excellent. What disappointed me was the fact that the side-by-side lifts have a known problem in accepting room cards so that guests may access their floors. If you receive a room card, or blank for my English friends, it will most likely not work when you insert it into the security slot in the lift to access your floor. I had to get 4 new room cards during a two night stay. This is a known problem which has not been addressed.  The Service button on my room phone only gave a constant busy signal. The only button which worked was the Concierge.   Quality of the Wi-Fi in the conference rooms was unacceptably poor.   The room was lovely, the bed comfortable and the staff professional. Unfortunately the three points of frustration will mean…",Date of stay: February 2016,3.0
928,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or925-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Very dissapointed,"We had high expectations when we booked our break.  In reality:- *checking in staff were very pleasant and helpful although on checkout they tried to charge for breakfast which had been included in our booking. This was, however rectified immediately.  * accommodation was dimly lit and in need of renovation. Bathroom sink plug did not work, volume control for TV in bathroom did not work, dirty/mouldy tiles under sink and at corners of bathroom. Make-up mirror on wall useless as far too high to see into.  No free-standing mirror in bedroom for applying makeup. Had to keep wardrobe doors open to allow light from within to provide light for room.  On the positive side beds and especially pillows were very comfortable and rooms were not noisy despite great location overlooking…",Date of stay: February 2016,2.0
929,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or925-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Sunday Brunch Spectacular,"This is the Sunday brunch of all brunches. The menu, the venue, the music and the service are all first class. On arrival to the hotel you will go to the lifts up to the restaurant. You will then be meeted and greeted and your external items taken to a cloak room. After being escorted to your table you will receive drinks of your choosing and your eyes will feast on the beautiful venue and array of amazing delights that await your plate. From breakfast classics, to roast dinners, salads to apple crumble it's all there for you to take until you pop! Whilst you feast , there will be live jazz performed as the Windows let in the rays of the day. I couldn't recommend this enough. As definite must do, for foodies and all alike.",Date of stay: November 2015,5.0
930,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or930-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",In urgent need of refurbishment,"Great location, beautiful building, service was friendly, but the rooms are truly past the acceptable level for that brand. Putting aside the noise from the streets, it's the bathrooms which leave you with an open jaw. Fixtures are beyond old and shabby, the paint had 20 coats upon coats, the silicon on the bathtub was replaced over the moulding of the previous level.  The linen is in a poor condition and the shelf in the bathroom was made of white painted plié wood. What a shame, for this hotel has the potential to be a palace.",Date of stay: December 2015,2.0
931,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or930-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great location,"Having stayed at the le meridien in Dubai on many occasions I thought that I would give the one in London a go and I was not dissapointed, the location of the hotel is fabulous, very central with the tube round the corner but mostly everything is within walking distance or a quick taxi ride. The room was a bit dated but was still nice, only downside was that we seemed to have an American vampire living in the adjacent room as he had a please be quiet sign on his door all day and came alive at midnight and made a horrendous noise and kept us awake but that's not the hotels fault I suppose but maybe a bit of sound proofing would help!",Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
932,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or930-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Location is great, but that´s about it","I read some of the reviews here before staying at this hotel so opted to pay for a room upgrade to a ""deluxe"" room.  We were very disappointed.  The location is great and the hotel lobby is very welcoming, but the fun stops in the lift (elevator).  I realise this is London and the room sizes are never palatial but this was really very small.  The room description said that there was a seating area, but in reality this meant they had managed to fit one armchair in between the bed and the window.  The view was a brick wall.  The bathroom was drab and the toiletries were not even up to Holiday Inn standards.   This is an old hotel so the floorboards creaked very loudly.  There was hammering going on downstairs and we could hear everything.  Breakfast was appalling.  The bacon…",Date of stay: February 2016,2.0
933,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or930-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Not exactly what we expected for 5*,"We have just left Le Meridien after spending last night there. The hotel is perfectly situated just off Piccadilly Circus and great for us as we were going to see The Jersey Boys round the corner at Piccadilly Theatre. On arrival staff were efficient and polite, my other half checked to see whether there was an upgrade available as the trip was a birthday treat for me, unfortunately there wasn't but when we went up to the room staff had left a platter bearing 3 desserts which said happy birthday- a thoughtful touch.  The bed was large and comfortable and the room was immaculate and clean. Our nights sleep was great.  On waking this morning however things went downhill from there and if I were to judge this hotel on the quality of its towels or breakfasts it wouldn't score too…",Date of stay: February 2016,3.0
934,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or930-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",We expected more for 5*,"We stayed for two nights in a  family room and whilst it was a large room and clean it was dated and dimly lit. The bathroom required some attention as tiles were cracked and there were messy repairs. The magnifying mirror was so high on the wall it rendered it useless. The volume control for the TV did not work in the bathroom either.  We had to leave the lit wardrobe doors open to add more light to the room. The room did look out onto Regent Street so it did have one of the best views for a hotel that we have stayed in in London and the position is great for visiting the sights.  As mentioned in one of the other reviews there are a number of steps to the rooms which are difficult for those who are disabled as we experienced. Breakfast was not a good experience, the cooked…",Date of stay: February 2016,2.0
935,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or935-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Average,It is in a great location with lots to do nearby.  It is clean and the service is acceptable (not great).  The rooms are VERY hot in the winter time.  The bar is sort of cramped and they just seem to miss on a lot of areas.  Wish it were better as i love the area.,Date of stay: January 2016,3.0
936,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or935-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Amazing,Without question my favorite hotel in London. Excellent location. Modern rooms however the view wasn't very good but that's not the end of the world. Very good food. Good service. In my opinion the leisure club/spa is fantastic (pool has a deep end which is rare in central London). Highly recommend it. ,Date of stay: March 2015,5.0
937,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or935-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great service ,"I had a few issues upon arrival and on my first day.  Louis, the assistant manager, went above and beyond to address the problem.  I was offered a room upgrade and came home after a long day to a complimentary bottle of wine.  He was an absolute delight to deal with and responded very promptly and efficiently both throughout and after my stay.    The location for business or leisure is great.  Service was great from Louis as well as a couple of lovely women on the front desk.  The fruit variety at breakfast is excellent as well as the service in the bar.  ",Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
938,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or935-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Exceeded our hopes,"Having read some of the reviews on this hotel I was a bit nervous of what i'd find. Whilst the low energy lighting didn't add to the ambiance, the staff were very welcoming and polite. The room was clean and well furnished. The swimming pool and gym seemed very good and free to guests although I didn't take advantage. Yes the drinks are a bit expensive but come with free nibbles, excellent service were a lot cheaper than Ronnie Scotts Bar. The hotel location is second to none.",Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
939,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or935-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",""" Highs and Lows""","This hotel is in a great location and is iconic to London since the early 1900's but it needs to stop trading on this and improve on there service. Bedrooms are dated but I have to say were clean, well ours was and if I understand correctly they are upgrading them. I am a Platinum SPG member and was there for my birthday weekend,so my expectation were high. We went to the theatre, dinner etc and returned to the hotel for a night cap, they do have a great bar downstairs if you are able to use it. Saturday night 2 weeks before xmas the bar is closed for a private party, even to residents but no mention of this when booking or even checking in.What kind of management closes there one and only bar to residents at this time of year, when most of the hotel would be occupied by people…",Date of stay: December 2015,2.0
940,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or940-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Staff want to be elsewhere.,"My family and I spent a day and night at the Le Meridien Piccadilly, on spec as a last minute decision after enjoying a dinner in London. Having stayed in several london hotels in the past I was intrigued to see how Le Meridien rated. What I can say is that it has the a great location right near the west end theatres,shops and restaurants and has easy access to transport. In the Hotel itself We had two rooms one for the children and one for my wide and I. These are large and well equipped, with everything you want, they are clean and well looked after. We had a good breakfast the following morning, i particularly like that the hotel puts out buffet style breakfast of both cold and hot food, which make the whole breakfast experience far more relaxed. Now the negative points. I…",Date of stay: December 2015,3.0
941,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or940-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",WOW,LMP exceeded my expectations again. A fantastic location and a team of dedicated professionals who are very focused on their guests. Excellent recognition of SPG members. Try Jermyn St for some excellent shirt and suit shopping.,Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
942,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or940-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",It was the worst suite room experience .,"I Am platinum member of Starwood hotels . Thats why when I go to London for the weekend I generally had to stay in this hotel. It's getting worse day by day.  My last visit was in January and I stayed in the suite room. Everything was in the room was unacceptable . Furnitures,Amenities ,housekeeping ,towels,etc. all the things were definitely unacceptable. Although the hotel has very good location all the other things look like average 3 star hotels.",Date of stay: January 2016,1.0
943,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or940-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Central location, good service, nice room","We stayed only 1 night at Le Meridien Piccadilly and it was a very good experience. We booked a Family room for 2 adults and 2 teenagers. The first proposed room was a little bit noisy so I asked the reception desk to see if we could have an alternative option. Andrea (at the reception desk) was super reactive and proposed to upgrade us in a Junior suite at the 8th floor (Room 815). This room was very quiet and comfortable. Kids slept in a sofa bed + extra bed.  Swimming pool is pleasant and hammam (no sauna in the hotel) very good after a full day walking in London. Hotel is very well located (you can’t find more central than this one).  Breakfast was great (with excellent pastries !!!) and served under the veranda.  In brief, a pleasant time at Le Meridien for an excellent…",Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
944,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or940-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Old, worn and not worth the money","I'M staying here now and can tell you the rooms are dated, the internet coverage is horrendous and there are stairs on the way to your room, that you have to lug your suitcases up and down.  No way could I recommend this relic",Date of stay: January 2016,1.0
945,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or945-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",I'm enjoying my stay,"I'm here for 9 days and it's been a while since I've stayed here, but so far it's been great. Check in was helpful as I arrived early from the US and they still found a room. The room is large, warm and comfortable. Housekeeping did a great job so far.  Tried the bar and restaurant and got nice service. Staff have been great. Got the wife coming in and I'm happy that she will also enjoy it. Location is fabulous. Close to all the good stuff....theaters, shopping, bookstores, museums and restaurants of note. ",Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
946,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or945-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",I won't be coming back,"I had good expectations for this hotel given its location and appearance, but was sadly disappointed. For the money it simply wasn't worth it.   The room was loud - every time someone walked by it was as if they were walking in my room and their conversations were crystal clear. Really not enjoyable at 1 in the morning when I was trying to sleep.   The heating system and water pipes in the room gurgled and whined intermittently through the night, making a bit of a symphonic accompaniment to the noise from the hallway. Who needs theatre when you have a room at Le Meridien?  Water pressure in the shower?  Somewhere between non existent and a spray bottle. You know what it's like driving on a day when it's barely drizzling and there's not enough water falling to clean your windows?…",Date of stay: January 2016,2.0
947,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or945-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Old Bertha needs a renovation.,"The hotel is showing its age definitely not 5* as seen on many sites. Best part was its location near Piccadilly. Staff was decent but not at par with service levels seen at 4* or 5* establishments.  If you want something right next to Piccadilly this is your new found friend; if not, many nice options right up the road.  ",Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
948,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or945-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Clean, comfortable room","While many reviewers have complained about the quality and cleanliness of the rooms at the Le Meidien Piccadilly we had no issues whatsoever during our stay.  The room (#418) was very clean (including the bathroom), very quiet, didn't at all have a worn look or feeling to it and everything worked just fine (including the heated towel rack and heating system).  It's also hard to beat it's location!  There is free wi-fi and bed turndown service.  Check in was very easy and smooth and we got access to our room just after 3:00pm.  The hotel is due for a timely update but nothing about its current state diminished our stay.",Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
949,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or945-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Well positioned,"This stay was a treat for my 70th birthday. Lovely hotel with all the amenities in the room that you would expect. My request for more pillows was dealt with quickly.  I was asked if I wanted foam or feather ones. The location was excellent for the theatre and shopping.  The only down side was the breakfast. Very very disappointing. We chose the buffet breakfast but the selection of hot items was very poor and not worth the money.  The food was lukewarm, the toast had to be put through the toaster at least twice. There was plenty of cold food on offer - sweet and savory so if that is what you enjoy then you could fill up on that, but if like me you want bacon, eggs etc. go elsewhere or chose something from the menu instead.",Date of stay: December 2015,3.0
950,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or950-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",40th birthday celebration,"This is our third visit to the same hotel.  Its central to where we want to be, easily accessible for theatres and shopping.  The staff cannot do enough for you, the room was excellent, clean and well maintained with exceptionally good beds, although pillows were a bit lumpy.  Breakfast was very good and varied. Free Wi-fi on tap.  We did unfortunately have a room near the maintenance housekeeping room storing their equipment,who woke us up each morning at 7.00 am with constant banging of the housekeeping  door and loud talking, from the housekeeping staff but immediately rectified by reception. Will certainly be returning for my 70th next year again in January. We have stayed in several London Hotels and this is certainly one of the favourites simply for location to all…",Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
951,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or950-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Nice and good hotel in the middle of the shopping ....,Very good hotel on Picadilly Street with a very good breakfast and dinner - rooms are clean and with a flat tv en usb for computer and also a very good SPA...very kindly staff and waiters at the restaurant with a nice view on Picadilly Street...,Date of stay: December 2015,5.0
952,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or950-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Only thing 5 star about this hotel is its location...,"Went there for New Years to celebrate my anniversary and was greatly disappointed - this hotel is definitely not worth the money it charges.    While the location is wonderful - close to great shopping, museums, theatre district, parks, etc, the hotel itself is in pretty bad shape, especially for a purported 5 star hotel.  And as a lifetime elite SPG member, I was particularly disappointed in the quality of room I was given.  As with many of the other poor reviews in TripAdvisor, my room was substandard and certainly not befitting that of a 5 star hotel.  Where to start - carpeting was worn, furniture was chipped, the windows were dirty and grimy and the HVAC was tepid at best.  Perhaps most distressing, however, was the bathroom - there was mold/mildew around the tub,…",Date of stay: December 2015,1.0
953,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or950-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Worst birthday ever!  Still missing part of our belongings that the hotel misplaced and has yet to return to us!,"My husband booked our weekend trip to London as a surprise for my birthday, and I was looking forward to staying at this 5 star hotel...but in the end it felt like a cheap motel.  We arrived in the evening and being an SPG member the front desk said they would have a better room for us the next morning, that they were fully booked so gave us the room they had available but would make the move in the morning.  We said ok and went up to the room, and as I was about to take a shower I turned on the shower and water sprayed all over the ceiling and all over the bathroom.  I called the front desk told them the issue, they asked me if it was not possible to take a shower because they would hate to move me to another room to just move me again the next day.  I assured them that it was…",Date of stay: December 2015,1.0
954,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or950-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Big Disappointment,"As so many of the other reviews state, this hotel should not be classified as 5-star and the rooms need an update (especially the bathrooms). I could have overlooked this if the service had been good, but unfortunately it was the worst I've experienced at any Starwood brand hotel in the world.  Don't expect any SPG recognition, they don't care. No one will say hi or even acknowledge you when you walk through the lobby. Also, you're overpaying for the room if you book through their website. After booking a room I immediately saw the same room for $50 less a night on Travelocity and Expedia. They wouldn't honor the lower rate...so much for their website's ""best rate guarantee"". The lady at check in begrudgingly said she'd talk to her manager about matching the rate and the manger…",Date of stay: January 2016,1.0
955,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or955-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Begging for a Big Reno,"You can't say enough for a hotel with a great location. Nestled right on Picadilly near the heart of the theatre district and Chinatown, the prospects for the traveler to stay busy all day long are a given. But that all concerns activities away from the property.  My daughter said this hotel has one of the nicest gyms she has ever seen at a hotel...now the bad stuff. Our room had a floor that creaked so bad, I often thought I might step through it. The paint, rug and furniture were very dated. The Windows had never ever been cleaned, and not that there was any view from this room anyway, they were filthy-you actually could not really see out of them. The toilet would ""run"" for minutes, and the taps were just about shot. Internet conductivity was very substandard. The Le Meridien…",Date of stay: January 2016,2.0
956,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or955-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent location and comfortable hotel although room types vary quite a bit.,"The Le Meridien Hotel was a pleasant surprise, the hotel is very well situated in the heart of Piccadilly close to a subway, buses and within walking distance from many sites. The room we were originally given had a terrible odor, after complaining for 2 days we were moved when the manager came and saw for herself. If fact we were moved to a very nice top floor room with lovely views. As a Starwood member we had access to the private lounge which was excellent [nice selections of breakfast items with great coffee, treats and drinks throughout the day and canapes and wine at night]  and  convenient. The front desk staff was not very good during our entire stay and I saw one of the clerks actually tell a guest off who did not deserve it.  The restaurant staff most of the concierge…",Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
957,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or955-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Prime Location For Tourists,"We've been Starwood Preferred Guest members for many years; however, this was our first time staying in a Le Meridien.  The location is clearly the main selling point of this hotel as it is within all tourist necessities.  The hotel boasts a huge lobby with a few modern seats along the walls to wait for friends/family.    I didn't think of anything at the time; however, I realized and confirmed a few days into our stay that the front desk staff checked us into a Standard Room instead of the Deluxe Room which we used our points on.  This got me into thinking that they probably did this in an effort to sell a room that can earn them a bit more during the busy week between Christmas and New Years Eve.  We don't expect much when using points for stays but to be ""downgraded"" into a…",Date of stay: December 2015,3.0
958,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or955-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Evening with friends,"First of all the hotel's obvious attributes - the prime location, the imposing and grand looking building.  The reception area is impressive with a revolving door to lead you in, although I was a little disappointed to notice the four people on the desk just looking down when I entered - without any interest or acknowledgement that a new guest had arrived.  Not the best first impression.  The lack of English comprehension among some of the waiting staff was worrying when I asked for a non-alcoholic drink.  We had some finger food with drinks which I was looking forward to, however, the fish and potato cakes offered with a dipping sauce tasted stale.  The cheese-filled choux buns were slightly better, 'though again, by their lack of freshness, tasted as if they'd been previously…",Date of stay: December 2015,3.0
959,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or955-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Terrace Grill & Bar,"We visited recently for a family celebration and dinner. The location is superb, overlooking Piccadilly in London and the service was warm and friendly. The food was slightly pricey, but not as bad as expected for Central London. The food was very well presented, tasted wonderful and the protion size was good too",Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
960,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or960-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great Location Touristy Hotel,"We love the Le Meridien brand of hotels, yet this is our least favorite.  The location is outstanding, the newly renovated rooms on the first (English) floor have comfortable memory-foam beds, great showers, and are spotlessly clean.  However, when requesting SPG upgrades other Le Meridiens have been more accommodating.  The staff was okay; kind, but not always as helpful as one might like, and every day of our pre-paid stay new charges appeared on our credit card.  The charges were removed before departure, but is can be irksome to see unauthorized charges mysteriously appear due to computer issues.  Nice hotel, great location, but we prefer the Intercontinental just down the road.",Date of stay: December 2015,3.0
961,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or960-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",night mare in piccadilly,I was on floor 2 of the hotel had a view of a brick wall but if I really tried I could sea the sky but I had to try really hard also there was a party in the restaurant which kept me awake for some time  ,Date of stay: December 2015,3.0
962,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or960-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Nice looking from lobby,"We made a reservation from back home and photos of the rooms where perfect. When we came to lobby everything looked nice, but than receptionist told us they have only 3 rooms with twin beds. We where 3 couples so we reserved 3 double rooms. When we came to rooms we where shocked. Rooms where totaly small stinky and dirty. Breakfast was O.K. but for 350 pounds per night they should also get you fried eggs for free??? Location is good but be carefull!!!",Date of stay: December 2015,2.0
963,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or960-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Slow service and pricey,"A beautiful location, we visited as friends were staying at the hotel.  The pricing of drinks at the bar are ludicrous and the slow service was inexcusable - there were only three tables occupied.   Also, be aware that a service charge is added to your bill, then a further ""gratuity"" box is on 'offer'!!",Date of stay: December 2015,3.0
964,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or960-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely historic hotel in Piccadilly Circus,"The Meridien Piccadilly is located in the center of bustling Piccadilly Circus and is a five to seven minute walk from the theatre district. The staff at the hotel are accommodating and go out of their way to meet your every need. We had Club Level access which is worth every extra penny since it included an extended continental breakfast, full afternoon tea and a cocktail hour which was enough for a light pre-theatre supper. The rooms are not modern but are comfortable and in good condition. I highly recommend this property for its service and good value.",Date of stay: December 2015,5.0
965,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or965-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Perfect location,"I chose this hotel because of the location. It is perfect for shopping, cinemas, theatres & restaurants. The hotel is expensive for what it offers, & the bedrooms are tired & in need of a refurbishment. The staff in the club room were very friendly, but I found the reception staff at times rude. The concierge was amazing, not only did he find myself & my 2 young girls a restaurant to eat in he also asked the doorman to escort us there, outstanding service!",Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
966,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or965-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Disappointing for 5 star,"Beautiful old building in a great location right at Piccadilly. Much of the hotel is redone and lovely. The best part of the hotel is their Terrace restaurant for breakfast. Super  glass enclosed space overlooking the street with an outside terrace. The hallways are new but beware the guest room floors are not one level. There are stairs, which makes it interesting but not easy if you have a lot of luggage or trouble with steps. The rooms are redone to a point but the furniture is old and in some places scratched, broken or chipped and placement of plugs is not conducive to the modern traveler who has computers etc to charge. We had a room on the 4th floor looking over Regent Street, which is wonderful to view at holiday time. But the room was small and the bathroom smaller and…",Date of stay: December 2015,3.0
967,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or965-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Poor service Le Meridien Picadilly,"Arrived at this hotel at 3 30 pm. Check in is from 3pm. We were told to wait and we would be told when the room was ready. We were emailed at 6pm. A 2.5 hour wait. We were promised a better room for the remains 6 nights. They said it is ""blocked in"". However this was not true. They gave the room to someone else. We are now 2.15 pm and still waiting for this better room. This is our fourth stay and it will be our last. We have platinum membership and it means nothing at this hotel.",Date of stay: December 2015,2.0
968,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or965-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great location,"Being just a few steps from Piccadilly Circus, it was a great location.  Other things close by are Regent shopping, Buckingham Palace, National Portrait Gallery, Covent Gardens, theatres.....  The rooms were surprising large for the location we thought.  They could use a bit of a facelift, but really not bad. This month was surprisingly warm and we had trouble with our air conditioning, but the staff accommodated was well as possible.  Great breakfast !   Intimate bar. ",Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
969,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or965-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Awful brunch,"I went to the Meridien Terrace grill and bar for Sunday brunch and I am sorry to say it has been a terrible experience for two reasons. The first is that the quality of food is seriously bad: there is a buffet with ""all you can eat"" but the quality of cured meat, salads and pastries is really below what you should expect.   The second reason is the price tag: £60 per person is nothing short of an insult given what you get. The crowd consists mainly in annoyingly loud birthday parties.   The only reason why I can give two stars rather than one is the nice glass ceiling that floods the place with natural light. Although do not expect any roof top view worth of mention.  Avoid, avoid, avoid.",Date of stay: December 2015,2.0
970,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or970-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Nice hotel ,"Me and my partner stayed here for a night away, very nice clean hotel, room was very spacious and clean, comfy bed, robes and slippers, only down fall was us being greeting at the desk by a very rude receptionist didn't like the way we was spoken to just because she went to take the deposit from my card then I said I would have to use the other in my bag as the money was on that card, no big deal but to her it was all huff puff and gave my key card looking the other way, but lucky we loved our room the location was great and had a great night, would defiantly stay again just hoping the reception staff are better next  time   ",Date of stay: January 2015,4.0
971,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or970-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Location, Location, Location","This hotel is part of the Starwood chain which we look for when we travel as I have a bad back and the ""heavenly bed"" is similar to the one I have at home, so I have built in bias to start with. That said we read a number of Trip Advisor reviews before reaching the hotel and I'm please to write, that based on our personal experience, we did not experience any of the problems set out in the negative reports. The check in was prompt, friendly and efficient. The minor problem was that our room was not ready (available  by 3 and we got there at 11:30) and we were told 45-60 minutes. We went out for a bite and when we returned an hour later we were told another 30-45 minutes. Didn't make much of a difference as we would have returned in any event to talk to the concierge about…",Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
972,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or970-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Nice hotel,"Generally, Le Meridien hotels are very nice.  This one had the smallest rooms of any I've stayed in.  It's in a central location so that was good.  Service was good and we had free wifi (Starwood members).  Unfortunately, the experience was marred by someone going in Mom's room while she was resting and tried to steal her purse.  But she screamed and he ran away.  The response from the hotel was very swift and they seemed to genuinely care, although they didn't find the person.  The valet guys are super nice and helpful - going outside of what they need to do to help.",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
973,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or970-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Brunch,Although brunch was very nice the service left a lot to be desired! On arrival there was no one to greet us. We waited some time to be seated. The waiter needed a personality and was not helpful at all. We decided to sit on the sofas to have a drink after brunch but ended up leaving and going to gauchos as not one gave us any service. Over all I thought the service was very poor. ,Date of stay: December 2015,3.0
974,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or970-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",A comfortable Hotel in the right place,"Piccadilly is in the hart of London. It is a very tourist area within a walking distance from all the major  attractons and the large shopping area in Oxford St . The hotel is a very nice 5 star property.rooms are very clean and they recognize SPG members . As a platinum SPG I was given an excellent room with a view on the 8 th floor. All kids of restaurants and coffee shops are next door .breakfast is available on the 2nd floor buffet with large variety of excellent food . The hotel includes Spa , and an in doors swimming pool . I have had an awesome time with very helpful staff. The hotel has a lovely manager Stefany very helpful and accamodating person. I do recommend this hotel.",Date of stay: November 2015,5.0
975,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or975-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Afternoon tea,"Very disappointing afternoon tea- service was extremely poor and the afternoon tea was less than inspiring.   Much better places available.   We were so disgusted with the service that we requested the service charge to be removed, which it was without any argument",Date of stay: November 2015,2.0
976,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or975-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Average at best,I stayed here for two nights and quite frankly I was disappointed. I felt the hotel took advantage of people because of its location.   The rooms are in need of a refurbishment and considering the room rate to then charge £28 for breakfast with a service charge on top of that when the buffet is self service is ludicrous!  I won't be staying here again. ,Date of stay: December 2015,3.0
977,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or975-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",2 nights at LM Piccadilly ,"Stayed two nights at the hotel as part of a weekend trip to London on my way to India. Picked this hotel because of the relative affordability (still was ~$500/night) for a London STARWOOD property. It's a decent hotel in a spectacular location right in the heart of London. The room was OK – I did not get any upgrade so it was just a basic king room. I also had traveled for 18 hours or so with no sleep but sadly they could not accommodate my early check-in request without a couple hour wait. Club lounge is fine for a quick small snack but nothing special - skip it if you're paying extra. Ultimately it's a fine stay if you're SPG and want to stay in the heart of it all, but equivalent properties outside SPG were available in the same area for almost 1/2 the price. Location an…",Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
978,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or975-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Location.. but at a huge price and many sacrifices in quality...,"We reserved here attracted by the 5 star qualification, the name and hotel chain (SPG Hotels) and finally the location. And we did that at a high price: because we thought it was time for indulging ourselves to a little of luxury in the center of London: Piccadilly!   But to our disappointment, there is nothing luxurious about this property. It is really a disaster. And old building that has received a very superficial and cheap cosmetic repair (think Ikea-like) and some paint on walls and over old doors that can not cover the fact that they are full of scratches and dings.  Smelly carpets on the hallways and room: full of visible marks of past spills.  The bathroom: a disaster. Here the levels to open the draining do not work, so you have to use your hands to let the water go…",Date of stay: December 2015,2.0
979,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or975-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Location a plus, needs a refresh","Great location, spacious, but rooms have an antiquated feel. My room had no view, lounge tucked away in basement. Near good running paths and attractions. Not a bad place to stay if the price is right.",Date of stay: March 2015,3.0
980,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or980-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Needs a revamp and staff upgrade,"reception staff were really good and friendly . Our room was damp smelling and the extractor in the bathroom didn't work. The room was dark and the whole hotel need a refurbishment to reflect the price. Buffet breakfast was cold (should have been hot ) and when I asked the waitress if she could get it warmed up she said they didn't do that and walked off ! the waitress flicked food and crumbs on the floor and expected guests to sit at the table in the mess. We had to ask for tea and coffee and then when that was served ask for milk. Very disappointing stay , would not recommend.",Date of stay: December 2015,2.0
981,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or980-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Friendly hotel,"A one night stay with my daughter celebrating her 17th birthday. Staff were amazing and a lovely treat delivered to our room was such a surprise. Breakfast was good. Rooms were quiet, water was hot and plentiful. A really good experience and looking for an excuse to return. ",Date of stay: December 2015,5.0
982,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or980-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Time for an update,"I was prepared about the hotel after reading reviews on several sites. But my disappointment went beyond the expected. I get it, big old grand building right on Piccadilly circus, that's what you are paying for. The rest is history.  Seriously people. The room was small, dark, smelled like mold. The first night while brushing my teeth I noticed that the bathroom was flooded because of a leaking toilet. A leaking toilet that got fixed the next day, while the short term solution was having a guy from the maintenance coming to dry the floor with a towel. The room and the amenities are so old that you struggle to see if they are clean or not. The free internet was super slow and spotty. The gym, the changing rooms, the pool. It all stinks of old. Time for an update.  If you are a…",Date of stay: December 2015,2.0
983,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or980-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",S Butler,"Booked in for a shopping weekend in London at this hotel which I have stayed in before but never again. The room if you could call it a room was about the size of a decent walkin wardrobe and opposite the cloakroom where I might as well stayed as the noise from this area was all I heard till the early morning hours. As for the English breakfast I would get better at a motorway service station and that's being kind. Customer service is none existent and would would expect a lot better service from a 5 star hotel,will not be staying here again.",Date of stay: December 2015,1.0
984,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or980-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Fine hotel in nice location,Nicely located hotel near piccadilly place  Great breakfast with lots of fruits and choices  Room typically english with decent confort and style  but have some age Diner was fine godd and nixe service  People were very friendly ! ,Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
985,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or985-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Fantastic visit again for a mother and daughter ,"We have just returned from a three night stay, as with all our other visits everything was perfect. All the hotel staff are incredibly friendly and helpful. The mezzanine is a must so I would suggest booking a club room, from plenty of drinks to very nice biscuits and other nibbles  it's a brilliant addition to our stay. The location is excellent for walking around London. We have stayed here many times and I would recommend it to everyone. We can't wait to go back. ",Date of stay: December 2015,5.0
986,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or985-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",My New Favorite Hotel in London,"I've stayed at Le Meridien Picadilly twice in the past year, once on a long business trip (11 nights if I recall correctly), and more recently for a long weekend holiday of 4 nights with my wife. On both occasions I was very pleased with the hotel - the service is great, they're generous with SPG Platinum benefits, and the rooms are quiet and well-appointed.  On both stays I was given a room on the Regent Street side of the hotel, and unlike some other reviewers, I had no problems with street noise. It does help to turn the A/C fan up a notch, but even without it the rooms I stayed in were both well-insulated from outside noise by double windows. The room I stayed in for the recent holiday was on the 2nd floor and even being so close to the street we barely heard anything.  I…",Date of stay: December 2015,5.0
987,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or985-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Good service, Ok hotel","I booked this hotel very last minute, i was passing through London and became very ill very suddenly. The hotel was almost full so there was no upgrade nor was i allowed accessed to the club lounge which was strange as i am PLT starwood guest. Anyway, both problems didn't bother me as i just needed a bed to crash into. i was given a twin room, as i was staying alone i would of preferred a larger bed but they had no rooms.   The room was very quirky and yet very snug, The chair and TV was higher up via two steps than the rest of the room. Closet space was small and a safe was in the room. The window was very high up around 5 foot so seeing the street outside was not possible. Bathroom was ok. I understand that guests on the lower floors had a noise problem. I was on a upper floor…",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
988,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or985-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent with 1 flaw,I have traveled for work and pleasure for the last 15 years and have spent 2000+ nights in hotels.   This hotel is superbly located and the staff could not be friendlier and they provided the most attentive service. It is an interesting combination of older buildings and has a pleasant concierge lounge with food and drinks which over looks the lobby.  The good: When I first arrived at around 11:00 AM the upgraded room they had assigned for me was not ready. I had just flown overnight on a red eye and without me asking they offered to put me in another room until my room was ready later in the day. So I had the chance to nap and shower then go out and enjoy the city for a bit. When I returned they had moved my bags to the new room. That was outstanding service. The concierge desk…,Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
989,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or985-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Planning Another Visit,"My wife and I always try to stay at the Le Meridien Piccadilly when visiting London.  First, the staff is always excellent.  Check-in for Starwood Gold members is especially efficient; on our last visit our room wasn't ready - the staff made us feel most welcomed after a long journey from LAX with a complimentary drink as they worked with housekeeping to get our room ready.  In addition, the staff has been attendant to our anniversary celebration - recognizing us with a personal note and a bottle of wine. I usually will write the hotel in advance, letting them know our arrival time and room preference which has been honored on all but one occasion.  The staff really tries to accommodate your requests; I always get two papers in the morning (can't get enough of the English press)…",Date of stay: February 2015,5.0
990,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or990-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Don't fall for the trip advisor / hotel packages,"I booked a room with a city view on the site . Checked in , definitely 4 star welcome - room has a view of a wall . Complained , now having to change rooms , with slightly better view . Room not ready so have to get changed in old room them move to the next . Big mistake - go to the Mondrian or Langham this us appalling ! Also the carpet in this room is wet !!! ",Date of stay: November 2015,1.0
991,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or990-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great Location,Great location but it's definitely not a five star hotel. The rooms are very small and a bit worn down. Staff was friendly and helpful. There is free WiFi but it's very slow. Two minute walk to the subway.,Date of stay: November 2015,4.0
992,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or990-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Weekend break,"Hotel was situated nicely in the city. Lovely atmosphere, clean and presentable room. We didn't really encounter any problems, it was a very comfortable stay. Le meridian always hosts a good quality stay. The place was a little tricky to find on the sat nav but we got there. Parking is close by. ",Date of stay: March 2015,5.0
993,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or990-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",How can a 5 star hotel close restaurant & lounge!!!,"Thank goodness it was a last minute deal. The hotel itself was fine and the staff were lovely. However, it was a Saturday and both the restaurant and the lounge were closed fro a private function!! Totally unacceptable. You could eat in another bar but no where near an unacceptable alternative for a 5 star. We also noticed they were to be closed for events on the Sunday. They are either a lounge & restaurant or an event space - make a choice! It also would have been good to be told that they were shut when we made the reservation. A german tourist was making the same complaint at reception when we checked out. I had to agree with him.",Date of stay: November 2015,3.0
994,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or990-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Luxury Seekers, This is the Hotel you want to stay in London!","We arrived after the morning after terrible attacks in paris. I have travelled for business in over 40 countries, but my wife has not, and the events hit her hard. Add to that that across the street down the road from the park, there was a military commemoration (with cannons) the city was a tad on edge.   Everyone at the hotel was welcoming and kind. David checked us in the Gold area in the back. He was knowledgable and kind and made us feel right at home. He got us directly to our room even though it was just around 11:30 am.  From the time we walked into the hotel until we were at our room it was less than 7 minutes.  And our bags were waiting there for us.    We were in a junior suite, that was stunning. It has a beautiful sitting room, half bath, closets, TV, luxury couch. …",Date of stay: November 2015,5.0
995,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or995-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",It is a 5 star hotel but its competitors are better.,"Firstly the location is superb. Its 75 meters from Piccadilly Circus station. We took a taxi from Kings Cross to the hotel and it took an hour and far more costly than usual. C'est la vie, stercus accidit. Nevertheless it is in an imposing position. Ideal in many ways. London doesnt really have a centre, it is a lot of little towns crowded together. They are delightful, but transport is important. Our preferred hotel was another 30 minutes on the underground to Paddington than Le Meridien. This hotel is superior, but in a different district. Hence our choice. We needed a direct line to Paddington and the Heathrow express.   I do not regret the choice, as Le Meridien is a properly organised and 5 star standard hotel. There are better, but I am sure that Le Meridien managers know…",Date of stay: November 2015,4.0
996,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or995-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Good location, average accommodation","The Hotel is in a good location close to Piccadilly Circus, so ideal for a West End theatre or shopping visit. There is a lovely bar area with great (expensive) cocktails to start off the evening, there is also a swimming pool and spa area (which we didn't visit). We were booked into a Classic Double Room which is their basic room - we were however upgraded to a Deluxe Double Room on arrival. I must say I wasn't very impressed. It was on the ninth floor, so lovely and quiet and was in the eaves (but not particularly low ceilings so tall people will be fine) There was a good view over the rooftops towards big ben, and Nelson's column, but I thought the room wasn't particularly 'deluxe'. As in most hotels in Central London, it wasn't a very large room, so the Classic rooms will be…",Date of stay: November 2015,3.0
997,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or995-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great location ,"The classic European feel made-up for the age of the hotel. The location is perfect, being 5 minutes away from Piccadily tube station. The hotel is also within walkable distance of major attractions such as the shopping heaven,  Oxford Circus, Big Ben, Buckingham palace and the main theatres. I was welcomed by Gabriel and as the room was not ready when I arrived, he ensured that I was waiting comfortably while he  helped to arrange for the earliest possible check-in. He also remembered the room I was staying in and always helped in my request.   Great hotel with great service. ",Date of stay: November 2015,4.0
998,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or995-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great location.  Dated but comfortable.,The location of the hotel cannot be beat.  The facilities are a bit tired but are also comfortable.  Quiet rooms make for a comfortable stay.  The health club in the basement is a good gym with pool and squash.,Date of stay: November 2015,4.0
999,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or995-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",The secret is out!,"It is the first time I have booked a “secret hotel”, but the offer of a 5-star hotel in Central London was too tempting! Having checked which hotels this might be, Le Meridien seemed to be the only hotel that satisfied the description. We managed to obtain a room for £129 which would normally have cost £439 – not bad at all! The room was extremely comfortable, with all mod cons, including complimentary slippers and bath robes. Entrance doors were opened and closed by a footman, who only lacked the top hat that one normally finds at really classy establishments!  The only problem with posh hotels is that restaurant prices are high. However, Piccadilly has an abundance of eating places, and we had a good Italian meal at Cicchetti (just a bit on the pricey side – see my review)…",Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
1000,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1000-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Unbelievably bad customer service,"So I booked on booking.com a double room. Hotel gives me a single room - I show them I have a booking for a double room and they say 'no we have it as a single; so nothing we will do about it""   No apologies - no attempt to look.  1 hour later after numerous calls to booking.com and arguments with the hotel they acknowledge I booked a double room and give me what I ordered.  Confusion I can put up with. Terrible and arrogant customer service I cannot.  Weekend already ruined - thank you le Meridien.",Date of stay: November 2015,1.0
1001,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1000-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great location,"Very helpful staff.  Quirky hotel with a variety of room shapes and sizes.  Most floors have different levels.  The restaurant should be avoided - luckily there are good places to eat within walking distance.  Location is excellent - can walk to Hatchard's the best bookstore anywhere, Fortnum & Mason, Royal Academy, National Gallery, theaters, Green Park, St. James Park, shops on Regent St., Oxford St., Bond and New Bond Sts.",Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
1002,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1000-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Nice Club lounge, excellent location","Location is excellent - within reasonable walking distance of many tourist attractions and shopping streets.  Service was friendly - however I would suggest a dedicated check in for frequent travelers such as gold/platinum members - there was a suite desk but it was unmanned when we checked in.  Only one person at reception at 6 pm and several people ahead of us in line seemed unfamiliar with the process of checking into a hotel (!) and took quite a bit of time - we waited about 20 minutes to check in.  Club lounge is on a mezzanine overlooking the lobby but still has private feel - nice breakfast and appetizer options.  Our suite was very large with a foyer, large living room and dining area, library nook, large bedroom, and two full bathrooms.  The bedroom had a king size bed…",Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
1003,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1000-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Visit every year on business ,Like this hotel for the Central Location convenience and consistent service. King rooms are clean and comfortable and well appointed.  Service has been hit or miss this year. Seems they may have had some turn over at the front desk and management.  I would highly recommend and I would not stay every year for the past 7 years if it were not stellar. ,Date of stay: September 2015,4.0
1004,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1000-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Good for a Quick Visit,"We chose the Le Meridien Piccadilly for our 2-day layover in London for its central location and proximity to the tube station. The hotel staff was courteous and helpful. The room itself is of typical European & Japanese standards but functional though a little dated. The bed was comfortable and not worn out. There are plenty of cafés and restaurants within walking distance from the hotel, or you can take a stroll towards Leicester Square and Covent Garden for more options.   We will definitely return on our next visit to the City. ",Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
1005,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1005-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","great location, not so great service","We checked in late around 9pm on 9/22 to the miserable room 227.  The room was horrible - it was an irregular shape tiny room (even in London standard) squeezed between the landing of stairs, the floor was squeaky and you can feel tiles moving moving over the thick carpet, and the window was covered, the toilette ran endlessly (with an incessant dripping sound)  one of the lamp on bed stand was missing, the phone was not working.  Overall, it was more of a storage than a guest room.  When we brought up the issue to the front desk, a mean mannered staff came to inspect the room and told us to close the bathroom door and as if we were making an unreasonable request to change to a different room. Simply Terrible.  ",Date of stay: September 2015,1.0
1006,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1005-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Amazing hotel for business and leisure,"First time stay at this hotel - ideal location, 2 min walk from the Picadilly station. The hotel has friendly and professional staff. Guido at front desk goes out of his way to help guests. The club lounge has an outstanding offering and in general the hotel's facilities are top class. If you enjoy keeping fit whilst traveling you don't get better than this hotel - did I mention the great WIFI? Can't wait to return this is my new favorite hotel in London.",Date of stay: October 2015,5.0
1007,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1005-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great location ,"Stayed 4 days. The hotel is centrally located and close to everything. Steps from Piccadilly Circus and the tube. Lots of places to eat nearby. The hotel is very clean. The staff was friendly and helpful. The rooms are pretty large especially since rooms in older buildings are usually on the smaller side. They will provide you with hair dryers and converters if you forget to pack one. If you're looking for proximity to everything I. London, this is a great place to stay. ",Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
1008,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1005-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","good location, dissapointing service",The location close to Piccadiliy Circus is quiet good if you like to see all the sights and explore London. The hotel itself has nice rooms and the facility is good - typical Le Meridien. We were quite dissaointed by the staff. The service was moderate and we had the impression that most of the staff were untrained - they did not seem to be very professional. When ordering ice cubes for the room nobody knewif it is free of charge or if there are service charges. The breakfast at the club lounge reminded me to a buffet of a youth hostel. The lounge always was a mess and the coffee machine was broken on 3 of 4 mornings.,Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
1009,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1005-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Not what I remember,I have stayed at this hotel several times but not for few years. Although I am an SPG gold member I booked through Lastminute.  Room on second floor was small but ok. Bathroom had the lowest ceiling of any bathroom I have ever stayed in. The shower in the bath was so low that I had to bend down to use it. Towels were tiny and the bath mat dirty. The hotel is sadly not what is used to be.,Date of stay: October 2015,2.0
1010,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1010-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Best Concierge InTown .... Bravo !,"I have stayed Le Meridien Piccadilly for many times since last decade.  It has super great location and restless night life ... quite like Hong Kong!   Buckingham Place, Regent Street, China Town, Soho are all round you and you can even walk to Convent Garden or Hyde Park at ease.  Hotel has a great breakfast buffet which is rarely found in Europe.  I spent 7 nights this time purely on leisure so I can really enjoy the hotel and experience their service.  I took 2 days excursions to Bath and StoneHedge and also Harry Potter Studio.  It was all arranged by the Concierge- George C.   He is professional and attentive   of which makes our journey home away from home.  We saw him almost every day when we were out and back.  A dedicated staff works for the company over 30 years.  I…",Date of stay: October 2015,5.0
1011,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1010-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, very poor accommodation","Location wise, the hotel couldn't be better in the heart of Piccadilly in the West End. Unfortunately though, the hotel itself is in very poor condition, rooms desperately need refurbishment and the bathrooms are dirty. Rooms are 2 star standard, the rest of the hotel around 3 star. If you want a good hotel in London, choose somewhere else.",Date of stay: October 2015,2.0
1012,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1010-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Over Price/NOT a double room,"Let me start off by saying-the location of the hotel was great! Right in the middle of Piccadilly-access to a lot of entertainment, easy walk to the theater district and Chinatown. Bus to Harrods was a dream, great front door experience/accessible. Now with all that said. The Hotel was a much more different and not pleasant experience. First-this is not a 5 stars hotel, more like 3 stars at best .We book for a double room, got a single with two bed-1 night stand with a lamp squeeze into it. No good closet space, actually only one closet, share with the minibar/fridge; so we keep our clothes in the suitcase.Their minibar was a mini fridge with three beers in it. Their coffee/tea maker only work when you plug it into an outlet near the air conditioner. I have been to London 3…",Date of stay: October 2015,2.0
1013,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1010-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Amazing location, walking distance to most places","This hotel has the most amazing location that give you easy access to almost all attractions in London within the walking distance. If you are a shopping fanatic this is definitely your place. Also there are many restaurants around that you can choose. The free internet speed is fast enough to watch youtube VDO unlike most hotels. If you are a light sleeper, might be a good idea to pack the ear plug because the street outside is very busy and could be noisy.",Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
1014,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1010-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Terribe,"Got a bad room - no hot water; weirdly shaped room with no cell phone reception.  Having to move rooms late night. Very rude staff, who was unapologetic about the incoveniences (a hotel manager who said, "" there are 280 rooms in this hotel, i cannot be expected to know all of them, and whether hot water works in them!"" -   this is just a really bad value for money hotel and unpleasant place to stay",Date of stay: October 2015,1.0
1015,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1015-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",The best location in all London!,"Just stayed 5 days there and it was great, We walked all over and the hotel was very convenient with the best location possible  and very comfortable beds....It is both steps away from the posh Mayfair area and Bond St --as it is from the more popular Picadilly Circus, the theatres of the West End -or the Trafalgar Square area. Not 'luxurious', but very comfortable --and well organized. I travel often to London and had never stayed there, but will definitely go back to it.",Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
1016,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1015-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Good Hotel, easily accessible to Tube station and in heart of city","Good Hotel, easily accessible to Tube station and in heart of city, but the good points stop here, staff was not at all cooperative,  being a gold member had requested for early check in (11AM) and non smoking room, when I reach the hotel the room was not ready nor was non smoking room available,  Receptionists were slow, and took ages to do one check in, in mean while I suggested that I would drop my luggage and go for sightseeing and asked for suggestion, the reply I got from not much aware, I wanted to go to oxford circle via tube and asked for directions to Piccadilly underground which is just 2 mins walking from hotel, but I got an answer why take tube, walk down to charing cross & Oxford circus, asked for directions for British museum and got no answer, post that I stopped…",Date of stay: September 2015,4.0
1017,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1015-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Still waiting for a written response,"My sister and I visited London to celebrate a special occasion. We arrived at the hotel at about 3pm and our room was not ready. We were offered a complimentary drink at the bar whilst we waited. This was acceptable as it is a busy hotel and rooms are rarely ready until 3pm. At 4 pm we inquired if it was ready - it was not! We were offered another drink at the bar and told the previous guests had not checked out! There was no other room available we were informed. We eventually accessed the room at 6pm. We had to leave for the theatre at 6.20pm so we had no time to relax. The staff were pleasant and paid for a taxi to the theatre. However, our time at the hotel was spoilt. On our return home my husband, who had paid for the trip as a surprise birthday present, wrote a very…",Date of stay: August 2015,3.0
1018,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1015-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Vacation in London,Very nice hotel. Easily accessible. Close to many places for tourists. Very cordial and friendly staff. Receptionists were very helpful. Club lounge is a great place to relax. Health club was very good too.,Date of stay: October 2015,5.0
1019,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1015-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Excellent Location, Very Comfortable Beds-- Great Choice for a London Vacation","I normally stay in Mayfair and was a bit skeptical about staying in the heart of Picadilly-- right next to Picadilly Circus. While the area near Picadilly Circus can be busy, hectic and slightly seedy (not unlike staying in Times Square in NYC), its location cannot be beat as you are walking distance from virtually everything you would want to see while in London. You are a few blocks from Trafalgar Square and all of London's best art museums, a 10 min walk from Leicester Square and the theatre district, a 15 min walk from shopping on Oxford Street and in Mayfair's posh boutiques and a 5 min walk from Regent Street shops and Fortnum and Mason. The rooms were well appointed and large and the beds were extremely comfortable with down duvets and pillows (unfortunately comfortable…",Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
1020,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1020-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Location, Location, Location, Outdated, Outdated, Outdated",Our first trip to London and we chose this hotel because we are Starwood Perferred members. We read all the mediocre reviews on Trip Advisor but booked anyways because of the location. It was expensive $320 Pounds per night but hey your in London so don't complain. Walking up the street the hotel is 2 mins from Piccadilly Tube station and it's curb appeal is dramatic and beautiful. When you get inside the lobby the size of about the size of my foyer at home so not very big for hotel standard. The staff was efficient and polite. The room is very small even though the front staff said we got a deluxe room. The room was outdated but it was clean and the bed was very comfortable. When you are in London you not really going to stay in your hotel room. The big advantage and what made…,Date of stay: September 2015,3.0
1021,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1020-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, Average Hotel","This was my second stay at the Meridien Piccadilly. Unfortunately, this time the hotel was a bit disappointing. The room that was allocated to us was very small and dark, with a tiny bathroom with a in-bath shower and shower curtain. I went straight back to the reception to check if any upgrades would be available. As  SPG goldmembers, we're used to either get a nice room or be upgraded. Their reaction to my statement was that  they usually upgrade the goldmembers but due to availability it was not possible to be upgraded. But 5 minutes later they showed us another room that we could upgrade to for 50 pounds a night.. This does not seem right to me, but I didn't want to ruin my short trip by having a discussion about upgrades.  During my stay housekeeping did a wonderful job…",Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
1022,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1020-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great location! ,"This is a beautiful area, great location, easy to walk to many of the sights. The hotel itself is quite upscale. Unfortunately, the room was not.... It was mediocre at best... The room is rated as a 3 star, although the overall hotel is very nice. If you need any fresh air or air conditioning, this is not the place to be! The room stays consistently warm and stuffy... Hot water for coffee... Yet, no plug available!! (we had to use the floor plug!!!!) The hotel was fine for a few nights, much longer would have been too long!! ",Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
1023,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1020-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Stay somewhere else, this is not Le Meridien standard","Stayed here for two nights, the best bits are the lobby and the gym, from there it's all down hill. I'm SPG Platinum and SPG lifetime gold so I've stayed at dozens on Starwood Properties. this would have to be equal worst along with Sheraton Princess Kaiulani although the Princess Kaiulani doesn't pretend to be a 5 star hotel. The room I was put in at Le Meridien Piccadilly was dirty, run down and the bedding was poor. The club lounge is a huge letdown, not worth the cost, very little on offer and you'd be better off elsewhere. On complaining about the standard and the state of cleanliness of my room I was given a typical generic response which really didn't say anything and certainly didn't resolve my complaint. I expect to get a similar response from the hotel if they read…",Date of stay: October 2015,1.0
1024,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1020-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Great service in the heart of city, but not up to 5-star standards.","Location: For any London visitor the location of the hotel is the absolute dream. The hotel is located almost on the corner of the iconic Piccadilly circus, just a few steps from shopping paradise of Regent street, leading directly to Oxford Street, minutes' walk from Soho, West End and if you don't mind a bit longer walk, you can walk to Houses of Parliament or Buckingham Palace. Here you are in the real heart of London.  Hotel & Rooms: As you are right in the historical center of the city, the building is a charming old building with its plus and minus points. Lobby is small and doesn't give the feel of a 5-star hotel. My room was disappointing. Small room in the corner of the building, facing a facade of another building perhaps 10 meters away from my window. The hotel was…",Date of stay: August 2015,3.0
1025,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1025-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Good for families.,"We've stayed here three times over the last ten years with our two children who are now teenagers. This is great option for families in a city where family hotel accommodations can be difficult to find. Our room rate included a buffet breakfast that was fresh and generous. Once you entered the hotel it was easy to forget that you were located in the very busy Picadilly area. Our room was quiet, spacious, clean, comfortable and had a nice view of the city that included Westminster, Big Ben and the Eye. It was also a plus that we were steps away from the Picadilly tube station. This is a very good choice for families in a great location.",Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
1026,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1025-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Nice location but the hotel did not feel luxury at all (and did not feel like a 5-star one),"I stayed in this hotel several times before on short (usually 1 night) business trips (because of its location and because it is a Starwood hotel).  This time our family planned to spend 5 days in London and we decided to get a suite at this hotel to get a better accommodation.  The price was not cheap but London is an expensive place and the location of the hotel is really good for a London visitor.  But we did not like our experience there.  It started with the check-in - I informed hotel well in advance on our arrival time around 1 - 1.30 pm.  But when we arrived at 1.30 pm (so not really an early arrival) we were informed that our suite would not be ready till 4-5 pm ""because a platinum Starwood guest is occupying it"".  It took some discussion with the check-in team that I…",Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
1027,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1025-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",very nice hotel,"It is not my first time their but every time I it is a different experience. The location is super excellent it is basically in the heart for the city. Rooms are nice, services are excellent, staff is very helpful. It is a hotel full of life.",Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
1028,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1025-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Worst Méridien in the World,"I'm a Starwood Gold member, stay about 75 nights a year in 4&5 star hotels, and visit London about 6-8 times a year. This place is awful. Service is indifferent. Food lacks taste. The bar is depressing. There is zero attention to detail. And last time I checked in they gave me the smallest hotel room on Planet Earth. Avoid this hotel.",Date of stay: October 2015,1.0
1029,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1025-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","high price, old hotel but nice","the hotel is very old, the location is good, some rooms are quite nice but others need renovation, in general it is nice but expensive, close to the bus station and the underground, good for 2 nights .",Date of stay: September 2015,4.0
1030,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1030-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great location hotel,"Beautiful old hotel that has been updated.  Rooms comfortable, have hairdryer available but not in a good location. We had an adapter and still fried our hairdryer!  Mezzanine available for additional cost but really nice.  Breakfast pricey but wonderful. Staff helpful and friendly. Great location, near bus tours, train station and shopping.",Date of stay: September 2015,4.0
1031,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1030-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great hotel and location,"I stayed there on many occasions and I just love this hotel!! even though it's in Piccadilly, you can't hear the noise. Meridien is one of my fav brands in the world!! beds are super comfy and service is amazing! Breakfast was very nice too",Date of stay: December 2014,5.0
1032,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1030-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Decent Hotel decent location,"This Le Meridien property was not up to the same standard as other Le Meridien properties I have visited, in terms of value, the look of the rooms, service, and room size, (I understand it is London though, so value and room size might be a little hard to find).  Over all it was a decent hotel with a good location, it just was not as great as other Le Meridien properties. But I would recommend it for a short stay.",Date of stay: October 2014,3.0
1033,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1030-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Yet another great stay.,"The LM Piccadilly never ceases to fail.    Great location.  Service goes above and beyond.  On our recent trip, we arrived very early in the morning.  The front desk was extremely accommodating, securing us a room within an hour of arrival, which we spent the hour in their executive lounge where our keys were delivered.  We had a lovely, large room with two baths.  The executive lounge is quite good.  Excellent service and a nice selection for breakfast and early evening nibbles.    My ratings... Bell staff 5/5.  Front desk 6/5, room 4/5, location 5/5.  A perfect 20/20.  I purposefully left out the concierge desk as I've learned not to use their services from previous experience.  All in all, this is our go-to hotel in London.",Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
1034,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1030-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Surrounded by great places to eat,Check-in was painless and staff were courteous. Rooms were better than expected but the club lounge could do with some spark. Everything worked well. One complaint is that the menu lacked sufficient options for vegans or vegetarians.,Date of stay: September 2015,3.0
1035,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1035-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Disappointing room,"We thankfully booked the hotel on a deal, if we had paid full price I would of been fuming! Room was small & pokey with little natural light, however it was a great location, we booked because it was near the Hawksmoor Air street, also great for the sights & shops. The bar however was good, the staff were excellent & cocktails delicious",Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
1036,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1035-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Very comfortable,"We stayed here for 4 nights and had a very good experience, overall.  A bit of a hiccup on check-in but staff was very nice and quickly made up for the delay with a nice treat. The room (on 5th floor) had a great view and was very comfortable.  The hotel was extremely quiet too.   We scheduled massages as soon as we arrived.  Very relaxing and professional.   Since we booked club level, we had access to the club lounge which looks over the lobby. Can't say enough great things here: the staff is terrific (friendly and helpful); the food was really good and the wine/beer at night very nice.  Sure  you pay more for club level but access to this lounge makes it worth it.  The location was great for our purposes— close to everything (including Piccadilly Underground location).    Are…",Date of stay: September 2015,4.0
1037,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1035-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","small room, huge price, miserly provisions","Paying GBP530 for one night creates some expectation. That expectation does not include a small room, one piece of soap to be carried between the shower and sink, worn towels, keys that occasionally worked in the elevator, non delivery of documents forwarded to me at the hotel days before my arrival, poor quality breakfast in the alleged executive lounge, refusal to grant extended check out despite being a Starwood member, no convenient power outlet for the kindly provided boiling jug, except on the floor. Though the location is brilliant though, this hotel was a great disappointment.",Date of stay: August 2015,2.0
1038,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1035-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Location is the best asset,"Stayed here just recently. The main thing going for this hotel is the location which is very central to most of the tourist sites, cafes and shopping in central London. Tube station is just 1 min walk away. Staff are friendly enough and facilties are decent. Rooms are dated and showing it's age in wear.Had to ask for a better room when first given a tiny room directly facing the elevators. Did get a much better room on day 2 onwards though. Had some issues with the bill on check out. One restaurant bill was wrongly charged to my room. Upon informing staff, first response was that they needed to ""investigate"" prior to removing the bill. Also had issues on what was complimentary (pressing) given SPG status. In the end too hard and not worth the grief and angst of arguing and paid…",Date of stay: September 2015,3.0
1039,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1035-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great hotel for the price,we stayed two nights here. we had a very well appointed room of a good size. we couldn't really fault the room at all it was excellent value for money. The bar and the restaurant are very overpriced. However I would not hesitate to stay here agin. It was a good hotel well situated for the town.,Date of stay: August 2015,4.0
1040,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1040-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great location for tourist acitviry,"I have been to London before and knew that I wanted this area. Great access to shopping and historical attractions. In the heart of Picadilly activity.   Great business hotel. Internet connection is high speed.   If you take an Uber, stand outside and wait, it is very difficult for them to wait in front of the hotel.",Date of stay: November 2014,4.0
1041,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1040-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Basic standard luxury. ,"The Hotel entrance did not impressed us at all. However once we popped in at the Terrace and bar the Manager /Supervisor took too long to welcoming and assigned our reservation table. Overall the food was good and well presented but the service was super, super, SLOW that  annoyed us so much that watching  the servers run like Chickens  and the worst thing did not give us so much attention.  ALMOST IGNORED US. ",Date of stay: September 2015,2.0
1042,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1040-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great location,This hotel has quite a lot going for it.  Location is perfect for a short stay in London.  The hotel was clean bright and modern.  The rooms were a little dated but what you would expect in an older building.  The beds were great and the amenities were fantastic.,Date of stay: August 2015,4.0
1043,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1040-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Stay here for the perfect location,"I have avoided Piccadilly Circus like the plague when visiting London because it feels so ""Times Square.""  In the summers when I have visited it has been crammed with tourists which lessened my desire to stay in that area, as did the traffic.  However, a business trip for my husband allowed me to tag along and Le Meridien was the chosen by his travel department.  I must say that my opinion of the area was very different in September without the summer crowds!  The ease of getting from Heathrow on the tube makes this area worthwhile.  There are plenty of restaurants in the area and you can walk to most of the sights on your list.  So - the location is excellent!  However, the hotel definitely needs some upgrades.  She's a grand old dame but the cracks are showing.  Our tiny room…",Date of stay: September 2015,4.0
1044,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1040-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",A little pricey but great location and history,"The Le Meridien is in a great fashionable location with excellent service.  The rooms are quite older, but I must admit the hotel does a great job in balancing history with modern conveniences and luxuries.  The rooms are smaller, but they are not cramped.  They have excellent wireless Internet service and a decent health club/gym if needed.  The major downside is the hotel is quite pricey and so are the restaurants...but that is what you should expect from a 4 star hotel in a trendy area.",Date of stay: September 2015,4.0
1045,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1045-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Perfect location, beautiful breakfast room","The hotel could not have a better location: 2 minutes from vibrant Piccadilly Circus, its subway and buses.The breakfast room is exceptionally pleasant, with a glass top, much light and in addition a plentiful buffet. The lobby is nice and the concierge is efficient. Unfortunately, the rooms are under-lit (as in many present-day hotels) and a bit sad, and the bathrooms are adequately furnished but small. Otherwise, the hotel is pleasant and its location is exceptional, though a little overpriced.",Date of stay: September 2015,4.0
1046,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1045-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Great Location, Average Hotel","The best thing about this hotel is it's location, literally right next to Piccadilly Circus, Fortnum & Mason (a MUST go) and a short walk to Trafalgar Square. The hotel itself was a bit of a letdown...my bathroom was old, not very clean and missing all amenities upon my arrival, although I heard from my travelling companions that their bathrooms were beautiful and newly renovated. The room was poorly lit and the floor, although covered in carpet, creaked a lot and made it clear that the bones of the hotel are old and perhaps not well maintained. The bed was comfortable and the amenities while not first class were serviceable - stocked minibar and an electric tea pot for a cup of chamomile before bed. The interior of the hotel is quite modern but not in a chic or trendy way -…",Date of stay: January 2015,3.0
1047,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1045-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Very British,"Stay several times in this property.A very good location on Piccadily Circus,close to everything in London center. Rooms vary ,from the indifferent looking backwards with a lot of notice on the lower floors,to the fantastic top front junior suite with a fantastic view on three sides all around London . There is not need to dine in ne hotel,as in few yards you can find much better places. Overall atmosphere upper middle class ,tourist and business . An affordable choice in an expensive city.",Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
1048,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1045-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Potential to be much better,Good location. Mostly good but the toilet didnt flush properly. Moved rooms but same thing. Front office dont pick up the phone and when they do it is with difficult to understand english. A pity really as this hotel has so much more to offer. Breakfast in the dining room was very pleasant ,Date of stay: September 2015,3.0
1049,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1045-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Very nice.  Great location good staff ,Lovely hotel. Well situated for London sites and business.   Interior of hotel is very nicely designed and contemporary.    Staff were very good. Especially the female staff at check in   I was booked into a deluxe room with a city view which was pleasant.    The room was very clean and comfortable.  I would say not quite at the standard of other 5 star hotels in the city and the bed heads back on to the corridor which can be a little noisy   The only disappointment was the bathroom.  It really could do with a serious overall.   Very basic and dated   Also just a minor niggle for me was the coffee facility in the room. All the other quality hotels I have stayed in have an espresso machine or at least filter coffee where as the rooms have the standard kettle and those horrid…,Date of stay: September 2015,4.0
1050,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1050-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Better options out there,"I lived in London for 5 years & travel there frequently. The only reason I have stayed at the Meridien few times is because of work. For the same price, I'd much prefer to stay at Jumeirah Lowndes in Knightsbridge (or Park Lane or Athenaeum or Stafford).  The hotel is not great value for the (lack of) quality it offers.  Pros Gym - decent size facility & pool, which is what I need on business trips Staff - nice & helpful Rooms good voice insulation from the loud street  Cons Rooms - run down, and very ""English"" looking - i.e. outdated, needs TLC Location - it's on Picadilly, but it's a loud street & not charming at all (lots of hotels in the same area in much more charming surroundings).  Breakfast - for hotel this size the spread is a bit disappointing",Date of stay: October 2014,3.0
1051,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1050-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Not bad but not for everyone...,"My rating is 3.5 / 5 (but TA doesn't allow 1/2 points!!!..). This hotel was our second choice. We were originally booked at the W but upon checking in when we found that our room was not functional and they did not have any other rooms available, the W manager arranged a transfer to this hotel.... and what a contrast this one is to Weird W!  The location is good. The rooms are spacious for London standard and the staff is warm and friendly. If you get a super-discounted rate, it is a decent hotel to stay but it wouldn't be my top choice in London for the following reasons --  1. Too dated. Interior shows its age in a bit of depressing way. A major interior upgrade is much needed.  2. The member lounge on the mezzanine is boring, cramped and offers very minimal services, food and…",Date of stay: August 2015,3.0
1052,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1050-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Incredible Location and Experience,"I couldn't say enough about how incredible Le Meridien was! They went out of their way to make our stay great and to help us plan many of our London adventures!! We arrived several hours before the check in time, but the staff made sure we got a room within a hour and even held our luggage for that hour so we could get lunch!",Date of stay: August 2015,4.0
1053,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1050-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",All about the location,"We stayed here on a spur of the moment thing, the location is what this place is all about, however when checking in we didn't even ask but got upgraded and had a good size room, yes it's the decor of you look for it is due for a refresh at stage but it was comfortable and clean. The bar is very kitsch and moody and they do some great cocktails and the staff were friendly. At £199 a night it's not cheap but you are right amongst it, short walk to regent street, Oxford street, soho, Leicester Square, basically everything that most people want is on your doorstep, so no need to pay for tubes or cabs like you would mess about with if you stayed in a cheaper hotel further out. Would stay here again",Date of stay: September 2015,4.0
1054,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1050-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Location=logistical perfection,"Practical location making west end theatres and Westminster tourist attractions easy to walk to. Hotel rooms were spacious, especially for London standards.  Good large swimming pool. Breakfast was fine with a wide selection.",Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
1055,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1055-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",The Perks of getting a suite,"This was our first visit to London. We stayed at this hotel for 7 nights in a suite. The room, considering it was in London, was a decent size. The bed and pillows were the most comfortable we have ever had (and we travel quite a bit). Everything was clean and included little perks like chocolates on our pillow, slippers, bottles of water on our night stand, bathrobe, etc. One of the best things about booking a suite was that we were allowed access to the second floor private lounge all day long. This included a great breakfast. In the evenings between 6:30 and 8:30 pm they offered free appetizers (varied day by day), wine, and beer. Between 8:30 and 9:30 they offered free wine and cheese. We ended up going multiple times, meeting up with friends and making an evening out of it.…",Date of stay: August 2015,5.0
1056,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1055-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great location,"Had a great three nights stay over the bank holiday with my husband a great location  it's a grande hotel very busy staff friendly , we had drinks one evening in the terrace bar we was in no rush but received two complimentary drinks as they thought they had been too long getting them  The bed was so comfy the room clean and we paid a great price as a last minute deal",Date of stay: August 2015,4.0
1057,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1055-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Hotel ok but overpriced and you can do better in London.  Health club staff needs guest relations training.,"Stayed here for a weekend with family.   Location is great for tourist access and that shows up in the price.  Hotel common areas were in fine condition although extremely busy.  So if you were trying to wait in the lobby you were almost always standing as it felt like a train station but only with seating for a handful of guests.  Our room was fine and larger than expected (don't expect a view though!).  What was a slightly below average hotel experience became worse due to the poor guest service experience we endured from the health club manager. Much of the health club staff were fine, but the manager of the health club appeared to enforce rules based on no ryhme or reason and then became rude/unpleasant/unprofessional when questioned.  Overall, even if you are an SPG member…",Date of stay: August 2015,2.0
1058,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1055-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, Great hotel in London","Walking distance to major tourist attractions in London: Backingham palace, Big Ben, British museum, Trafargar square, National Gallery, Mayfair, China Town, Soho, Ritz, Ivy...I was free upgrade to a top floor room, it was spacious, and I was very impressed. The Club lounge is excellent, offers breakfast, dinner, wine, Cheese, and you can find cookies/fruits/soft drinks there 24 hours. The only thing I would suggest was biscuits. There is no biscuits for the cheese at night, a bit strange. Overall, it was comfortable, pleasant, 5 star experience in this hotel.",Date of stay: August 2015,5.0
1059,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1055-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great place to stay for last three nights of uk holiday,"My mum and I stayed here for three nights from the 14th August.  Our stay was perfect.  We managed to book accommodation at a discounted rate, otherwise, this accommodation may have been a bit too expensive for our budget. Twin beds - perfect white starched sheets and a choice of two different pillows. The room was very clean, large enough to be comfortable, with room for a small table near the window and a chair.  The bathroom was perfect.  I actually worked in this hotel in 1989 for a couple of months, and I was glad to see the marble vanities and tiling in the bathrooms have remained.  Marble polishes up and is a really nice finish which lasts forever.   The staff on the front desk, in the terrace restaurant and on the floor to make up the rooms were just lovely.   The pool…",Date of stay: August 2015,5.0
1060,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1060-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent hotel,"My husband and i stayed here for a weekend and loved it. It is perfectly situated to get to all attractions easily. The room was spacious and the night turndown service was a lovely touch. The food here is excellent and not overly priced which was a surprise. We would definately stay here again, what a wonderful treat it is.",Date of stay: September 2014,5.0
1061,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1060-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Look elsewhere!,"While the location of this hotel was great, it lacked many aspects that could have made it a tolerable stay. -The hotel front desk has a consistently long wait even at odd hours. -Hotel restaurant is not worth visiting even factoring the connivence of it being on the same floor as our room.   -While hotel staff was generally kind (with exception to one front desk employee) they often had to be reminded of things we needed multiple times. -Hotel rooms and interior are not dirty but certainly not as clean as one would like. -Hotel interior is rather dated (not a big deal) but was told it was being updated. -Despite having a junior suite we were limited to 3 internet devices even though we would be willing to pay more. If you are doing work here you can have a phone, laptop and…",Date of stay: August 2015,2.0
1062,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1060-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great location.  Decent hotel.,"This is a big hotel in a great area.  It's not terrible, but we had all kinds of problems when we checked in which is factoring into my rating.  If you're looking for something right in Piccadilly, this could be a good option.   But, I worry that the staff wasn't very helpful or friendly.  We checked in at 8pm and our room wasn't ready which is really unusual because check out is at noon.  They were going to put us in a much smaller room than we booked.  It took a lot of time and effort to figure it all out.  It just seemed disorganized and they weren't helpful.  As a starwood fan, I was disappointed in my experience.",Date of stay: August 2015,3.0
1063,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1060-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Terrible room - Great location,"Friendly and helpful staff. Great location. That's where the positive review ends...  Room was a disappointment; musty odor, tub drain broken and on the floor, older bathroom with dirty/mildew covered and broken grout, broken toilet paper roll, no view, no upgrade despite SPG status. Lack of outlets in room and tiny TV make the room feel very old as well. The wallpaper was peeling off the walls. Wifi was slow and I was unable to connect at all sometimes. AC worked, but didn't get very cold.   Room also wasn't ready at 5pm (checkin is at 3). Hotel definitely needs a facelift before I would ever consider returning.   This is the worst SPG hotel I've ever stayed in!",Date of stay: August 2015,1.0
1064,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1060-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",The worst Le Meridien hotel management.,"I am even  platinum  member of starwoods  hotel group . Le Meridien Piccadilly is not like other Le Meridien Hotels I visited till this time . I think Because of they have very good location in London they have already good demand and never cares about customer needs. You can wait even hours and hours for check in . You can never feel even if you are platinum member . Talking with the Manager meaning nothing . I was talking about the problems and he was talking about how the hotel stuff was good people. You never can feel the room is clean, instead of changing the bathrobe they takes  dirty ones from the bathroom floor and hang on near to the clean ones. If you want to have  breakfast on the second floor, You can never get any answer to your questions about anything for example…",Date of stay: August 2015,1.0
1065,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1065-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Annoying lifts,"Reception in this beautiful period building has been jazzed up with monochrome and red, designer lighting and funky desks. Our room was on the fourth floor, where the lifts were annoyingly difficult to make behave and I'm sure many guests are spending more time than they should in them, travelling up and down trying to get to their destination! The room theme was black, white and red, with a small dressing room with plenty of hanging space, but an uninspiring bathroom which could have done with some love and attention. Access to the Club lounge entailed an entirely different set of lift tactics!! A degree in lift management would have been useful. The club lounge was small and reasonably pleasant and served afternoon tea, evening nibbles and standard continental breakfast.  Spa…",Date of stay: September 2014,3.0
1066,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1065-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Good Hotel,"Good hotel, kids eat for free and is close to regent street and the tube station! Enjoyed this hotel a lot. This hotel was also very fun because, it was close to Saville row. Saville row is where they filmed Kingsman. If you looked for a shop called huntsman on Saville Row, you'll see a sign that says Hunstsman. It has a sign next to it that say Kingsman since 1959.",Date of stay: August 2015,5.0
1067,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1065-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Zero customer service.,"Stayed here in May with several issues. Invited to contact Sergio Leandro, (Manager) to discuss. Tried telephonically leaving messages - no reply! Wrote personally with further details- no reply! If you have a complaint, keep it to yourself, no-one in management is interested.",Date of stay: May 2015,1.0
1068,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1065-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Perfect location! ,"We stayed for 4 nights and it was a great hotel. The room was clean, and the bathroom was quite spacious. Housekeeping cleaned the room each day, and we got fresh towels and such.  The best part about this hotel is definitely the location. In the middle of the city center, and a close walk to all the shopping streets and attractions. We could walk almost everywhere, and the tube is just a few meters away.   We rented bikes, and even thought the traffic is crazy it was a lot of fun!   If you want a nice hotel in a great location, you should choose this one.  Also thanks to one of the male receptionists for great assistance (do not remember the name of him).   We will be back! ",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
1069,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1065-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",a nice hotel in the center of london,"this is a nice hotel in center location.  u can hardly beat this location and despite being in the center of it all, it was still quiet and tranquil.  i esp like the pool which was so atmospheric.  the room itself was nice, with little raised platform for coffee table.  although my room has windows overlooking regent street, there wasn't much of a view.   i found the main advantage of staying here to be the location.  i could come back to the hotel easily for rest during the day, or drop off my shopping or going to the park.  service was moderate, but polite.",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
1070,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1070-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Fantastic location!,"Beautiful hotel right in Piccadilly, Very convenient location to go anywhere, nice and clean rooms, if only too small. Breakfast room is a must in central London, with a glass ceiling and every variety of food. Nice the Gym and the swimming pool. Negative points: very expensive and lacking a proper 5 star hall.",Date of stay: August 2015,4.0
1071,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1070-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great View from 9th Floor,"Tried to check in early but the room was not available, however Christian the friendly front of house assisted with storing our bags and letting us use the health club facilities to freshen up. They were accommodating at the spa. The pool and steam room are nice extras. When we returned we checked in without a problem with another clerk, no information about the hotel was proffered, this definitely could be improved. I had to call for information on breakfast and wifi. Room was lovely and spacious (London standards) on the 9th floor overlooking the sights. Super comfy bed, chairs, desk, great bathroom and a little walk in closet. Breakfast was excellent too. In our room there was a voucher for 2 comp coffees at the bar, worth a visit.",Date of stay: August 2015,5.0
1072,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1070-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Perfect location for shoppers,"Location is great if you want to be very close to the shopping/theatre districts. The hotel is half a block from Piccadilly Circus (and the underground)  and short walk to the shopping on Regent Street and Piccadilly street. It is walking distance to Oxford Circus or one stop by tube to Oxford Circus and a few stops to either Marble Arch or Knightsbridge (Harrods area). It is minutes walk from the theatre district  I find the area hotels to be quite expensive so if your main focus is sightseeing perhaps a different hotel will be of more value.  The rooms themselves are satisfactory without any wow factor. I had free breakfast at the club lounge from being in a club room. Breakfast served was continental breakfast and it was mediocre with the standard offerings of croissant,…",Date of stay: August 2015,4.0
1073,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1070-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Needs an overhaul,"Firstly i do indeed love this place but it is in dire need of some TLC. We have had great evenings here, not so great Afternoon Tea's however but the fact that dinner is so wonderful makes me come back. Having said this the decor needs a revamp as i witnessed last weekend. I just hope management reads these reviews as it would be a shame for this lovely place to go downhill.",Date of stay: August 2015,3.0
1074,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1070-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Got an account just to write this review,"We booked connecting rooms. These were not available which was ok. The front desk said we didn't request it. Not that it mattered but we showed them that we did. Instead of saying oh I guess there was a mistake on our end they blamed American Express, again none of this mattered since they already stated they didn't have the rooms.  The check in process took a good twenty minutes and they were unable to accommodate any of our requests. We were told we had club rooms at least together after going up we realized the rooms were not close together and one of the rooms was really old and dirty. We went down and just asked for our money back even though it was 2am. The manager on duty said unfortunately we can't do that since you booked through a third party. He seemed really happy to…",Date of stay: August 2015,1.0
1075,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1075-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, quirky hotel","We stayed at Le Meridien at the end of our holiday, and enjoyed our short stay.  The hotel does seem to lack some of the capability of other a similar hotels and that started with a slow check-in experience.  It seemed that the computer systems were either difficult to navigate or slow to respond.    The hotel itself has character and has presumably expanded over time and taken adjoining properties. That makes for some interesting meandering down corridors looking for rooms and some unexpected small staircases to manage if, like me, you want to keep you own luggage with you.  Rooms are fairly small and you take pot luck somewhat as to whether your space is going to be all usable.  We had a luggage stand in our wardrobe but we could not actually find a spot to deploy it anywhere…",Date of stay: August 2015,4.0
1076,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1075-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great but a tad bit antiquated,"The best thing about this hotel is the location. Its wonderfully placed but because of it the rooms are not exactly the best. there were steps getting off from the elevator and because they don't have ramps, you'd have to carry your luggage down and up. i was having luggage from a 3 week holiday which was a hassle.   The rooms are very spacious although the decor would be best described as classic tho i personally feel it needs to be updated as it seemed like a run down hotel with dim lights and antiquated furniture.   The Staff were extremely friendly tho and were very helpful which made everything more bearable.  But i can't stress how great the location was. I'll definitely stay again strictly or that reason only but I'm crossing my fingers hoping the rooms are updated.",Date of stay: November 2014,3.0
1077,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1075-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Could Be Great But Falls Far Short,"I had a terrible experience at this hotel on my last stay, but wrote it off to a ""one-off"" experience and decided to try again.  Unfortunately this stay was even worse.  The club lounge was out of plates and food for breakfast on every day of our stay, our room didn't have a shower curtain when we checked in, and it took us until the second day of our stay to get one.  The staff are cold and dismissive, except the concierge who was extremely friendly and helpful.  Our room didn't have a window that opened (it faced a concrete wall) so it was extremely hot and stuffy as the air con wasn't working well.  We requested a fan, but that didn't help a whole lot.   The carpet in the room was very dirty, making slippers a necessity (they were included).    Only one elevator was working…",Date of stay: July 2015,1.0
1078,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1075-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Well run hotel in a great location.,"You cannot beat the location of this hotel and the staff that go out of their way for their customers.  We got to the hotel early but were offered a convenient place to store our bags and the use of the health club to shower and clean up after our overnight flight.  Our 2 rooms were adjoining as requested and in good shape with a comfortable bed.  This is an older hotel so the rooms are small and the bathrooms small as well, however there was enough space for our comfort.  The concierge was helpful in arranging a guide and there were great restaurants and cafes very close to the hotel.  The Piccadilly tube station is steps away from the front door.",Date of stay: August 2015,4.0
1079,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1075-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Always a pleasure.,"The staff a great, the location is convenient to everything, the rooms are unusually spacious for London.  Le Meridien as a brand is elegant and relaxing and this location delivers despite being in the glam of Piccadilly Circus.  I've stayed here many times and always look forward to coming back.",Date of stay: August 2015,5.0
1080,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1080-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Good central London hotel. SPG loyalty recognised,"Having wined and dined at the property several times, this was my first time staying the night. I requested a room at the last floor  (9th) as I was hoping for a view, which we managed to somewhat get from the Piccadilly side (Shard, Shell Building, half the London Eye and a quarter of Big Ben). The other reason for requesting the top floor was reports of noise levels from the busy street below. This being summer and London turing into the world’s capital of loud sportscars, my fears were not unfounded but thankfully did not translate into an actual concern during after-hours.  In recognition of this being a wedding anniversary booking, we were sent some truffles and drinks up to the room as soon as we checked in, along with a card, which was very classy! The receptionist also…",Date of stay: August 2015,4.0
1081,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1080-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",How is this hotel 5 star? Unwelcoming and miserable staff ,"Firstly, I could not believe this hotel is 5 star, fortunately we were not staying the night as fairly local, however, it would be very disappointing for someone who has travelled for a special occasion or from abroad on holiday. I've been to more welcoming Premier Inns.  The biggest problem in this establishment is the staff, they have no customer service skills.  We had booked the Pattiserie Party and were early so I asked at reception where the bar was, he looked at me as if I had asked the strangest question ever and I should know this.  We went up to a pleasant bar and had a water and coke, which was brought over to us. Trying to pay was another issue, we spent 20 mins trying to get someone's attention, then to be told to go out of the bar and pay?!? We then stood there…",Date of stay: August 2015,1.0
1082,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1080-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Old style London charm and excellent location: near to everything,"I stayed here with my family for a weekend theatre trip. We were upgraded from a family room to their executive suite on the 5th floor (room 533) which was bigger than our old flat in London - that was a lovely room and really nicely decorated in greys and whites. Nice, clean bathroom. The bed was incredibly comfortable. Good shortbread biscuits! Air conditioning worked well.  The pool and health club are also nice, although they look a little dated. The toiletries are good quality. Towels fluffy and clean.  Much choice at breakfast, lovely fresh berries and good banana loaf that tasted home made. There were cakes like chocolate eclairs! I never had chocolate eclairs for breakfast so it's another life experience ticked for me (I know I should go out more...)  When we checked in…",Date of stay: August 2015,4.0
1083,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1080-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",In need of an upgrade,"While the service was great, elevators, Internet and front desk computers were spotty and it was frustrating. We paid for an upgrade to SPG 9th floor but it felt like service quarters. Small, round windows that you find on a ship, obscured what is a lovely view. The furniture was falling apart and the bathroom is a lawsuit waiting to happen. Aside from terrible lighting which was a disaster for applying make up, I slipped and fell on the wet tile despite having towels down. It was very hard getting in and out of the shower.  The keys cards that were needed to get to your floor were also spotty at times. I won't stay here again. ",Date of stay: August 2015,2.0
1084,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1080-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",TERRIBLE BREAKFAST AND RECEPTIONIST< OLD AND TIRED HOTEL,"Firstly great location and nice doorman thats where it ends ...stuffy hotel, terrible small room and bed ...bath was broke...breakfast in the terrace was hurrendous looked as if it had been boiled in dishwater...if thats what you can see god knows what goes on behind the scenes.....checking out on one leg as i'm on crutches lasted about 40 minutes while the trainee receptionist ummed and aaaaghed about my bill which after the manager was finally called before i missed my meeting was settled in an instant for 11 pounds!! hopefully got them on a bad day as it deserves to be so much more with a great location ....once manager dismissed the slow and painfully inadequate receptionist i was well looked after before i exited......in addition the server of my breakfast was rude and…",Date of stay: August 2015,1.0
1085,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1085-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Good But Not Great,"I stayed at Le Meridian Piccadilly for a week, and it mainly gains points for its location. The club lounge was nothing special and had a tendency to get overcrowded, while the staff weren't too concerned about restocking/cleaning. Also, if you are going to be spending most of your time out of the hotel, you won't get much use out of it, as the times that there is actually anything decent available is somewhat limited. We had some disruptions early in the morning from the service room that was next to our room. We complained to the manager who was very apologetic, however he was very young and seemingly unexperienced judging from the way he approached the situation. The rooms aren't amazing, but you will get more space than some of the newer hotels in London. Overall, if you can…",Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
1086,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1085-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Best bed. Best nights sleep. ,"Myself and my friend stayed in Le Meridien as I had to be in London nearby for a Bridal Gown alteration.  Both said it was the best nights sleep we had in a very long time.  Room was well equipped, cosy bed, clean, nice and quiet.  Service was fine & all staff we met were very welcoming, even the cleaning maids wished us a good day.  Would stay again.  Unsure why people have given it poor reviews. ",Date of stay: August 2015,5.0
1087,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1085-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Old and worn,"Great location, but claiming to be 5 star is wrong Old worn out décor Long overdue for a remodel Rooms smells like wet carpet and mold, washroom falling apart Huge useless room with no spot to plug in a phone charger Furniture from the late 80's Not all elevators work  Extremely over priced for what it is! Staff members try and are friendly but seem confused. Definitely not what is expected from a star woods hotel Feel very cheated  ",Date of stay: August 2015,1.0
1088,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1085-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Meridien Piccadilly,"We have stayed at this hotel on two occasions and both times were really enjoyable. We would particularly like to mention the guy in the bar. He knew his stuff with cocktails and was a pleasant, efficient and organised bar manager.",Date of stay: July 2015,5.0
1089,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1085-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Great Location, but dated rooms","Hotel is located in a very busy part of the city and took over an hour to get here from Heathrow and took my wife an hour from London city. Staff is helpful. I booked a room with twin beds. I was traveling with my daughter who is 16 and my wife and daughter were linking up with us here 5 days later. They gave me a king bed and when I asked for the twin room they put me on the 2nd floor which was below grade and old. I am a gold member with starwood , but they did  nothing to help. 5 days later my wife showed up and I was given a king room which was still not a very nice room. I called down , but nothing happened. Each time I checked in for the rooms they were very specific to point out these were paid for with points. I used 120,000 points here, I think I deserved better then…",Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
1090,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1090-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Not a 5 star hotel,"Le Meridien Piccadilly is categorized as 5 star on travel booking sites. But aside from its location and the price, there is nothing 5 stars about it. The hotel is not cheap, at minimum $400 a night and the rooms are tired and dark. I understand this is London so I don't expect too much from their hotels. And I realize if I want a true luxury 5 star hotel, I will need to pay at least 500 pounds a night which I can't afford. I would have given this hotel a 4 star but the room I was given first is just too small to feel comfortable in and the lady who checked me in looked like she was having a bad day; she barely cracked a smile! I did not want to make a big fuss. However after one night, I felt so claustrophobic in that tiny room that I had to ask for a room change. Luckily this…",Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
1091,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1090-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Bad (or absence of?) service and an old crumbling hotel,"We chose the hotel because of its excellent location but we were disappointed with the standard of service and upkeep of the property. First off, the bellmen were far from being helpful. No one offered to give us a hand with our luggages when we arrived and when we left - and that is when we have two toddlers in tow! Check-in was slow with mistakes (we booked a club room and were given a non-club room and therefore had to do the whole check-in again). The Concierge was rubbish - I asked for restaurant recommendation and the only option he gave me was the hotel restaurant! The theatre tickets he quoted were also GBP50 more expensive/ticket than that I bought myself (and they were exactly the same seats on the same show). The room was dark and the bathroom is very small - could…",Date of stay: July 2015,2.0
1092,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1090-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Good Location, but it ends there","We stayed here for 5 nights on our recent family vacation to London. The location of the hotel is excellent, right in Picadilly Circus and accessible to most of the London attractions. You can walk to a lot of places from here. Unfortunately, the positives end here. Our stay had its share of issues, which I will discuss below.  The check in process was extremely slow. We checked in around 2 in the afternoon and there were not many people there. Even then, we waited for a while. The couple next to us complained about the same thing.  Barbara tried to be polite as possible, but just seemed overwhelmed. The concierge was not especially helpful with questions on restaurants. They seemed more bothered by questions than anything.   The room itself was very dated. The carpets had…",Date of stay: July 2015,1.0
1093,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1090-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, comfortable, peaceful","Upgraded to spacious club room on 5th floor (SPG status). Comfortable bed, high quality linens. Fast wifi with wired connection available. Good water pressure in shower. Club lounge offers a good snack prior to starting the business day. My room faced Piccadilly but was quiet and peaceful. Great location for business in W1.",Date of stay: July 2015,5.0
1094,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1090-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Poor Room Quality but Fantastic Location and Great Staff,"I am an SPG Platinum member and selected the Le Meridien London because of the location of the hotel and because I read they had a club room which I could have access to during my stay. Upon arrival near the hotel at the Piccadilly Circus tube stop there is no doubt you are in the middle of it all which is what I was looking for. There are tons of shops and restaurants and lots of people around and it made me want to get out and explore the town!  Upon check in I was upgraded to one of the largest rooms in the hotel (Executive Suite - see hotel floor plan picture I posted). I thought this would be an amazing stay in London. However, it wasn't. The room was a little run down, especially the bathroom. You had to step-up into the tub in order to use the shower and the shower head…",Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
1095,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1095-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Fantastic Hotel, friendly staff, amazing location","My wife and 2 kids (2 and 5 yrs old) booked at the Meridien and my wife used her SPG to upgrade to the Jr. Suite. This was perfect because the kids had their own area to sleep and watch TV. The room was always very clean. The staff at the front desk were always friendly and patient with us (My 2 yrs old is like a Tasmanian devil). We lost our 2 yrs old one day and a staff member found him on the 8th floor and returned him to the front desk.   Wifi was really good throughout all areas of the Hotel. Club Lounge was great for the kids whenever they needed to snack on something.   My only downside was the wait for the elevators. One elevator was out of service and we had 2 strollers.. Whenever we wanted to go down from the restaurant to the lobby, we had to wait at least 20 mins so…",Date of stay: July 2015,5.0
1096,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1095-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Luxury lie-ins at the heart of the West End,"I loved my stay at Le Meridien. Huge room, massive bed (and it was only me in it), good-size of bathroom (you could swing something larger than a cat in this one) decent room service breakfast. It's as well-appointed as you'd expect from any hotel in this chain, and is a stone's throw from shopping, galleries and the theatre district, not to mention the iconic signs at Piccadilly Circus. Excellent food at the Terrace Grill and Bar. Recommend: the gin and tonic afternoon tea.   For parents: do note that when a main course is ordered at the Terrace G&B, your child under 12 can order a child's main for free. That's pretty cool. I'll be trying that one out when my daughter is a bit older.",Date of stay: September 2014,5.0
1097,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1095-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Wedding anniversary visit ,"We stayed here for one night. The welcome was not as I would have imagined for a 5 star, I did expect to fussed over from the very first step in the door but it was a more leave ya to it kind a thing.  The lobby was nice, reception was professional, when I said the stay was for our anniversary the reception  said they were going note that down, so I expecting something but nothing came of that at all. We were told we had been upgraded to a deluxe which sounded nice. There was no offer to take our bag which was surprising. The room was average a little dated but nice. We had a bath but the water wasn't that hot. There was bits and bobs hidden around the room like tea and coffee, hairdryer ect no instruction as to what was where.   The resturant on the second floor had a lot of…",Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
1098,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1095-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Not 5 stars hotel !!!,"We have stayed for 4 nights. There is no water pressure, we called engineer And he claimed that the hotel is very old and its Same in all rooms. The minibar was half full, and the coffee refills never filled out any day, even toilet paper they didn't refill. There are 3 elevators, one of them failed from the first day until today and all guest were waiting for 5 minutes for elevator. Except location nothing is good. .This is 3-4 stars hotel If you want to pay so much money go to W or coffee royal near by.",Date of stay: July 2015,2.0
1099,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1095-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely afternoon tea,"Got an afternoon tea deal from Amazon local and it was lovely. Unlimited sandwiches, tea and cakes. The food and the room were incredible.   The service was not fantastic, but that was minor considering the afternoon we had!  It looked like we're were in an old ballroom. It's also a great location, really easy to get to.",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
1100,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1100-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Perfect hotel for families and adults,"As a surprise for my daughter's 10th birthday we decided to take her to London. She's an avid Harry Potter fan and you only turn 10 once so we wanted to make a big deal out of it. As an SPG member booking was a breeze. If you book through their website or SPG.com you will get complimentary wifi and depending on your SPG status you will get a complimentary upgrade.  We were lucky enough to get an upgrade and loved out beautiful room! We also had access to the Club Lounge which was the best part! Breakfast, Tea time, light dinner, deserts, snacks throughout the day.  We weren't picky so we ate many meals here and really enjoyed the options and choices.    The pool is beautiful with an active lifeguard that will come watch you even if you're the only one there. Gym has many options…",Date of stay: March 2015,5.0
1101,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1100-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Very Convenient Location,"This property is ideally located just off of Piccadilly Square in the west end of London, right in the middle of the theatre district and within walking distance of some of London's best shopping and nightlife.  In fact its a mere 50 yards from Piccadilly Circus Tube line so is great if you've just flown into Heathrow Airport, and great for getting around London. You can walk to the hotel easily with a suitcase in tow from the Tube so long as you can carry it up a flight of stairs. (Welcome to London's handicapped unfriendly Tube system!)  As an SPG Platinum I requested early check-in as I was flying in early morning from the US.  Arriving at the hotel mid-morning I was informed that they couldn't honor my check-in request.  Wish I'd known, as I would have taken a shower at the…",Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
1102,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1100-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Perfect Location,"The location is amazing, it is truly right where you want to be.  It is within walking distance of the best attractions and food in London.  Love the location, which is why I have returned here twice to stay.  I am not a shopper, but I understand the shopping nearby is incredible. Room- very small, bed is comfortable, clean room.  A/C does not seem to be effective, room was hot and muggy, windows did not open for fresh air. Free Wi-Fi- super slow, but you can pay to upgrade your options. Food in bar was okay.  Much better options a few blocks down the road in the International District Staff- had minimal interactions but seemed very friendly.",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
1103,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1100-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Superb location for theatres and shopping,"We wanted a reasonably priced hotel convenient to the Apollo theatre, The Ritz and Bond Street and we weren't disappointed. The hotel is modern and the room was well equipped including an iron. We didn't eat here so can not comment on the food.",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
1104,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1100-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Terrace Bar and Restaurant Disaster,"My eldest son booked dinner here for our party of six as part of a triple celebration. Cocktails on the terrace were good but the terrace itself and the seating was a bit scruffy. We expected to be offered menus to choose our meal which was to be eaten inside but I think if we had not made our own way in we would still be there now. So of course we then order from what looks should be a good menu. Quite quickly some small taster items arrived, one each which were swiftly despatched. Fresh baked bread the arrived but sadly only enough for 4 people so we ending up sharing this like loaves and fishes. A promise of more bread was made by the friendly waitress and this did eventually arrive but some 10 minutes after it would have been nice to have it. My other son didn't have a side…",Date of stay: July 2015,2.0
1105,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1105-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great experience,"Hotel location is the best I had since I come to London. You are close to everything London has to offer. I was traveling with my mother who is 75 years old and the welcome and attention from the staff upon arrival was just great, even though it was a big week end and the hotel was packed. We were upgraded for a better room on the club floor.  The concierges were quite helpful (restaurant reservation, information and most important lending of umbrellas).... Breakfast was offering a very large range of homemade pastries, croissants, together with eggs,cheese, salmon etc... Was very good. The breakfast is located on the 1st floor in a big veranda very tastefully decorated. Rooms are classic but very comfortable. Overall a good experience. Will book it again if I go back to London.",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
1106,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1105-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Disappointed,"Booked a room here because others in my party were staying here.   Check in was a bit difficult, and not impressed with staff at front desk.   Seemed to be ""above it all"".   The door men and those that helped with our luggage were awesome, kind and so very helpful.   I slept well, so bed was comfy.   Marginal bath.   Did not feel, however, that the price I paid was worth it.   Does have a good location.",Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
1107,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1105-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Average,"Check in was extremely slow, 20 mins queuing then issues with the system. The room was reasonable, although quite small and the air con was really weak meaning that the whole room was boiling after a shower. That said, the location is brilliant so this makes up a bit for the room shortcomings. Not cheap but overall a good stay.",Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
1108,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1105-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Very mixed weekend stay,"We stayed in this hotel for the London Pride weekend. It was a very short notice Lastminute.com Top Secret Hotels booking and we paid £150 per night. This was cheaper than central London Premier Inn locations were quoting, so I was happy with that.  First impressions in the very grand reception area were good. Check-in was smooth and polite. I'd phoned them earlier to tell them we'd be arriving late and there was no problem there. The room itself was on the small side, but everything worked and it was clean, with crisp linen, so no issues there beyond a thick winter duvet on the bed, which I found a little strange for the time of year. We had asked on the booking for our pillows to be changed for non-feather and, although this was not in advance, it only took 10 minutes after I…",Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
1109,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1105-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",A great central London hotel,"We stayed for one night on a Saturday. When we arrived, we were welcomed by a very friendly man who checked us in and asked us about our celebration. The room was large and the bed seemed MASSIVE! We received complimentary wine and chocolates to help our celebrations! Thank you very much :)   In the morning, we used the pool and steam room. Both were very lovely and a surprise to find in a very centrally-located hotel. The tiny gripe we had was with the air con - we were too warm in the night. Overall, a friendly hotel with great amenities. We would recommend!",Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
1110,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1110-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, but outdated room and terrible service","The hotel is centrally located in Piccadilly and our room was comfortable although dated.  Every aspect of customer service was terrible.  A few examples...the check-in process took a long time maybe because they were having problems with the system used to program room keys.  We tried calling the front desk from the room a few times and could not get the reception or concierge desk so after 20 minutes of being re-directed by the operator I walked down to the reception ....oddly they were not busy so I didn't understand why they were not picking up.  At the restaurant we each ordered breakfast, but the waitress only ordered one of the meals so when it arrived we informed them of the 2nd meal.  Nobody seemed to care about the quality of service.  With so many choices in London I…",Date of stay: June 2015,1.0
1111,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1110-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great location and super comfortable beds,The hotel is in a great location for doing the typical tourist stuff that London has to offer.  The beds are super comfortable. The pool in the basement is a hidden surprise that you don't expect. However the breakfast at the club lounge and the afternoon snacks are a bit of a let down.,Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
1112,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1110-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Loved it!,"We arrived after a very long and tiring flight from Australia so the friendly and efficient staff person at reception was most welcome. First impressions count!  From then on, everything exceeded our expectations. The room was spacious, the bed was extremely comfortable and the location is brilliant. We've stayed in many places in London but this was by far our very best choice.  We'll always stay here from now on! We were there for three nights; the staff and amenities were outstanding at all times. (Our only tip for travellers is that because the hotel is prestigious and old, there are many small flights of stairs getting to and from the elevator and rooms - but this could have been on our floor and room only? It's worth asking if you don't have energy!)",Date of stay: June 2015,5.0
1113,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1110-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Well appointed, in central location","Only stayed one night with a group on business.  The hotel is a very short walk from Piccadilly station, Regent Street, and the West End, so for anyone on vacation it is in a great location.  The room was clean, quiet and reasonably sized; I was in a classic room with king bed. Breakfast was very good and the staff were helpful and courteous - I received an early check in without any difficulty. I would stay here again.",Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
1114,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1110-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Not worth the price,"With the exception of the location and the friendly door/ luggage men, the staff was actually quite cold. Credit cards were applied to the wrong rooms, I almost wasn't allowed to stay without my husband's approval since it was made with his card, and just a lot of disapproving remarks here and there. It's very noisy hotel, the doors automatically slam and the walls are thin. We paid way too much for the experience we received.",Date of stay: June 2015,2.0
1115,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1115-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great venue ,"Found this hotel on secret hotel last minute and dined literally  round the corner at Hawksmoor,  Air Street which was excellent . Great location, value for money  and next to a great restaurant  Swimming pool and gym completely and very pleasant and terrace bar/restaurant  good.",Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
1116,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1115-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Front Desk and Concierge- incredible  George, Paul and Stephanie","No one is more accommodating then this hotel staff.  I booked rooms, made changes, dropped rooms, and added again.  They were above anything I expected.  The concierge was incredibly nice.  I almost felt like I was in an episode of the BBC series, ""Paradise"", where the London staff lives to create an atmosphere of excellence.  Can't wait to go!",Date of stay: June 2015,5.0
1117,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1115-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Convenient location,"Nice and clean hotel. I was upgraded to a suite which has a large living room but a small bedroom. Staffs were friendly and helpful, although the reception could do with more staff and a shorter wait. Hotel is nicely decorated. I would be happy to visit again in the future. ",Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
1118,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1115-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent hotel and location,"Our daughter has booked events at this hotel and upon her recommendation, we stayed for seven nights.  Can't say enough about the staff. Fun, helpful and friendly with a personal pride in service. All were wonderful, but Vasco was the one who we will always remember. The first smiling face in the morning and when we would return to the hotel. What a pleasure. Such a kind, helpful and conscientious man...the best of the best.    The location is steps from the tube and surrounded by fantastic restaurants and shops. The hotel itself is gorgeous and our room was generous.    Take a moment and enjoy the staff. Your trip will be so much better for your investment of time.",Date of stay: June 2015,5.0
1119,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1115-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely stay here!,"My husband booked us into Le Meridien to celebrate our second wedding anniversary and my birthday and we loved it! We were given one of the refurbished rooms on the first floor overlooking the street and it was just perfect.   The staff were wonderful too. When Katrina found out we were celebrating our wedding anniversary, she sent up a bottle of champagne which was a lovely gesture. Just added to the whole experience. The room was a nice size, and to be honest, I wouldn't have minded just staying at the hotel, it was so lovely.  Now, I am from London so I like the noisiness of the streets so for me being on the first floor on a busy street was perfect! I love being in the centre of it all and hearing the buzz. It was a bit noisy at night but it was a Saturday night in the heart…",Date of stay: June 2015,5.0
1120,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1120-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",If you like small and dingy...,"Don't be fooled by the photos of the rooms showing windows and normal sizes.  Our room was a closet.  Super old and not very well maintained structure including a non-updated bathroom.  Dingy smell that turns to stale cigarette when you turn on the a/c.  Horrible customer service to top it all off.  By far the worst hotel experience I have had in years... possibly ever!  Oh, and don't go thinking that because you are a Starwood Gold Member your experience will be different, because I am one and it still sucked.    Save your money and sanity and DON'T STAY HERE.  The location is good, but it isn't worth the rest of the terrible experience.",Date of stay: June 2015,1.0
1121,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1120-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great Hotel,"My second time in the Méridien Piccadilly during New Year ’s Eve holidays. A fantastic localization, a unique breakfast room, very good accommodations and a pleasant bar (Longitude 0º8’). A very nice place to see the 1st January parade. Close to several theaters and shopping areas.",Date of stay: December 2014,5.0
1122,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1120-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Good location,My family and I enjoyed staying at this hotel as it has an excellent location! The service was good. The breakfast was really good.  We stayed in room 806...the shower pressure wasn't great - it was too weak to wash ur hair so that is something the can improve on.  The bed and pillows where really comfortable too.  **The traffic noise it's particularly bad on the weekend and can keep a light sleeper up all night!   ,Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
1123,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1120-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, needs renovating","The rooms in this hotel really need to be updated. This hotel has a great location but no parking. The lobby and the bar area are nice. We were in a suite on the 9th floor, very large room but the bathrooms and room décor is old. The bathroom are the dreaded white tile and plain.",Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
1124,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1120-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",poor quality of stay,"I visited this place again after a break,  as in the past was upset with their infrastructure and service. But they haven’t  changed much.  A/C in my room was heating rather than cooling, and without it – very soon this claustrophobic, small room was running out of air. High price maybe reflects the location, but certainly not the quality of stay. Wi-Fi is paid, minibar is lacking alcoholic drinks,windows are air-proof but not noise-proof",Date of stay: June 2015,2.0
1125,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1125-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Simply a great location!,"Stayed for 2 night and booked for 2 rooms. Got an upgrade to Junior Suite in of the rooms. This is a great location if you like to walk around as everything is within easy walking distance to Leicester Square, West End Theater District, shopping, etc. The Junior Suite is decent but already tired looking, the standard room is simply not great tuck in the corner and in really needs of remodeling. Not the standard of an SPG hotel",Date of stay: November 2014,3.0
1126,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1125-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Very nice hotel in a great location!,"We stayed here for one night only during a long layover we had in London. The hotel was in great location in Piccadilly Circus in the middle of the action and near a tube station. There are many restaurants and bars walking distance. The only issue we had was with the heater of the room. It was way too hot and we could not open the window. We called the front desk and they quickly sent someone to resolve the issue. Overall, it is a very nice hotel and I would recommend it to others.",Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
1127,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1125-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Afternoon tea Marie Antoinette theme,"Wonderful afternoon tea , sandwiches were delicious , scones clotted cream and many many wonderful cakes to choose from. Service were attentive, one thing we didn't like was the actual tea as it felt very strong in taste. However having said that we had lots of fun with the props they had dressing up as Marie Antoinette and napoleon . It was an enjoyable and fun afternoon tea.",Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
1128,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1125-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",'The best fillet steak ever' but not the service!,"Six of us gathered for a family and friends dinner as two were visiting from the North of England.    The location is great, and the ambience quite elegant, but we got off to a poor start.  The waitress took our drinks order, but muddled them, and forgot one.  She returned to take our order for meals, and we were amazed to see her disappear after writing down each person's order. Surely not to take them to the kitchen one at a time!  We then waited well over an hour, until the people who had organised the booking were feeling uncomfortable and overly responsible.  Not a huge problem, really, as the conversation was flowing in very good company, but still far too long.  When the meal finally arrived, my lemon sole was really good, and my uncle, who is elderly and very well…",Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
1129,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1125-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, esp for shopping","This hotel is located by the Piccadilly stop so it's easy to get to places by bus or subway (aka tube, underground).  Savile Row, Jermyn Street, Regent Street are all a few minutes walk away.  We loved the hotel outside and inside.  Our room was a little on the small side but it was ok since we were out most of the time anyway.  It would have been nice if we were able to open the window a bit more.  We had a view of the London Eye from our room, which was a bonus.  The staff were very attentive and helpful.  Vasco was very friendly and gave us some historical info about the city and some of the buildings.",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
1130,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1130-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Awesome service when I needed it,"This is my second review of this place. During my recent stay I experienced some family emergency situation and needed immediate assistance. The hotel staff did not hesitate for a second and provided me some outstanding support which really helped a lot in a stressful situation. This is what makes all the difference and tells you whether someone is just doing their job or whether they truly work in a hospitality profession. Apart from this, my room (337) was nice and clean and overseeing Regent Street which is a visual treat. Needless to point out that the location of this hotel can't be bet, it's just so much in the middle of everything. ",Date of stay: June 2015,5.0
1131,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1130-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Quick overnight stay in Soho,Had to book short notice and found myself here for one night . Have walked past many times and not entered but was pleasantly surprised by the service and helpful staff. The room was clean and functional with all the usual things you would expect from a large hotel. The location is great for a tourist as its bang in the middle of everything and easy to jump on tube or taxi and buses. For me I love being in this part of town so that I can get what I want to eat and when I want it.  Parking is 5 minutes walk but they subsidise the cost and that's a saving. Superb doorman and so helpful carried my bag to the car for me .thank you.,Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
1132,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1130-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Don't bother with a club room - lounge is a joke,Picked this hotel for the location and it is it's only standout feature. The club room is a bit of a joke. Couldn't see any benefit from upgrading. The 'lounge' is pokey and the breakfast was one of the worst I've seen. Service was mixed. SPG you can do better. Thank goodness most of my travel is in Asia.,Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
1133,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1130-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Perfect business hotel,"This was a surprise. I'd read a few reviews and was not expecting much. But my boss was staying here so I had too.   What a pleasant surprise. I was greeted warmly. Check in was efficient and quick. The staff was so nice.   The hotel itself is what I call classic but I like these types as the rooms tend to be a bit bigger. My room was a Club Room and it was awesome. Nice and big. The bathroom was clean and had the towel warmer feature I do love. The tub was a also nice. The shower head was the only thing that I wished was a bit better but it's a personal viewpoint and not an issue.   The bed was comfortable and the pillows were so delish. The best and fluffiest. They made for a nice sleep, the little bit I got due to work.   I didn't try the breakfast but assume it was good.   I…",Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
1134,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1130-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Disappointing staff but good product,"So I've stayed at this property a total of 3 times in the last 7 months and return only because it's location is great and more peaceful than the W. Every time I stayed at this property, the rooms/suites were great and well maintained. There's a charm to this hotel.  Unfortunately, the Front Office (sometimes) and Club Lounge staff (always) left a sour taste in my mouth because they have no relationship skills and do not really know how to communicate with customers (Lounge staff only). The front office staff are ok most of the time and upon check in usually pleasant except the fact that they never know who you are and never welcome you back as they assume everyone is a new guest. This is probably the only SPG hotel that I frequent who has never welcomed me back. Although minor,…",Date of stay: March 2015,3.0
1135,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1135-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Handy for Most Attractions,"The location is excellent as most of the popular tourist places are within walking distance and if you want a little further out then the tube station is only 80m away. We had a room on the 9th floor at the front of the hotel and this gave fantastic views over London, on a clear day! The staff were friendly and very helpful especially at the front desk and in the club lounge, these were the only places visited within the hotel but I would imagine it would be the same elsewhere.",Date of stay: May 2015,5.0
1136,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1135-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great Location but Dated Hotel,"If you are looking for an excellent location then this place serves that purpose, if you are looking for luxury then keep looking. You wouldn't do yourself an injustice staying here, its ok.... but this is not a 5 star hotel.  My room was tiny and very dated. The furniture was old, the design was old and the bathroom was more of a very old and worn ensuite. It was clean and tidy and the bed was very comfortable.  We ordered 2 soft drinks (a coke and an OJ) from the bar when we arrived and was presented with a bill of a few pennies short of £10.... that's crazy. How can justify charging those prices?   Ana who check us in and checked us out was lovely, very polite.",Date of stay: May 2015,3.0
1137,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1135-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great location,"As others have said, the location is excellent, very central.  Our room was on the second floor and was good.  The main public areas of the hotel are also good, but it does ""feel"" corporate.  I prefer smaller, more individual hotels.  We only stayed for one night, but I wouldn't rush back especially as the breakfast was really poor.  If you do stay here, just opt for room only and go out for breakfast into one of the many cafes nearby.",Date of stay: May 2015,3.0
1138,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1135-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",excellent location; certains rooms are excellent,"I have stead there for a few days several times between 1 and 3 nights in various rooms.  Location - Excellent, close to Piccadilly Circus. Easily accessible by subway or buses (Piccadilly stops). The are area is full of restaurants, shops, some museums, parks, theaters. It is a great location.  Room - I have stayed in several rooms. The best one was room 439, I think, in a corner in the back. Because of its position, it is very spacious with high ceiling and a little mezzanine. It is also not noisy at all.  Service - Everybody was friendly and efficient.  Food - Breakfast and dinners in the lounge are fine. The cafe in the basement is more traditional and not exceptional.  Price - This is an expensive hotel in London, but the price is justified.  Design - Classical.",Date of stay: February 2015,4.0
1139,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1135-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great hotel in best location!,"Hotel is located right at the beginning of major tourist hang out area, starting on Piccadilly and extending to Leichester square and Covent Garden. Hotel is well maintained, has trendy upscale feel. Service was prompt and polite. Upon check in we were upgraded to a larger room on SPG floor. The room was large, spacious, with room for sit down area (table and 2 chairs) as well as another sit down area with desk and chair. Bathroom was clean, had only one sink. Everything worked in the room. Only the floor was squeaky in some areas. The room faced Piccadilly st - while the street was noisy, there was a set of glass screen installed behind the windows to keep noise away. This glass screen created a sort of double pane windows, so the room was actually quiet at night time. The…",Date of stay: May 2015,5.0
1140,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1140-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great location,"Average five star hotel in the centre of London. Pretty much on a par with the Park Lane Sheraton up the road where I have stayed many times. Could both do with a bit of tender loving care. At the right price, worth considering for the location alone.",Date of stay: April 2015,3.0
1141,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1140-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Good Location with Some Issues,In advance I knew that I was getting a suite at this hotel. This mattered to me as their standard rooms are very small. I came to the hotel early (the day of check in) to drop off a bag as I was switching hotels. I did all the paperwork in the AM in case my wife wanted to check in ahead of me later in the day. As it turned out I met her at the airport and we both got to the hotel near 5PM. While I was in London already my wife came in after a long flight. At that point you dont want to hear what problems the hotel might have at a 5PM check in. The front desk clerk told me that he was sorry but our room was not available. That was not acceptable to me. The reason for this is that there was a conference in the hotel and the hotel was focused on them not me (a Platinum) customer.…,Date of stay: May 2015,3.0
1142,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1140-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",good location,Staff was very helpful. Location of hotel is excellent. Room spacious but very small closet and almost no drawers. Bathroom also small. Health club very nice. Advertiser free internet but very limited. ,Date of stay: May 2015,3.0
1143,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1140-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Anniversary celebrations,We stayed here to celebrate are 7th wedding anniversary.  We had an amazing time and couldn't fault anything.  The staff were so very friendly and ever so helpful. They went out of there way to make our stay special leaving champagne in our room on arrival and leaving rose petals and chocolates in our room for us to         find after are trip to the theatre.  Breakfast the next morning was delicious catering for everyone.  I would definitely return to Le Meridien and also recommend it to family and friends. Thank you,Date of stay: May 2015,5.0
1144,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1140-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",great location,"good service but the hotel doesn't look like 5 stars.... bacis facilities in room. nothing special. normally i expect more from this kind of hotels. very expensive for that offer. the location is excelente just in the center of Piccadilly, you have everything near the hotel",Date of stay: May 2015,3.0
1145,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1145-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great location and great staff...,"Booked this hotel for wedding anniversary and mainly because of its location...which is perfect if you are visiting the West End.  Although I booked and paid for it on lastminute.com when I arrived they had allocated us a twin room...it was our wedding anniversary so not ideal!  The girl on the front desk went out of her way to find us another room.  Although it was small, it was perfectly formed and really beautifully decorated.  Having told her it was our anniversary, we were delighted to find a bottle of champagne (not Prosecco!) and handmade chocolates in our room when we returned from shopping.  What a great,  individual touch!  Would definitely recommend.  It's also got a pool which in central London is a huge bonus!",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
1146,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1145-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",great location in the Village,Was recommended this hotel by a friend because of it's wonderful location and it did not disappoint. easy to get to major sites by either walking or taking the tube. We were able to walk to several great restaurants for dinner each night and breakfast places in the morning.,Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
1147,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1145-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Major disappointment,"Stayed here on numerous occasions with total satisfaction but this trip was just awful. This hotel is in an excellent location but unfortunately that is all that can be said until the owners make a substantial investment in refurbishment. This trip unlike previous was to celebrate a special occasion which turned out to be quite a disaster. Rooms were awful and we were escorted to Piccadilly one evening through reception by a ... which scurried across Piccadilly towards Waterstones and was witnessed by a number of people. When reported to the staff twice, once on the way out and again on our return they were not at all interested nor were they surprised and despite my request to have the cctv footage reviewed my concerns were completely ignored.",Date of stay: April 2015,2.0
1148,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1145-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",A good hotel but not 5*,"As always with my reviews, straight to the nitty griity..... The Good: 1. LOCATION: Great location.  1 minute walk from Piccadilly Circus, opposite Green Park and Regent Street is behind the hotel whilst New Bond Street is a minutes walk.  If your a tourist, the location doesn't get much better. 2. STAFF: Couldn't fault them.  All very friendly and welcoming. 3. CLEANLINESS: Found no fault with the cleanliness. 4. BED: Extremely comfy and a very good nights sleep was had. 5. ABOVE & BEYOND:  We had our 6 month old son with us and requested a crib at the time of booking.  When we got to our room a crib had already been delivered to the room. 6. NOISE: Not an issue, apart from in the morning when a couple of police car sirens woke me up, but you are in central London so this has…",Date of stay: May 2015,3.0
1149,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1145-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Shopping day and night away,"This hotel is in a perfect situation very close to all shops   The rooms were very clean not a problem there, only problem is , don't have cocktails they are approx £17.00 for a mohito !!!  We left our luggage the next day free of charge for the whole day very acceptable",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
1150,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1150-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Dreadful - approach to a problems appalling,"Twin room booked with 3rd party but when arrived only king size bed available suggested we share!! Was surprised when turned down the offer of a small, fold up 'Z' bed as a second bed.  If we had wanted to share we would have booked a double. We ended up having to share (had to stack pillows between us as one of the party was recovering from surgery and there was a risk of being knocked by second person in the bed!!!!  Was also surprised when I wanted to talk to a manager about it who was also ineffectual and couldnt see the problem about sharing or the Z bed. The 2nd day we were moved to a suite but still only one bed and a sofa bed.  Asked for it to be made up, it wasnt, so asked again then only turned out to be a single, on a slant and not comfortable.  The last night after…",Date of stay: April 2015,2.0
1151,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1150-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Unbeatable Location,"Stayed at this hotel last weekend with my sister and really enjoyed it.  The hotel is lovely and the staff really friendly.  Yes, as other travellers have commented the interior walls are quite thin and we could hear noise of people leaving their rooms, but no worse than anywhere else we've stayed.  The room with immaculate, with twin beds and a lovely big bathroom.  In terms of location the hotel is unbeatable, only a couple of minutes walk from Picadilly.  Would definitely",Date of stay: May 2015,5.0
1152,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1150-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great Central Location,"This hotel is very close to Piccadilly Circus, and was a short walk from the tube stop.  The hotel is very nice and the staff was very friendly.  The layout of the hotel is a bit strange when you're walking in your room in that there are turns and a few steps, so travelers with roller luggage may have a difficult time navigating.  The room itself was very comfortable, albeit small.  And our room had a wonderful view of the building next to us.  We had access to the lounge floor, which was nice to stop and have snack or drink throughout the day.",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
1153,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1150-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Terrifying. Never Going Back, Ever.","This hotel fails on every level. The rooms stink like cigaret odor, the sinks are clogged, the linen are full of allergens, their heaters don't work, the managers are untruthful and unhelpful. Basically, everything that could've been wrong, was wrong here.  We reserved two rooms here for 5 nights, and this short stay took a great toll. We spent hours waiting for them to ""fix"" their heater, which they never succeeded at. Waited hours for extra blankets, which finally came crumpled!! and without sheets. Even in a youth hostel, they fold your blanket before giving it to you. We had to call more than ten times to complain about the cold. Only on the last night, we were given portable heaters. We spent hours on the phone to get a hold of the manager. Finally I went to the reception…",Date of stay: April 2015,1.0
1154,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1150-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Fantastic, central location","Stayed here last weekend for an anniversary weekend away with my husband.  Lovely hotel with a fantastic scent as you walk in to reception (reminds me of Hollister stores!). Queued to check-in for a few minutes and were then immediately ushered around the corner to the priority guest area where a very helpful man checked us in. He saw on our notes that it was a special occasion and immediately upgraded us to a deluxe room on the 8th floor.  Room lovely with views over the rooftops of London - even saw the BT tower with 'It's a girl' in pink rotating around it to celebrate the birth of the new princess!  Room was a touch on the small size but a very big, comfy bed. Bathroom ok with big walk-in shower (no bath)  - decor a little dated but ok and the side jets were a nice treat. …",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
1155,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1155-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",In the heart of London.....,"and next to Piccadilly Circus. In walking distance to the Main attractions from London. The staff at the Hotel is very friendly and the Concierges are ""top""! The Hotel should have a Doorman outside. Inside are few helpful hands, but if you arrive at the Hotel there is nobody to open the heavy door and helps you with the luggage. I overheard few complaints. We had a upgrade to a Suite and because of our Platinum Status access to the Lounge. The Lounge is not what you expect from a Five Star Hotel. The view is overlooking the Lobby. No atmosphere. The service is good and drinks all day. The breakfast is very basic.  The Terrace Restaurant for Dinner is excellent. We had steaks and lamb chops. The lamb chops are from Ireland and I haven't had such good lamb chops for a  long time.…",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
1156,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1155-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Stay on Picadilly Street,"Stayed at this hotel with some friends a week back for 4 nights.  It is a nice hotel and the staff were very friendly and helpful.  This is an old building, both inside and outside. So there are a few negatives that come as a result of that. The rooms are the smallest I have been to in any 5 star hotel in years. They are also very poorly insulated for sound. I could hear my neighbouring rooms using the bathroom or talking on the phone quite clearly. The beds were amazing though! I would suggest that the tables within the rooms be changed. They look really old and do not compliment the new bed bases at all. The mini bar selection was also highly limited, but this was also due to limited space in the room.  The amenities are also really old and small. No parking facilities for…",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
1157,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1155-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",A room with no windows ,"Make sure you ask for a room with a window, otherwise you will have a lovely view of the breakfast area. Mediocre hotel,  not worth the money. It's one saving grace is location but other than that not a great experience. ",Date of stay: May 2015,1.0
1158,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1155-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Good location, and friendly service.","Le Meridien is located in central London, its near to both the Green Park and Piccadilly tube stations. Its near to China Town and the cinemas. Le Meridien does not have its own parking spaces, so this was one of the down sides, as it was another £60 - £80 to park at the NCP nearby, bear this in mind if you are driving here. The rooms were what you would expect from a well branded hotel, but not all rooms are on the same level as the lift access.  Every floor has 2 levels. So if you have children on strollers, or needing wheel chair access you need to ensure you get a room on the same level as the lifts.",Date of stay: April 2015,3.0
1159,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1155-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Sadly disappointing,"I was really rather looking forward to staying here. It had been booked by my Office and was way above my usual allowance but candidly nothing justified the ludicrous price tag. There are much, much better, friendlier and more impressive hotels than this and unless you enjoy paying a premium for mediocre I suggest you might like to try elsewhere. Oh and thanks for the twin room, As a six foot plus single traveller an effective single bed is a joke is bad taste.",Date of stay: April 2015,2.0
1160,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1160-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Location makes this hotel,"I think the title says it all, the actual location in Piccadilly so close to the tube, Soho and part of the theater district. However, a little bit of a let down on the service and rooms. Yes, we did arrive early but my status with SPG should have erased any problem. The supposed upgrade to a suite consisted of a double bed in a very dingy room. After a consultation with the front desk we did change rooms. In the past, with any of the SPG family of hotels,  we have always enjoyed the nightly turn down service not available here. In fact no room service was provided on our first day. Now if one is made fully aware of the so called Green Movement that they have it might make more sense, we have encountered this before on our travels. However, when one has to hail a maid, a very…",Date of stay: April 2015,4.0
1161,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1160-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Afternoon lukewarm tea and dried up sandwiches,"What a disappointment! Met up with an old friend for tea and a visit to The National Gallery. The restaurant was quiet (we now know why) and no sign of a tablecloth or flowers which is traditional for the occasion. The tea arrived in glass teapots and was tepid, the sandwiches were dry and very mean fillings, quite how the waitress mistook curried egg for avocado I can not explain! The curry was too overpowering for tea. Very few staff so had to keep looking in order for them to change our plates. The pastries were acceptable apart from having to cut one of them in half as they hadn't provide one each. Scones must have been baked the day before as when my friend attempted to cut hers it flew across the table, very deftly caught though. Nothing like the tea at Harrods which I…",Date of stay: April 2015,2.0
1162,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1160-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent Hotel,"Fantastic location which cannot be beaten. This hotel is in my opinion is a very good 4* plus. I do genuinely believe its not 5* as the rooms although spacious and clean are not luxurious enough to qualify a 5* rating. The bathroom was well equipped but small. Don't get me wrong this is a fantastic hotel, Reception/Bar staff are very attentive and friendly although the Porters (plenty of them) seem to just stand around the hotel entrance which can be a bit intimidating ( I thought initially they might be security) They are not particularly friendly and not once did  I see them open a door or be helpful (maybe they are security) anyway thats my only real negative comment. Drinks in the bar may seem expensive but are of a high quality and worth the treat. This is a fantastic…",Date of stay: April 2015,4.0
1163,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1160-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",The best location ,"Absolutely the best place to stay if you love shopping. Very close to Regent Street, underground station and so many lovely restaurants, pubs and cafes.   Style of the room quite lovely. Spacious.   I didnt try their breakfast as it was about 28 pounds and I found nice cafes around the hotel to have breakfast more affordably.   Quiet and there was no noise despite the central location.",Date of stay: April 2015,4.0
1164,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1160-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely room and food,"We stopped here Friday to Sunday for a theatre break. The room was nice, with tea, coffee and water provided plus a mini bar. The hotel was very busy over that particular weekend with chinese visitors which made breakfast soooo busy it was unbearable the first day and a lot of the food was cold due to the heaters being continuously left open. This was not the fault of the hotel so it hasn't affected my grading. The next day we went down an hour earlier (7:30am) and it was much quitter, food hot, plenty of fruit left, still a lot of strange things for breakfast though like curry, rice, noodles, wampum. We had English and pastries which were all fine. Very good location for Piccadilly Circus, theatres and underground. The staff were very helpful. We had a meal in the Terrace Bar…",Date of stay: April 2015,4.0
1165,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1165-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Excellent location, helpful, friendly staff","We arrived late afternoon and check in was quick, easy and staff were helpful and friendly. Being SPG members, we were immediately offered a late check-out which was very welcome. The room was comfortable with everything one could possibly need. The location was simply amazing: we were able to walk to most of the places we wanted to see and to the theatre for a Friday night show. We had a fabulous weekend and would definitely stay again.",Date of stay: April 2015,5.0
1166,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1165-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent location,"The location is second to none just steps away from Piccadilly Circus.  Walking distance to Buckingham Palace, Whitehall, Piccadilly theatres, etc.    The room was lovely and everything was of the quality you would expect from a hotel such as this.  Though less expensive than other hotels in the surrounding areas this is still not for the budget traveler.  I was in a club room and don't feel the upgrade was worth it.  An extra £40/ni for a ""club room"" which simply gives one access to breakfast and the club lounge.  Breakfast was relatively minimal and the coffee/espresso was, disappointingly, only available from a machine.    As this was a working trip as well as holiday I appreciated that the wired internet connection was relatively fast for a hotel connection.    Of course the…",Date of stay: April 2015,4.0
1167,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1165-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Amazing hotel,"It's unfortunate that there seem to have been a few bad experiences here.  We had a great time in the hotel. Lovely room, extremely comfy bed and great room service.  The breakfast was more than excellent, so much choice and great staff.  The hotel even looked after our bags after we had checked out whilst we went site seeing.   They couldn't have done more to make us feel more welcome.",Date of stay: March 2015,5.0
1168,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1165-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Won't accommodate family emergency.,"I didn't even get a chance to visit due to a family emergency, but the hotel insisted on charging me the full stay rate even though I cancelled over a week in advance. Definitely avoid if you think your plans might change.",Date of stay: April 2015,1.0
1169,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1165-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Wonderful Location and tremendous experience,"As a SPG member, I will recommend this hotel to SPG member.  Although the room in Le Meridien isn't big, the view and location is the best.   You can walk to Fortnum & Mason(Wonderful tea store), Leicester Square, Regent Street etc.   On April 1, the plane I took was delayed to London Heathrow. There is a little bit late when I arrived to hotel, but the staffs in the hotel are really nice, helping me to take my bag and taking us to our room.  Next day, I checked out and changed to W Leicester, that is a another store and a terrible experience.",Date of stay: April 2015,5.0
1170,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1170-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Fantastic Stay,"Hotel is top notch in service and style.  A great location, superb consierge service and beautiful rooms.  Hotel and lobby bars pour a stiff drink and hotel restaurant selections are varied, tasty and healthy. Recommend 100%",Date of stay: April 2015,5.0
1171,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1170-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Staff and Managers spot on,"I can't say enough good things about this hotel. You looking for five star experience with friendly staff this is the place to head too. From the moment you arrive to the moment you leave the staff are so very friendly and smiles all round.  I chated to one of the staff members for about 15min talking about art in the area. I'm no art expert but the staff at Le Meridien now there stuff. The food was good and the room service is quick, i have to say very quick in my books. Location is just amazing and there is a tube very close by which is perfect. Next time i'm in London i'm so heading back! JUST A SPECIAL STAY!",Date of stay: January 2015,5.0
1172,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1170-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Marta is the best!,"Came to London for our five year anniversary, and stayed 4 nights at Le Meridien Piccadilly. Upon arrival, we mentioned to Marta (who checked us in) that we were celebrating our 5-year anniversary. She immediately upgraded us to a Deluxe room. When we got to the room later that day after sightseeing, we got a surprise: a bottle of Champaign and some chocolates!   In addition to the great service, it is centrally located- easy to walk to things like Westminster Abbey, and less than a block from the Tube. Would definitely recommend to anyone to stay here. ",Date of stay: April 2015,5.0
1173,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1170-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely but lacking...,"This hotel is a conundrum. It's huge and opulent on the outside yet rather ordinary and inelegant inside. I had a dinner meeting at the Wolseley just up the street so it made sense to book Le Meridien. As ever, the Wolseley was wonderful... I just wish I could say the same for the hotel. Lets start with the good points: it central (if you like being in tourist hell), the staff are friendly, the rooms are well appointed, the beds are very comfy and the reception has a delicious, welcoming aroma - which put me in mind of the sumptuous London hotel in West Hollywood. There's also an enormous (for central London) swimming pool - which is a mixed blessing as it's divine to swim in but covered by a ceiling of slowly moulding office tiles (eek!). As for the ""bad"" points, well they're…",Date of stay: April 2015,4.0
1174,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1170-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Amazing Staff - Worst Club Lounge Experience (hopefully a one-off),"I simply can't say enough fantastic things about the  staff at this hotel.  They are truly an amazing staff team. It is obvious that they like their jobs and are proud of their hotel.  They truly seem to care about their guests.     At check-in, I was warmly welcomed by the staff member as a guest, and not just another room number.  By that, I mean he took the time to look up from his computer and look his new guest in the eye and say ""welcome"" and ""we're glad you're staying with us.""  He wasn't content to trust his computer to get things right.  He ""went the extra mile"" for an upgrade:  ""We have your room keys ready for you, but before I give them to you,  I see you're an SPG Platinum, so whilst the system has upgraded you, if you don't mind waiting a moment, I would like to…",Date of stay: April 2015,3.0
1175,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1175-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely hotel in central London,"We stayed in this Hotel for the Easter weekend. The hotel itself is beautiful and perfectly placed for visiting central London. We walked to it from Victoria Station after arriving from Newquay on the Flybe flights. It took around 25 mins to stroll to the hotel via Green Park. On the way home we used an Uber taxi which took about 15 mins and cost £10.  The bar/lounge downstairs does lovely cocktails and drinks, and is very relaxing place to spend a couple hours. With all the bar tenders looking after you and mixing the drink of your choice.  We couldn't fault the rooms we stayed on floor 8 and found the room clean and very comfortable and quiet. There was plenty of hot water and good shower pressure. There is a mini-bar in the room and room service available. There was a USB 2…",Date of stay: April 2015,5.0
1176,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1175-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Good customer service,"We booked for 3 nights having stayed here previously, location is perfect for access to central London and 50 yards from the Underground, breakfast is probably one of the best in London. Wifi is also free. On this stay however the bathroom was horrible, the bath was stained yellow, had large sections of missing enamel that were painted white, and mildew around the edge. We asked to see a manager (Caterina?) who moved us to one of their 15 newly refurbished rooms and offered us free breakfast. She was extremely efficient in the way she took charge of the situation. The new bedrooms are amazing and modern without taking away the historical feel of the hotel. The hotel staff were all extremely polite including receptionists and the doormen. When we checked out another manager came…",Date of stay: March 2015,4.0
1177,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1175-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",My New Go-To Hotel for London,"Le Méridien Piccadilly was one of the surprise gems I have found in London. On past trips to London, I have stayed at other SPG properties and I have had a mixed experience with service. Le Méridien Piccadilly is the one that stands out the most and I will definitely come back to over and over again.  I wanted to find an SPG hotel that was right in the middle of the city and I found that with Le Méridien Piccadilly. I had stayed at The W London on a previous visit but it was located too much in the middle of a crazy nightlife scene. Le Méridien Piccadilly was different. While off Piccadilly Circus, the hotel was relaxing and a nice refuge from the chaos. My room was a Classic King room and the extra space I had with a sofa and chair were perfect for sitting back and relaxing…",Date of stay: March 2015,5.0
1178,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1175-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Pre-paid gem!,"This is an excellent hotel, in a wonderful central location....thankfully a half-block away from the madness of Picadilly Circus and Leicester Square.  The hotel is an oasis....  I'm not sure the value of this hotel would have been so positive for us if I hadn't pre-paid the reservation.  Rooms are expensive in central London.  And this hotel is expensive.  But I pre-paid the reservation about two weeks prior to going, and saved nearly 30% off the regular rate.  Then it became a great value!",Date of stay: March 2015,5.0
1179,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1175-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Very good but not quite five stars,Booked for a long weekend through lastminute.com secret hotels so got a pretty good rate and having seen some of the poorer reviews on this site I did not have great expectations.  However overall we were very pleased with our stay.  The room didn't have any kind of a view (unless you count a blank wall) but we knew we didn't intend to spend much time in there so didn't ask for a better one.  It was clean and apart from a mix up over provision of bath robes there were no problems.  A small issue with room service breakfast was quickly sorted out.  Needless to say the location is great for all the obvious things you might want to do/see. Only ate breakfast in the hotel and it was OK but not the best.  Overall therefore four stars as there were some niggles and areas where things…,Date of stay: March 2015,4.0
1180,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1180-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Unbeatable location and a great comfortable hotel!!,We stayed for 5 nights at the Le Meridien Piccadilly recently during our vacation in London. We requested for an early check in and this was happily accommodated. Lovely welcoming staff at the reception and we found both check in and check out hassle free and quick. The location is unbeatable for walking everywhere in Central London and we also had great access to buses and the tube. Our room was fully equipped and we also loved the turn down service every night. We were staying on the 4th floor which had a great view of Regent Street. Will strongly recommend the hotel as our experience was perfect in every way especially for relaxing walks to Oxford Street or the heart of West End. Room had a very comfortable double bed with tea and coffee making facilities and house keeping…,Date of stay: March 2015,5.0
1181,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1180-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great location!!!!,"The hotel is in a great location. We were there for Christmas and New Year. The rooms are small, but clean and warm during the winter. Warning they did not have cable, so no E or A & E. We we're surprise since we paid lots of money a night. The only thing we did not like was while checking in we were told our card was declined, but we had paid on Expedia and was processed.  Eventually they called Expedia and everything was cleared, but they should communicate with sub companies before telling guest their card was declined. Lastly, the concierge were not helpful at all. They kind of had an attitude but the door men were great and helpful, so ask them for help. We tried having breakfast but It was not worth it. We wanted to order from the menu but they only had buffet, so why do…",Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
1182,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1180-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Fantastic location. Very average service.,"The location of this hotel is fantastic. Close to shopping, 20 min walk from Buckingham Palace, right in the heart of it all in London. Being a starwood platinum member and having stayed in Starwood properties 50+ nights a year for the past 8-9 years I was quite disapointed with the level  of service. Check in was great, but I had the platinum concierge, however the rest of the staff just seemed not to care, from my other interactions with the front desk to the front door to the staff you would pass in the halls. Club lounge was also quite disapointing. I stayed in four hotels on this trip alone, but this hotel was the most disapointing. But it is a fantastic location.",Date of stay: March 2015,3.0
1183,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1180-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",A recommended hotel for its outstanding position,"With central London hotels, it is hard to get the wow factor inside and out. Le Meridien Piccadilly, give you the Location, Location, Location, just a short walk to my favorite London store .Fortnum and Mason. I arrived very early from my night flight from Nairobi, and after a short wait the reception team was able to assign me a room.  They were very attentive and helpful- just what you would expect from a 5 star hotel of this standing.  The room size and amenities were as expected. I had trouble with my A/C which they did not fix during my stay, but with a window that opened I was able to fix this myself.  All in all, if you want to stay in central London for a night or two, a recommended hotel for its outstanding position in London.",Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
1184,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1180-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Nothing really want to complain,"Location is good- walking distance to Piccadilly, China town; bus 94 to oxford circus, Selfridges. The rooms are quite nice and cosy, decorations are rather contemporary. The breakfast is good- everyday I have a lot of smoke salmon!",Date of stay: April 2014,4.0
1185,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1185-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Great Location, a bit short on service","Hotel was used because of its convenience for a meeting in St. James.  Room OK, although I did ask for a large bed and got two singles.   No opening windows as it looked over the terrace restaurant, but aircon was not too noisy.   Disappointed with Breakfast, for the price paid it was not good at all.   Scrambled eggs on the buffet were hot and tasty, but bacon, sausages and hash browns all very cool, jams and marmalades (or ""Orange Jam"" as they call it) were just very runny, and no receptacles around to put them in  - worst of all though was the cutlery!!   Impossible to handle if you are anything in the way of arthritic in the hands, as there is just no grip with knife or fork - cereal spoon was just very, very uncomfortable in the mouth - do the staff that buy these…",Date of stay: March 2015,3.0
1186,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1185-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Location but not much else,"This is a classic case of a hotel knowing its in a great location and therefore relying on that and utterly ignoring anything remotely resembling customer service. We arrived late and they had trouble locating our booking. Then then put us in the wrong rooms. No word of an apology, just a stroppy receptionist. We had 2 kids in our party so that made for a very stressful few hours but no one seemed to care. The club lounge breakfast service is quite something - dirty tables, no hot drinks, no cutlery, very limited food, no staff to be seen. All in all a very very poor experience. We ended up going to the extremely nice coffee place just a few doors down. Bathrooms are basic and not that clean. Air conditioning hit and miss. Towels and toiletries poor. The lovely guy who delivered…",Date of stay: March 2015,1.0
1187,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1185-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",The worst hotel ever,"I am gold SPG member, I haven't had my upgrade, they said the hotel is full and that a lies, But the worst thing is that I was hitting in my head and I wasn't able to do a check out as I was in hospital. The hospital called the hotel to get my luggage back but they kept it. They also Handeled my laptop to the police without my permission, which is so bad as it interfere with my privacy. As SPG member they have my credit card in my account and there is no reason to keep my luggage or handle my laptop to the police. So this hotel is the worse of the worst. London is full of hotels and it is good advice to stay away from this hotel",Date of stay: February 2015,1.0
1188,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1185-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Small room over looking the restaurant.,"Didn't have a great experience with this hotel, we booked late so this may be the reason we had a poor room, but it was definitely not the room of a 5* hotel. It was overlooking the restaurant, which meant we couldn't have natural light in the room without opening our curtains to the diners in the restaurant. The room was tiny and had twin beds despite us requesting a double. Again this is probably because we booked at the last minute. The pool facilities were excellent, although the jacuzzi was out of order when we went.",Date of stay: July 2014,2.0
1189,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1185-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Needs a refurb !, but can't beat the location !","You know it's hard to judge. The rooms are small and need a refurb, but they have everything you would want  . location is unbeatable and service was generally good. Checking out in the morning was slow and cumbersome , so more staff please ! Breakfast hall and buffet is of a good standard and has a great choice. No fresh air in the rooms and a bit dark. All in all it works but don't expect luxury",Date of stay: March 2015,3.0
1190,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1190-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Love the location and staff,"The location is great, close to bus stop and underground. But if you carrying big luggage (like me), I recommend taking Taxi or Uber instead of underground. Staff are super nice and friendly, the room is cute and cozy. But I am wondering why there are some stairs (about 5 steps) in the hall way which is a little bit hard for me traveling with large and heavy luggage. I will stay here again in the future for sure if the price is OK.",Date of stay: February 2015,4.0
1191,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1190-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Poor and old rooms,"Hotel is centrally located and the public facilities are nice and modern. However, the rooms were really disappointing and old. I learned that you have to ask for the first floor - there the rooms are apparently renovated. Was not my most favourite SPG hoel.",Date of stay: February 2015,3.0
1192,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1190-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Dissapointing quality, few issues and needs refurbishment","Had read some mixed reviews for this hotel, but the photos from fellow travelers did not look to promising, and my suspicions were true, unfortunately. This is an old hotel that needs a refurbishment, and in my view is not ok to be a Meridien hotel.  The location is perfect, could hardly not be better. Right in the middle of the city, close to the Underground. A taxi from Paddington is approx £12.  Lobby is very nice and staff is very friendly. I had requested an early check-in, was done, so that was very good, and I requested a room high up with a view of any street (to not face a building and not be able to have curtains open). I got an old room (#637, see photos) with twin beds, so that was wrong. I went down and spoke to the staff that had requested a queen or king bed, and…",Date of stay: March 2015,3.0
1193,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1190-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Great family room, 1 Star for Shower Pressure","The Family room on the top floor was wonderful, one of the largest rooms i've seen in a London hotel, wirth spectacular views south toward Westminster. The bathroom, however was more suited to a hostel on the Cromwell Road. Secondary double glazing that had seen much better days, in fact you could see the net curtain fluttering in the wintery breeze. The real let down was the shower, barely enough water pressure to fill a tooth mug. Remenisent of those early Mira electric showers. If you need a decent shower, use the Spa in the health club.",Date of stay: February 2015,3.0
1194,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1190-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Hope you don't have a flight delay or cancellation....,"My wife and I were traveling to London for a short weekend getaway. We were using SPG points for the hotel stay and were excited to come back to Le Meridien Piccadilly where we had spent part of our honeymoon. However, our flight was delayed by 8 hours, which meant that we couldn't use the first night of our stay.   When I called the hotel to explain what happened and (hopefully) cancel the first night, I was simply informed that I had missed the window for cancellation and I would have to pay 20,000 points for a night I cannot use. When I tried to cancel the entire stay, I was informed that it was too late for that as well. I would be out 60,000 points (that took me 50+ SPG stays to earn). The hotel manager (her name is Sari) was extremely uncooperative and made it clear that…",Date of stay: February 2015,1.0
1195,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1195-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Good location,"This hotel is very easy to get to from the airport using the tube.  No change in trains required and many travelers with suitcases.  However, the picadilly circus station is not  handicap accessible so travelers must be able to climb two flights of stairs carrying bags.     From the hotel, many attractions are within walking distance and if transportation is required, both bus and tube stations are right around the corner.  Advise tube travel over the bus weekdays to avoid traffic.  At night and weekends buses were a great way to get around.  The Oyster card made travel easy.    Hotel rooms were bigger then expected.  Beds very comfortable.  Shower was great.  Rooms clean.  Staff very nice.",Date of stay: February 2015,4.0
1196,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1195-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great Location,"If you are touring this is a very convenient hotel to stay it.   1) Location - cab fare in London is insane ( the cab to this airport is around 80 pounds!). However, if you land in Heathrow you can catch the Picaddilly line for I think 5 pounds. It takes awhile (45-50 min) but it is a straight shot with no transfers. Once you reach Picaddilly Circle you exit the Underground and the hotel is 50 feet from the exit. Even if you are not an experienced subway person it is doable and cheap.  2) Tour Sites - this is super central. It is a 1 mile walk to Big Ben and an even closer walk to Buckingham Palace. The Hard Rock Cafe is also an easy walk. Finally, all the major hop on and hop off busses stop right by the hotel. You can easily see all of London with no car.  3) Food - around the…",Date of stay: February 2015,5.0
1197,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1195-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Very Good with Reservations,"This is a perfectly good hotel in a great location, right by Piccadilly Circus, and so convenient for the West End entertainment. I was a little disappointed with the room as it seemed tired and a bit dated. The hotel staff  were very friendly and helpful. All in all a good stay.",Date of stay: February 2015,4.0
1198,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1195-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great hotel for a family vacation,"We just returned from a week in London with our 2 teenage boys.  I was a bit nervous about the hotel because there were a lot of mixed reviews on Tripadvisor.  I have to say that the hotel was absolutely perfect for us, and the staff was welcoming and helpful.  We had two connecting rooms on the 5th floor.  Our room was very spacious with a king sized bed. The kids' room had 2 twin beds.  The bathrooms were clean with plenty of room. I called the hotel a week before our arrival to make sure we would have connecting rooms and they came through for us in every way.  This hotel is the best Starwood location in London as far as I'm concerned.  A block away from the Picadilly Circus tube stop, the property is on an elegant stretch of the road, across from Waterstones Books and a…",Date of stay: February 2015,5.0
1199,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1195-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Why would you stay anywhere else?,"Let me start by saying this is the best hotel to stay when you travel to London - the location is UNBEATABLE.   Travellers often complain about their stay; but should know better that nothing in life comes ready or easy. Knowing that I have specific requests for my stay, I reached out to the hotel and was personally taken care of by lovely Stephanie Truter at the front desk. As an SPG Gold member, I received the hospitality, attention and care that are true Starwood-quality. Stephanie made sure my requests were seen to and voila, when I arrived bright and early, she was even at the front desk to greet me and make sure my check-in was smooth. Stephanie and the team at Le Meridien Piccadilly honour SPG status, so I really appreciated their attention to that detail.   For the video…",Date of stay: February 2015,5.0
1200,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1200-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",More worried about profit than service,"I booked a groupon deal for my partners 50th for an afternoon buffet, it wasn't cheap. I then confirmed the date with the hotel and had it confirmed in writing. I then booked on refundable accommodation in London the night before and after. They then emailed me to say they now had a private booking that day so I can't go. Since then it's been a catalogue of them replying to my emails days later, then their final solution was to have me come back another time and stay in THEIR hotel for the most wonderful price of £299!!! It's only £279 on hotel.com. It's a real shame for a 5 star that this is how they treat customers, but of course I am small fry :(",Date of stay: February 2015,2.0
1201,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1200-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Great, luxury, awesome location.","Perfect location, and great team at the hotel.  I had incredible service, AND I booked at another SPG location that closed for a remodel and scooted me over here.  This group was lovely!  I had a really nice room on the 8th floor, with club access, and had a nearly perfect experience.  Location can't be beat, I walked nearly the whole of London, and didn't even mean to.  Piccadilly is so easy to get in and out of.  Awesome spot.",Date of stay: February 2015,5.0
1202,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1200-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, nice bar, lovely staff; shame about the food :(","I went for a drink & meal with my friends at the Terrace Bar & Grill last night. The Bar staff was very attentive and the cocktails great and although not busy, the ambience was very nice. Our waitress was lovely; I just wished this would have translated to the food. Being a vegetarian, I am probably more fussy than the average customer. The complimentary bread rolls were very rubbery (old?) but ok.The starter (goats cheese salad) inoffensive. The Piccadilly Vegetarian Burger however priced at £17) and described as ""spiced carrot, courgette, peas, sweet corn, auberge with salad, hand cut chips and salsa"" was a total disaster. The chips were very salty and soggy, like they have been sitting on a warming plate all afternoon. The burger, wrapped in paper, came as a simple bun with…",Date of stay: February 2015,3.0
1203,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1200-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Success of this hotel only because of its name...unfortunately,"We booked on-line, as location was important, name+Starwood member we thought 'can't go wrong'. Wrong. I was on crutches, filled out a handicap form, no place for signature. Lobby beautiful, we were looking forward to our 1-night stay. Room on 9th floor, 903 was not renovated. this room had paint peeling away from the air conditioners, heating hadn't been turned on in days, the rm was ice cold. In the bathroom it was also ice cold, tried to turn on heating towel rack. It didn't work . Unfortunately we had already unpacked and needed to prepare for an evening out, otherwise we would've insisted for another rm. We called services, they admittedly knew bath heating was not repairable, brought small electric heater. There were so-called renovated double-glazed windows unfortunately…",Date of stay: February 2015,2.0
1204,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1200-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Good business hotel,"The hotel is in a great business location. It is also within walking distance to Regent Street, Leicester Square, China Town etc which is very convenient. If you need to be near Oxford Street, Marble Arch etc., it is best you choose another hotel. The hotel itself looks renovated but if you look closer you can tell it is old and renovated only on the surface. The room was acceptable with good quality sleep but bathroom was old style. Breakfast was basic and breakfast area gives you the ""eat quickly and go"" feeling.",Date of stay: February 2015,3.0
1205,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1205-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",What is it to stay at this hotel? ," I spent 2 nights in business. This is what you can expect;  -Top location in the heart of the magnificent city of London. Close to everything and connected with the tube everywhere else you need to go. -The Hotel carries heritage and show charming classics architect. -I stayed in a renovated Club room with modern feeling and some touch from the Les Méridien image. Space and comfort were combined. -Service minded and happy staff.  -A notch bit expensive but if you are looking for convenience then it's worth. -Business friendly environment.  It may not be my first choice for the next visit but I can confirm you get value in this location.   Next time I stay in W Hotel where I expect a different Live, vibrant and yet relaxed style environment.",Date of stay: February 2015,4.0
1206,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1205-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Terrace Grill - Great Location but lacking service,"My wife and I had an early pre-theatre dinner in the Terrace Grill. It was not particularly busy and we were given a great seat by the window. The food was quite good and staff very pleasant, but unfortunately  not once did anyone pour our wine or ask if our meal was to our satisfaction. The only interaction was as the courses were presented, but always with a smile.  We finished our meal, waited more then 10 minutes for the bill and was not even asked if we might like coffee....  When the bill finally arrived I explained the above points to the very nice smiling lady who said she was sorry and promptly asked me to input my pin number. I pointed out she had not deleted the 'discretionary' service charge. This cause a slight stir, but she reluctantly deducted the sum.  The whole…",Date of stay: February 2015,3.0
1207,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1205-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Dissapointed,"Me and my partner booked to stay at the hotel on the 14th February however we were very disappointed in our stay.   Before even arriving at the hotel we rang ahead of our trip to find out about hotel parking and were advised that the hotel had parking, therefore we decided to drive to the hotel instead of getting a coach, however twenty minutes before we arrived we called again to check there were spaces to then be told there wasn't any parking just two spaces which were first come first serve and these were not available however there was a NCP car park near by which then cost us £50 which we had not budgeted for due to the incompetence of your staff.   We also booked the hotel due to the fact you had a health club and was looking forward to using the facilities however on…",Date of stay: February 2015,2.0
1208,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1205-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Perfect location,For the first time in London we stayed right in the middle of the city. The subway was right around the corner. The room was on the first floor and we were afraid it would be noisy but luckily it wasn't. The minus comes from unability to combine our two reservations as one which left us behind locked door in the middle of our stay. ,Date of stay: January 2015,4.0
1209,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1205-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Afternoon tea - terrace restaurant,"Needs improvement -  Food was 4 out of 5 - cakes were absolutely delicious but whole experience let down by service, the restaurant was empty but - 1 we had to pour our own tea 2 no water offered, had to ask twice before it arrived Luke-warm in glass 3 no extra plates/cutlery for scones & cakes 4 no extra tea or hot water offered 5 we were not asked if finished and did not request bill but were just given it! 6 I told restaurant it was my mums birthday but no extra special details   Kitchen let down by waiting staff, come on guys you can so better than this!? ",Date of stay: February 2015,3.0
1210,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1210-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Money down the drain,"After booking a 2 night stay at Le Meridien Piccadilly I requested through email a room with street view. Having received a soothing reply that my request is being handled I left it at that.  Upon arrival, I was shown a below ground floor (semi basement) room with small window looking at a brick wall right next to the kitchen exhaust. Oh well, I thought, dont be the complaining tourist, tough it up and enjoy the stay.  A little later I found out that to get the hot water running you had to leave it running for a good 20 mins (twenty minutes!!) otherwise you had to make do with lukewarm.  Cracked tiles, overwashed and tired towels and a bathtub (how 1950s) completed the bathroom picture.  Housekeeping showed up at 3 pm the next day. In her hurry to clean up she took my half…",Date of stay: February 2015,1.0
1211,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1210-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Fabulous hotel,"I had read som reviews which were not good, and I didn't have high expectations. However, from we entered the lobby untill the departure we enjoyed it tremendously. The concierge booked restaurants and answered questions. The hotel had the best breakfast ever tried in London. The bartender was awesome in making both non-alcoholic/alcoholic drinks. All the staff was very helpful and polite. The rooms were big and the bed was fabulous. The hotel is situated close to the famous Piccadilly which is in the center of the town. Le Meridien Piccadilly is from now on my favourite hotel.",Date of stay: January 2015,5.0
1212,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1210-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Brilliant stay,"What a brilliant stay we had with the Piccadilly last Friday for our 25th anniversary.  The room had been dressed beautifully, and the staff were so helpful to us whatever we needed.  The newly renovated room was modern, fresh and tasteful - we especially liked the reference to London present in much of the decoration.  Looking forward to returning soon.",Date of stay: January 2015,5.0
1213,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1210-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Bad Room, Bad Service, Not Worthy to Call a Five-Star","Just came back from a business trip, and the hotel didn't by a long shot meet the expectations one would expect a hotel in such a price class and five-star rating.  Four-star room standard, insufficient information in the room, bad shower with almost no water ray power, service doesn't answer the phone, floor is squeaky, room card stopped working three times (during a three night stay) – and my shirt came back from dry cleaning with no collar stay! (But I figured it out first when I was home in Norway …)  I'm definitely never going back to Le Meridien. I've been to four stars which have better standards than this so-called five-star, and this hotel is a disgrace to the five-star label.",Date of stay: January 2015,2.0
1214,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1210-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",great location.  tired rooms.,Great location.  Amazing club lounge.  Tired rooms.  bare minimum spg platinum (lifetime) appreciation.  Aloof staff.  Only a small portion of the hotel has been renovated.  getting an unrenovated room leads to an awful stay.  you don't look forward to returning to your room after a long day of meetings.  you look forward to going home asap.  I have stayed there at least 10 times.  been happy three times.  not returning.  Such a shame.  so much could be done with the location.,Date of stay: December 2014,3.0
1215,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1215-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Extravagance,"Stayed here as part of a show and stay deal with my wife.Arrived in London around 8 am and found the hotel easy.Went to reception and were told we could check in straight away as nobody had used the room which was so nice of the staff.The rooms were lovely and very clean,only let down slightly by the poor view of some flat rooftops( London for you).Location is fantastic and there is plenty of choice to eat nearby.The doorman recommended we eat at Rowleys 5 mins walk away and what an excellent choice.Full English breakfast in the hotel was £23 which I found shocking.As it was included in our deal we ate and it was very good with lots of choice and bacon cooked fresh as you wanted it.Great wifi too!",Date of stay: February 2014,4.0
1216,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1215-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Unbeatable location but the room was a disappointment.,"The location of Le Meridien Piccadilly is hard to beat - it's a stone's throw from Piccadilly Circus so is ideal for those looking for a central hotel close to the main shopping areas of Oxford Street etc and the West End. The hotel itself however was disappointing. The lobby area was nice enough but our room (343) was small and outdated. It smelt musty and could have done with a serious refresh. The staff however were very helpful, particularly the concierge. Great location but I would have expected more from a Starwood hotel.",Date of stay: January 2015,3.0
1217,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1215-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Very pleased,"We used Le Meridian hotel in conjunction with a theatre visit, we were very very pleased with most aspects of this hotel, I was quite surprised to read some of the previous comments, and our own experience differed from them. Firstly the staff were extremely polite and helpful, from checking in, just a few minutes, restaurant staff very good, you not with an empty cup or glass for very long, the doorman very polite and helpful in explaining where our theatre was, he was even going to walk with and show us. The beds were very comfortable, bathroom very clean, and we had no problems with hot water which was very hot and abundant. The reasons for not giving 5 stars were, as has been pointed out this hotel is quite old and looks a little dated in the rooms, although the rooms were…",Date of stay: January 2015,4.0
1218,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1215-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Poor 5*, great location.","My girlfriend and I stayed here as a last minute hotel to attend a concert. We got a good deal on the price but we are thoroughly disappointed at the lack of quality at this hotel.  The room was small and outdated with extremely creaky floors, bed was tiny (however very comfortable), wire hanging lose under the desk, and you are required to take the hairdryer and kettle to the one set of sockets to use them. Customer service was average at best, also not adequate for a modern day '5 star' hotel.  On the plus side the location is amazing.  We've stayed in MUCH higher quality 4 star hotels. If you are looking for luxury then I would suggest looking elsewhere.",Date of stay: January 2015,2.0
1219,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1215-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Perfect location,"This hotel is very conveniently located in London, near the tube station, buses and good restaurants. The cheaper rooms are a bit outdated and the amenities are also low there...however, the club rooms are very nice and give access to the lounge so definitely worth the extra money. The access to the swimming pool is also great, especially after a long day of meetings.",Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
1220,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1220-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Quiet amongst the hustle and bustle,"You can get no better hotel location in London than Piccadilly and this hotel is right in the thick of it. Within a minute of leaving your room, you can be at Piccadilly Circus and all it offers. The Regent St Shops, Soho, Oxford St, Trafalgar Square, the underground and the list goes on. Cafes and pubs and restaurants. But when enough is enough and the crowd and bustle gets too much, Le Meridien is a haven of quiet. Well appointed rooms, luxury linen and bedding, our bedroom had a view out onto Regent St, a large enough bathroom with the usual SPG toiletries. The hotel now offers a green choice of not having all linen changed every day, in return for bonus SPG points.  We did not eat in the hotel because of the myriad of food options within a few  minutes of the hotel. However…",Date of stay: January 2015,4.0
1221,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1220-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Like the Cherry to the Apple,"I stayed here for 2 weeks on holiday and came away with some good and bad.  The bad: it took about 10 minutes for the hot water in the shower to heat up.  Didn't matter what time of day, but could have something to with the location of the room.  The hotel promotes green living, but this is a daily huge waste of water.  The lounge breakfast is limited, but good hours and a very comfortable setting.  Rooms are on the smaller side and the hotel is an older building.   The good:  beds and linens are awesome. The entire staff was always friendly as helpful.  The location of the hotel is good or bad depending on what you're doing here.  If you're in town for a couple days in the city and want to be in the mix of the people and chaos this is your spot.  Easy to get everywhere from…",Date of stay: January 2015,3.0
1222,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1220-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great location,"Cant fault the location and the room was comfortable and clean...ideal for a shopping trip to the capitol.  Staff professional and facilities looked nice.  You are surrounded by an abudnance of shops, restaurants and nightlife. Would recommend and would return again if the price was right...",Date of stay: January 2015,4.0
1223,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1220-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Location - as good as it gets,"Stayed one night for a short weekend in London.  The hotel is perfect for all of the of London's West End attractions.  Fall out of the hotel and you are in Picadilly Circus.  All of the West End shows are within walking distance, there are more restaurants and bars than you can ever count or use and the up market shops of Regent Street are in your back garden.  Apart from the location the hotel is very good.  Nice friendly staff, good rooms and one of the best gym facilities in any central London hotel.  We used the pool which is ""real size"" not one of the mini pools that some locations boast. For an old hotel the rooms are fine - the bed was huge and would have done a U.S. hotel proud.  We opted for a room at the back of the hotel - no view but totally free from any noise.  …",Date of stay: January 2015,5.0
1224,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1220-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Good location, old hotel","As with many central London hotels, you're going to pay A LOT and get less in terms of facilities.  This Le Meridien has great staff and service.  On paper it appears fantastic, however, the building is old and the hotel's expansion means neighboring buildings have been cobbled together.  Rooms are strange shapes and less practical, definitely not modern.  I wouldn't even say classy.  Its like a luxury hotel chain trying to jam a square peg into old round hole building.    Saying that, you're right on Picadilly.  Good tube connections to Jubilee and the Picadilly lines.  Its a short walk north to Oxford St, SoHo etc.    If you're travelling on business it works well.  However, if you're paying that much money yourself for a vacation, then think twice.  There are better spec'd…",Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
1225,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1225-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Perfect for a city trip!  ,"Stayed at the Le Meridien Piccadilly for a 4 night city trip. We upgraded to a club room, but took a family room with the club benefits since we wanted 2 separate beds. Jessica was very helpful and tried to give us one of the best rooms she could find. The club facilities were great, small breakfast with all the essentials and great snacks in the evening. Also excellent service from Marina and Esther. The premium wifi was fast and strong and worked in the room.The room was big, but with a tiny bathroom which could use some renovation. The location makes the hotel ideally for a city trip, right in the middle of the centre with lots of restaurants and pubs. Would definitely recommend this hotel!  ",Date of stay: January 2015,4.0
1226,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1225-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Fantastic Location!,"I stayed here for a few night just before Christmas, and found this hotel to be great. The location is fantastic, within walking distance of most of the big sites of London, My room was overlooking the street and it was lovely being able to see all the beautiful Christmas lights from the window. The room was clean and a good size and the staff were friendly and helpful.",Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
1227,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1225-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Love this hotel!,"This was our second visit to Le Meridien. The hotel is amazing, the staff were friendly and efficient, they even noticed from my husbands ID that it was his birthday and wished him a happy birthday and upgraded our room. The room itself was freshly decorated, comfortable and spacious with a well stocked minibar. There were loads of toiletries, dressing gowns, slippers and towels. We visited the bar after we had been out during the evening, it was the perfect end to our evening, the bar is comfortable and relaxed. I can't recommend this hotel highly enough.",Date of stay: January 2015,5.0
1228,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1225-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Enjoyed staying here,"Often when you stay in hotels that are situated in classical style buildings (this often happens in European cities), the rooms are awkwardly shaped, the ceilings are low or the bathrooms old.  Was very happy to see that Le Meridien at Piccadilly had none of these issues.  We had a well-spaced out room with very high ceilings and a brand new bathroom.  It was actually ‘hip’ which is not a design type I necessarily associate with LeMeridien.  Most likely the hotel had been renovated recently.  The location is of course superb.  You’re right next to Trafagar Square, Regent Street, Mayfair … so everything is within walking distance.  Funny enough, the only facility that had the vestige of the old building layout was the gym.  Spread over several landings, located within different…",Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
1229,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1225-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Adequate,"This hotel is in a fantasic location but everything else about it is just adequate. Service is okay. Rooms are okay but ours was facing an inner section of the hotel so we could not actually leave the curtains open without looking into someone else's room.  If you leaned way over to one side and tilted your head, you could actually see the sky and find out what the weather was doing.  The bathroom was small and not well lit.  Not easy to apply make up or shave. The internet was spotty - even for my iPhone and you had to pay for it.  The front door staff and consierge staff were very helpful. Although this is the second time we have stayed in this hotel, we will look for someplace else to stay next time. This hotel was overpriced, even with the location.",Date of stay: January 2015,3.0
1230,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1230-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great Hotel,"Stayed here for work midweek. Perfect location, maybe not ideal for work but great if you are a tourist. As with most places in London, great restaurants close by. The hotel is very nice, rooms a little dated but for London it's what you would expect for the price. Good breakfasts and super staff in the breakfast room. Beds were fantastically comfortable!",Date of stay: January 2015,4.0
1231,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1230-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Le Meridien Picadilly,"As it's name implies, the Meridien is ideally located in the West End, a couple hundred yards from Picadilly Circus, Regent Street, Burlington Arcade, Fortnum and Mason, etc., dozens of prestigious London landmarks. When I stay in London, it's either the W or the Meridien. If I want a cozier British environment, then I chose the Meridien. Staff is very helpful and the rooms are really nice, some of them overlooking Regent Street while others are located above Picadilly and I have also had the chance to stay in truly magnificent suites. The dining room is absolutely breathtaking underneath its glass ceiling and having breakfast there is really a great way to start your day. A little bit of history for the fashion and music buffs, next door to the hotel you find Cordings, a very…",Date of stay: December 2014,5.0
1232,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1230-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Unforgetablely bad experience with them,"1/ always short of staff at the reception  2/ room is old, 1mm thick dust around the window  3/ heated towel rack not working, house keeping staff couldn't find the switch too??!!   4/ gym changing room is just likes cheap gym. They just put some small bottle of shampoo n shower gel in the shower. And they never change a new one. Some of them were used or empty already.  5/ after check out, I realized I left my scarf in the closet. After 20mins when I arrived mandarin oriental I ask the staff to make a call to le meridian to have look for me. There was no positive reply from le meridian. after 5 hrs I went bk to le meridian and get help from the concierge. (Reception as always long line of people waiting) they called housekeeping and the answer was not found. I told them I'm…",Date of stay: December 2014,1.0
1233,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1230-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Nice location, bad hotel.","The location of the hotel is almost perfect. It's in the city center close to the Tube. However the hotel is very old (you can see that in the bathrooms especially). Bathrooms are terrible. Very small and partially destroyed. Walls are missing paint here and there. But that's not the worst.  The worst thing is the club lounge. A theoretical luxurious place. In reality, room with few couches and terrible food. If you want to go to breakfast in club lounge, just don't. The only thing there is a few loafs of toast break, butter and some cheese and ham. Coffee machine is broken 90% of the time. A much better idea is to go to a café 15 yards from the main entrance to eat some good breakfast.  Some rooms have great view, but others are just like one-windowed concrete cells.  In…",Date of stay: January 2015,2.0
1234,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1230-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",A night of luxury,"We have stayed in many hotels in London, this was by far the biggest room we had.  It overlooked Piccadilly but we couldn't hear a thing thanks to excellent double-glazing. The service at the front desk was friendly and helpful and the breakfast was varied and in a lovely airy/light room. It was so nice to step out of the hotel and basically walk to anywhere we wanted, all the shops on  Regent and Oxford Street and if we were feeling lazy the tube or bus was right there too.",Date of stay: December 2014,5.0
1235,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1235-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Brilliant location for shops and theatre,Visited on 29 December for one night. Well appointed room and very quiet overlooking Regent Street.  Excellent choice for breakfast. Will visit again.  Close to brilliant Hawksmore restaurant in Air Street,Date of stay: December 2014,5.0
1236,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1235-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",resteration,"stayed for 2 nights very disappointed its tired very ,poor service,the rooms are very basic,food cold,would not stay again,it needs total overall spoke to other people staying there and they was of the same opinion.? thank god for the Michael bub concert to salvage our trip ,mike from manchester",Date of stay: December 2014,2.0
1237,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1235-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Afternoon tea is nothing to write home about,"Decided to treat my nephew to a show and afternoon tea - managed to get Le Meridien on a deal from Groupon - which is its only saving grace!   The welcome was warm and friendly however nothing else lived up to expectation. It was 'ok' but nothing special. Tea pots were very stained and smeary. The setting was nothing special. Sandwiches a little dry around the edges. Waiting staff disinterested in replenishing anything or enquiring whether you'd like to. Cakes were ok but again a little dry - scones were nice though. I'm glad I got this on a deal, if I'd paid full price, I would have been very disappointed. ",Date of stay: December 2014,3.0
1238,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1235-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Great Location, Good Hotel","Good hotel in a really good location. We had only 24 hours in London and had to do a lot of different things. The central location right on the tube was perfect. And closer to the hotel we had a chance to nip into Fornum and Mason, Whole Foods, Hamleys and Waterstones. Unusual for a Meridien, there was full tea and coffee facilities (not sure if only in suites). The room was quiet with nice sitting room and great bathroom. Only downside was no view from this room. Great lounge for breakfast and light bites.",Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
1239,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1235-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Not a 5 star, dreadful service and cold breakfast, and untruthful.","Stayed there overnight and went to see show.  Very good location and comfortable rooms.  Finding our room was not easy.  Get lift to one floor then walk down some steps, strange.  Welcome was good, asked for driving licence when I checked in, why?  Drinks hugely overpriced.  Breakfast that was advertised for £28 was awful.  Had to wait some time to get in dining room.  Buffet was not good.  No plates or bowls.  Had to ask twice for hot drinks.  Many items had run out, butter, baked beans, white bread for toast, etc.  worst of all it was cold.  Previous guests milk was left on our window cill.  Worst of all when we asked about getting a taxi to Victoria station we were told as it is Sunday very difficult to get cab but if we give them half an hours notice they could get us one. …",Date of stay: December 2014,3.0
1240,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1240-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",An honest review,"Have wanted to stay here for a while and location cant be beat , check in took an age and the very pleasant young guy checking us in was professional but looked like he was still in training a lot of paper shuffling and repeated questions , the ""music"" in the lobby and lifts is proudly advertised as some French arty collaboration but does not suit the hotel at all and was if anything annoying, the room was fine this is a grand old hotel but clean as a whistle and had everything we needed for our stay, breakfast is a grand affair with brilliant continental stylings such as muffins croissants fruits cold meats and cheeses the hot breakfast though is a disaster bearing in mind we arrived at 5 past 7 when it had just opened they serve the cheapest bacon ive ever seen the sausages…",Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
1241,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1240-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Good Hotel in a Great Location,"Le Meridien is an elite brand within the Starwood family.  Some of the properties are in need of a refresh.  This property has been going through a refresh and work continues.  I requested an early check-in that wasn't available when I arrived.  The changing area was under construction and I had to make due with a tiny temporary area in the basement, in the fitness center area.  If you need to guarantee a room when you arrive booking the previous evening may be the way to go.  The service at the front desk wasn't particularly helpful but the Service Mgr did email me immediately after I turned in my survey - impressive! The room was very good and especially quiet.  The location, a block from Piccadilly and close to Regent street shopping is excellent.  There are many restaurants…",Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
1242,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1240-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Great venue for a party, service needs working on",we had booked the Terrace for our team dinner and we started with drinks in the small bar which was fine and the cocktail waiter entertained with his skills. We had opted for the set menu which was actually very nice although the portion sizes varied considerably around the table and the service was a little slow at times. When you are paying top prices you expect good service and it lacked a some sparkle. Overall a good night though and we may well return. They just need to sharpen up on the details,Date of stay: December 2014,3.0
1243,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1240-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Not worth it,"This hotel reminds me of why I dislike Le Meridien: it's the weakest and least developed brand in Starwood's portfolio. Westin, W, St. Regis, even Aloft have a strong identity and deliver a consistent brand experience. Le Meridiens are all over the map - pretty much the only thing they have in common is that they feel like an inferior version of the Sofitel.  This hotel is well located (right off of Piccadilly Circus) in London, and it's in better shape than the crumbling, decrepit Sheraton at Park Lane down the road. But there are a few things that need work: - The service at the front desk is extremely inefficient and borderline rude, and the bellmen and concierges provided unclear and in some cases incorrect directions - The rooms are already a bit dated - e.g. bathroom…",Date of stay: December 2014,3.0
1244,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1240-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Old and tired, but great location","Ideally situated, but old, tired, dark and noisy. Dark rooms with paper thin walls in addition to noise from the street and air conditioning system. A great location and pool facilities wasted. For the price, difficult to give more than 2 stars. Would definitely go for something else until the place is refurbished/renovated.",Date of stay: December 2014,2.0
1245,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1245-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Rooms are large--but service is horrible,"The hotel has some charm, such as the squeaky floors in the rooms, and the strange layout of the hallways.  The service and staff at the hotel should be noted though.  Concierge--no complaints here, I had several great experiences with the on site concierge, but make sure you get the ""Real"" concierge, not a bellman who happens to jump behind the counter.  The Bellmen mean well--but say just about anything to be helpful, and you end up with bad information.  THE restaurant on the 2nd floor---DONT BOTHER!  they are rude, the food is overpriced, and they don't have any sense of how to run a restaurant.  An embarrassment for the hotel. ordered drinks, and eventually had to go get them myself as they say at the bar (for 10/15 minutes) after the bartender had made them (I saw them…",Date of stay: December 2014,3.0
1246,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1245-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Fabulous location but has gone down hill in last few years,"We have just returned from a one night stay at this hotel which has previously been our favourite hotel in London. We choose to stay here for its excellent location and the fact the it has a pool and jacuzzi. This is a end of year treat for us and has been for years. We've stayed at this hotel loads of times over the past 15 years and have always loved it but this time we were very disappointed. Check in took ages but because we arrived very early, about 10.30 am, we didn't mind. We we're told our room number but told that it would be another. 30 mins till ready. Fabulous! We decided to leave our bags and go shopping. Upon returning to the hotel at 6.00 pm excited to see our room and plonk ourselves in jacuzzi for 2 hours, we we're told our room still wasn't ready and then given…",Date of stay: December 2014,3.0
1247,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1245-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Very nice hotel, ideally located","The hotel is very pleasant, the staff was lovely. There is a restaurant which we have not used as it was closed... We had a room on the top floor which provided us with a nice view over Big Ben and the London Eye :-) The room was very nice, clean and comfortable. Only thing we did regret not having was a station where we could recharge our phones, it would have been highly appreciated considering we had no charger with us...  The hotel is ideally located, 2 minutes from Piccadilly Circus and shops. We did not have breakfast at the hotel as it was too expensive per person. We did not use the spa nor the gym. We did not have free wifi, it was only in the public areas such as the reception...",Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
1248,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1245-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Afternoon tea,"Just returned from an afternoon tea in the Terrace. Sorry guys, but this didn't live up to expectations. It was our anniversary so I thought I would book a 5 star treat for us. No way was this 5 star. We were offered a table by the window on arrival however were asked to move as a private party had been arranged. Had to wait a while for service and when eventually served we asked if no fish ie salmon sandwiches could be given to us due to an allergy. However we were still served salmon sandwiches. How difficult can it be? It was poor and won't be returning, sorry.",Date of stay: December 2014,2.0
1249,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1245-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Good location. Comfortable hotel,We normally stay at another Starwood hotel in London but tried to book too late so opted for Le Meridien. The location is great and even though our room overlooked Regent Street it was quiet. The room was well equipped and a decent size for London. We did not dine in based on recent reviews. We did have a drink in the bar which was ok but we did not realised they served bar meals until someone received one. The pools was fine although we also found the jacuzzi out of order. Gym facilities looked good. Nothing really to complain about but we prefer our usual location and will book earlier in future.,Date of stay: November 2014,4.0
1250,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1250-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","This time, one of the best experiences","My first visit, the room I was appointed was not a good one. But this time, we had two new refurnish rooms ( 115 & 117) and I have to say, they were just perfect rooms !!! I would like to thanks Mr. Paul Whittle for all his help. Mr. Whittle & his team, made our travel experience Perfect !!",Date of stay: November 2014,5.0
1251,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1250-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Great Venue, but lessons need to be learned","We attended for lunch with friends to the Terrace Grill/Bar restaurant.  Our friends booked under the offered Meal deal (3 courses plus a glass of prosecco £28 per person).  Restaurant very nice and we were shown to our table promptly. Prosecco offered promptly (we were asked if we wanted it before we started eating, which we did as we would be ordering wine with the meal).  We had to wait a while before we were given bread and our order taken for food and drinks.  There were other people who arrived after us and were attended to more promptly and my assumption was it was obvious they were ordering from the A La Carte menu and we were on a Meal Deal.  Starter arrived along with the wine, but unfortunately we had to check where my wife's soft drink order was and waiter aplogised…",Date of stay: December 2014,3.0
1252,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1250-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Nice Place But Terrible Service,"The location of this hotel can't be beat.  The hotel itself is old, but has a certain quaintness to it that works with the overall London vibe.  The service though...beyond terrible.  Check in took forever.  Once finally complete, I was given my key with absolutely no information on what amenities the hotel had to offer, where the restaurant was, or even where the elevator was to get to my room.  Nothing.  The housekeeping service throughout my six night stay was spotty.  One day I didn't get towels; the next day, no facecloths; the next day, no water.  Absolutely terrible service for the price and the reputation of the chain.  When I called to get the issues rectified, no one answered the phone.  I went to the front desk to ask for towels and the front desk staff was both rude…",Date of stay: November 2014,2.0
1253,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1250-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Don't go if you want a special weekend despite the spectacular location,"We had 2 executive suites booked as we are a family of 5..so not cheap!  One room wasn't ready when we arrived and we waited until 6pm to get it. Then we thought we'd try to relax and unwind before my husbands birthday dinner...take a swim in one of the largest pools in London- which is why we chose it-  but it was freezing cold as the pump was broken and the jacuzzi was out of order and apparently has been for over 5 months without being repaired. There was no notice on the website or at reception telling guests that these facilities were not available this weekend. No general manager was available for us to speak to and because we booked the rooms via a travel agent, the hotel denies any responsibility for room or rate compensation- instead offered us loyalty card points and…",Date of stay: November 2014,1.0
1254,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1250-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","More ""UGH "" than ""Oooooh!""","'Ive allowed myself a couple of days to think this through... because its easy to be hot headed , ergo over react to the situation. So here is our opinion of this establishment from last Friday. We both are self employed, so we haven't had a holiday for 3 years, too busy, so every now and then we have the odd night in London for a 5 star treat.  Positives; Fabulous location.  We arrive, check in takes a long time and seems oddly complex. WE are asked if we need two room keys, we say we only need one.At no point did anyone explain to us that you have to use the key to use the lift. We take ourselves to the room.  The room that time forgot .   When I go to a hotel, I expect it to be lovely, I expect to say ""OOOhhhhhh"" when I open the door , not ""UGHHH !""  I opened this door and…",Date of stay: November 2014,2.0
1255,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1255-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Bad experience,"Went for afternoon tea and would not return. Firstly seated in an area out of the main restaurant in a dark corner and waited 20 minutes for someone to take our order.  I then asked him if we could move into the main restaurant where there were lots of free tables, another sulky waiter then came to take our order again and after 10 minutes brought over a glass of champagne. Another 20 minutes passed without any afternoon tea in which time we saw one of the managers telling at a waitress in view of all the diners. Afternoon tea was brought over and was disappointing with tasteless sandwiches and stale cake selection. We then asked for some actual tea to be brought over which we had ordered half an hour earlier and the waiter snapped that we were supposed to drink the champagne…",Date of stay: November 2014,1.0
1256,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1255-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Hotel location in London just perfect,excellent service at this Starwood property.  Rooms of a high standard just a little small!  Beds very comfy and amenities in the room very welcoming.  The staff are very polite and professional!  We had a very enjoyable stay.  The location is perfect for everything we were doing during our weekend.  Would come here again for sure! ,Date of stay: November 2014,5.0
1257,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1255-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great location and typical modern Meridien accommodations,"Typical Meridien quality in an excellent location.  Hotel is thoroughly modern with nice room furnishings including desk, 2 chairs with table, and bath robes.  I had an inside room which was very quiet - I imagine the rooms facing Piccadilly would be noisy.  Hotel has 1 restaurant and a lounge along with a very nice room for afternoon tea.  Great location close to tube and shopping on Regent St, Carnaby, Fortnum Mason, and Liberty of London.  No pool or parking.",Date of stay: November 2014,4.0
1258,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1255-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Holiday of note,"Best location in London you can avoid the tubes as you are so central love this hotel was amazing stay amazing free wine and tapas also a bonus   What a great experience all in all. I would come back in a heart beat, and also close to amazing pubs and food ",Date of stay: November 2014,4.0
1259,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1255-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Good location, excellent hotel, outstanding staff!!","I have been here for a week, the location of the hotel is perfect, in few minutes it is possible to reach all the major attractions of London. The hotel is excellent, i was in a club room, good size compared to the room that we can find in the middle of London, well equipped and very clean. Having booked a club room i had included in the prize the access to the club lounge where i could get every day, breakfast afternoon tea and an happy hour with all the drinks included. Health club was  very comfortable. Business center to be update, the printer during my  entire stay has never worked !!! The staff of the Hotel have been really outstanding, since the first day i checked in till the last one. There are no words to describe them, they really let you feel at home. I would like…",Date of stay: November 2014,5.0
1260,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1260-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great hotel excellent location," Great International hotel, once a room change request was met with such friendliness by Jessica,  I really enjoyed my stay. Modern newly refurbished room , secluded, quiet unobtrusive service,had all comforts and amenities, very comfortable king size bed, modern white lovely bathroom really incredible location in London looking over Piccadilly street just away from very busy Piccadilly Circus. Walking distance to shops in a Regent street and Bond street ,Soho, theatre districts and Chinatown  Busy hotel with very expensive room service exclusive bar and restuarants.",Date of stay: November 2014,4.0
1261,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1260-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great Location but Not Five Stars!,We stayed here while in London for a couple of days before heading to Scotland for Ryder Cup 2014.  The location of the hotel was great but I would not stay there again.  The service was lacking except the Bellhops were all helpful.  I stay at Starwood properties often and the Sheraton down the street was ten times better than this hotel.  Big disappointment for a five star hotel.  However I will say the beds were amazing as always like every Starwood Property!,Date of stay: September 2014,3.0
1262,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1260-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Renovation needed,"Short walk from Piccadilly Circus staff friendly, had afternoon tea,  but was not aloud out on to balcony, as staff was setting up for dinner @ 2 in the afternoon! was average,could really do with a bit of renovation",Date of stay: July 2014,3.0
1263,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1260-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great!,"Pretty &  elegant hotel, great location, clean with 5* service, spacious room.  Staff are helpful and friendly. Maybe a little refurbishment will help to improve. Not easy to get in and out of the hotel with the room card but I believe its for security reason. We will come back.",Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
1264,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1260-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",We like it here!,"I booked one night stay here at very last minute. The hotel managed to upgrade us to a very spacious suite with two bathrooms.   We arrived quite early on Sunday morning and the room was not available, we left our bags with concierge and walked to Trafalgar Square, visited London eye and surrounding attractions with our two young children.  When we returned at 4, the room was ready and we also enjoyed using the executive lounge throughout our stay. I however do encourage the hotel management to consider giving the platinum guests thto use the terrace restaurant with a supplement charge rather than pay the full rate as many other Starwood hotels in Asia and US often do.   The South African lady (apologies for not remembering her name)at guest services is wonderful about…",Date of stay: October 2014,4.0
1265,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1265-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Not the hotel it used to be,"Back from a 4-day trip in London with accommodation at Le Méridien Picadilly.  Apart from his amazing location, we are absolutely disappointed by this hotel which was one of our favorite in London! So (huge) nasty stains on the room floor, bath cleanliness to an almost unacceptable degree, breakfast buffet  (which was so great in the past) with quite often empty dishes and so much time to be refilled... ! For sure, I was not prepared to such a frustration!!!",Date of stay: November 2014,3.0
1266,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1265-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Everything went fine.,"At least twice a year we spend a couple old days at le Meriden Piccadilly. We had some good and bad suprises in the past, and this time everything went on fine. At the reception an additional sofa has been arranged and it makes it more practical and friendly. This is a very good decision. A lot of new faces among the employees.We miss Virginie H. Good to see Nicolas at the reception. The young latvian Lady at the restaurant is very professional and helpfull. Thanks to everyone.",Date of stay: November 2014,4.0
1267,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1265-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Mixed bag,"You cannot enter the hotel main entrance (to reception or lobby) without a room card and we found this annoying and a little unusual for such a large hotel. The rooms are very generous in size, both times we have stayed the double rooms are huge- almost the size of a suite- but could do with a refurb but are clean and have most things you would need. Minibar- which was inside a wardrobe- contained 8 cans of coke, 6 beers, but no spirits(?!). Room service then later made a fault with our drinks order. Overall a good hotel which I would have no problem staying in again. You cant fault the location - and overall a good hotel which I would have no problem staying in again.",Date of stay: November 2014,3.0
1268,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1265-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Regular hotel, expensive but good location","This hotel needs some maintenance. It is a regular hotel, which is fine, except for the price. The location is the key highlight. Food is fine, not superb.  Terrible room service, after waiting for 90 minutes and hearing tons of excuses I had to get dress and have dinner outside... unacceptable!",Date of stay: October 2014,3.0
1269,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1265-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Good stay - but renovation needed,"The Hotel is perfectly located for doing shopping and business in Central London. If you have booked superior room the room size is fine, otherwise they are really small.   Overall the conditions of the rooms are good but need a renovation, e.g. You need to walk around and switch off lamps yourself. Starwood Lounge is rather mediocre as well.   Gets fully booked often very quickly so better go for an early reservation. ",Date of stay: November 2014,3.0
1270,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1270-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Solid basics, not four star","I'm loyal to Starwood and unfortunately they do not have many good options in London. I've previously stayed at and liked the Park Tower, but it was booked so I opted for Le Meridien. It is what you'd expect from a tourist hotel in Piccadilly Circus... old building, small windows, dated furnishings, tiny bathroom with a tub. Room was actually a decent size by London standards, but the bath was among the smallest I've ever seen.    I'm SPG Gold and was recognized as such upon arrival. The clerk noted my request for a bright room on a high floor and...  well... put me in a dark room on the 4th floor.  I wasn't in the mood to trek downstairs again to ask for a change and it is only a two night stay so I settled and spent as little time as possible in the room.  They get the basics…",Date of stay: November 2014,3.0
1271,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1270-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great Location and finally refurbishing rooms make this Hotel the place to stay,"Over the years had great experiences at this Hotel but last trip the run down rooms finally got to me and used other hotels nearby for recent trips.However as the Hotel is refurbishing the rooms can report on 1st level ,especially room 110 that they have done a great job.Rooms are light modern ,good size in both beedroom and bathroom and back to my hotel of choice",Date of stay: October 2014,4.0
1272,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1270-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great location.  Appalling check in service...,"My 86 year old uncle and aunt travelled 3,500 miles from NY to spend a couple of nights in London with my wife, 2 young children and I.    Given the age of my aunt and uncle, we had only one requirement: that we stay in rooms on the same floor.  Check out is 12pm.  We arrived at the hotel at 3pm after a long trip to ensure that any wait was kept to a minimum, to be told that the room wasn't ready and wouldn't be ready until 5pm ""at the earliest"".  This is not acceptable.  Our rooms should have been ready.  That was bad enough.  What was infinitely worse was the rude, aggressive and ill mannered check in staff.  They ruined our arrival, and spoiled what should have been a holiday treat.  This was extremely disappointing and unexpected.  Starwood hotels are generally very good.  I…",Date of stay: October 2014,2.0
1273,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1270-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Another great stay,"There is a lot written about this hotel, including by myself. But I wanted to share another great experience I had at Le Meridien a couple of weeks ago.   I wanted to mention the staff, especially the bellboy Mohamed and doorman Vasco. They remembered me from the past stays and were extremely helpful with everything I asked for.   The breakfast got even better at Terrace, certainy one of the best in London.  There was a small glitch in the hotel system because of which my gold status was not recognized. After I completed an online survey, I was immediately contacted by Marly van Lierop. This really shows that they care about guests' opinion. Marly was very attentive to that small issue and went an extra mile to sort it out. That is why I will be coming to the hotel with my…",Date of stay: October 2014,5.0
1274,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1270-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Luxury, Service and Elegance all in one!","Stayed here with my wife after a business trip.  As expected this hotel had the Le Meridien quality in terms of Luxury, Service and Elegance.  It is expensive but if you are staying for business or a special occasion, I think it's worth it and we had an awesome stay.  Used suite night awards to upgrade to a suite and wasn't dissapointed.  Keep in mind the rooms are more historical and rustic but not extremely so where you feel like you are actually transported back to the 1700s (like some other high end europe SPG hotels).  Suite was spacious, romantic and quiet.  Executive lounge was acceptible.  The spread for breakfast and afternoon was decent but nothing to really talk about.  They boast about it in their hotel marketing but overall I felt it was a little thin compared to…",Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
1275,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1275-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",SPA Day- bday treat,"Went for a SPA day for 2, was not staying at the hotel. Booked 2 massages, which were really good, very very good therapist! My only disappointment was the hydro pool that was out of order (we were not told so before booking this). Pool is big (think is one of the largest in London and there is also a steam room, relaxation room and 2squash courts. Overall okay. It would have been nice for a spa day to arrange a package solution with light lunch and drink, instead of having to get dressed and go to the Terrace restaurant (they did not have any brunch available, we went there around 2-3pm). Not sure if we will go back.",Date of stay: October 2014,3.0
1276,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1275-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Convenience and comfort,"I've stayed here a few times now (most recently October 2014), always with Starwood points.  Because I traveled on points, I didn't necessarily get the choicest rooms in the hotel, but even the lower-tier rooms are all quite comfortable.  This last stay I was on the third floor, which I was concerned would mean I'd get street noise, but it was totally quiet.  Overall I you get a very good night's sleep - dead silent room, little noise from the hallway, super comfy bed and pillows, thermostat easy to control.  The shower was very good - good water pressure, heat, and lighting.  The toilet was oddly loud, and churned for several minutes after use - might've just been something wrong with mine, but I was a little too lazy (and the problem too picayune) to make a big deal out of it.…",Date of stay: October 2014,4.0
1277,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1275-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Very central,"As the name tells the hotel is in the very center of London. Good place for shopping, theater and many sights. The Hotel was clean, and quite quiet during the nights althoug the situation was so in the middle of everything. The room was basic, a bit worn out and some smaller things that  were not OK but the staff helped to fix them. The breakfast was exellent and service normal. I can recommend this hotel to visitors who just need a base for an active weekend.",Date of stay: October 2014,4.0
1278,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1275-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Friendly - Great location & bfast,"I have stayed in this hotel 3 times 3 nights per stay, and overall i find this hotel very good. As many have stated, the location is unbeatable, rooms very quiet, service friendly and good. And free internet, that cannot be underestimated.  Sometimes to room Windows are to the bfst room, sometimes to Piccadilly - all of them are good. you don't really expect great views in a London hotel, much rather I appreciate the silence. And Le Meridien HAS quiet rooms and very very good beds. The decoration, especially the floors, are maybe a bit 'tired', but overall good and clean.  Some glitches in the service: I purhased a bfast voucher at the check-in (it is almost half price compared to a bfst bought at the bfst room), and handed it to the person welcoming me to breakfast. however,…",Date of stay: October 2014,4.0
1279,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1275-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Very Nice Hotel,"I chose this hotel as part of an engagement surprise for my girlfriend. I wanted a special stylish hotel and was not let down. The location is perfect. We had a street facing room, fairly low down (perhaps 3rd floor) looking out on Piccadilly, I was worried that it would be loud, but it was the complete opposite, very quite.   The bedroom was very stylish (newly refurbed I think) and the bathroom was also very stylish was a large high quality shower. There was a massive mirror in the bathroom, however my girlfriend pointed out there wasn't one in the bedroom for her to do her hair/makeup.  Breakfast in the terrace restaurant was brilliant. A vast amount of quality food to choose from, hot/cold/savory/sweet.   The terrace restaurant was a lovely place to eat, we also had…",Date of stay: July 2014,4.0
1280,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1280-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Price totally unjustified,"I stayed for 2 days to attend a conference which was taking place there. Even though my company is paying for the accommodation, I found the cost extremely high for what the hotel offered. The room was so small that the door would pump into the bed and would not open. I asked for a queen bed and I got two singles. Room was not ready by 14:00 and it was doubtful if it would be ready by 15:00. I had to demand for a room by 15:00 to get one, as I needed to change for work. The only window of the room was facing inside the hotel into the breakfast room! So curtains stayed shut throughout my stay and might as well had a room without a window as the curtains were blackouts.... Breakfast was poor for the rate I was charged with a single egg choice of powder feeling scrambled eggs. I…",Date of stay: October 2014,1.0
1281,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1280-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","good, not great","I was there for ten days in the summer and the manager made me prove to him (much like a father would punitively do to a child) that I was entitled to get the complimentary breakfast.    He made me feel like I was trying to ""get over"" on the hotel (ten days was a big hotel bill).   I was appalled at how condescending he was and how he treated me.   I had to show him my web site membership confirmation to prove to him I could have their breakfast;   and then still, he was prickly and difficult.     My room smelled like smoke when I checked in and they wanted to relocate me for a few hours and I just had gotten off a red eye, so I lived with the smell until the next day.    My room was large, clean and the location was close to Picadilly (like Times Square) which can be noisy and…",Date of stay: August 2014,3.0
1282,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1280-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Almost 5 Stars,"We had a great time in London and everyone at Le Meridien Piccadilly made the stay most pleasant even though our stay was short (2 nights/3days). The breakfast was good but wish there were more selections. As for the room...it was nice but the view was terrible. I know you can't please everyone but the view was of the rooftop of the hotel itself along with walls and windows but no view of the beautiful city of London which we came to see. The Location was definitely 5 star. Right in Piccadilly and Regent St. Everything you wanted was at your fingertips. As the saying goes... Location, Location, Location. Le Meridien Piccadilly certainly has that. What made the trip most memorable were the ppl that worked there. Definitely first class from front desk, concierge, door men to the…",Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
1283,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1280-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent,"I stayed in Le Meridien Piccadilly, and I loved. In the middle of central London, with a lots os shoppings and restaurants, dance clubs, etc. the restaurant, the food was great, with beautiful menu available. I really enjoy the room as well. New with nice view. I strong recommend.",Date of stay: October 2014,5.0
1284,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1280-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Terrible ventilation,"I stayed in this hotel with my partner in October 2014 for one night in a classic double room. The location is superb and the comfort and amenities available (swimming pool, steam room, great gym, squash court and spa etc) are all lovely.   However, despite the chic decor and the very comfortable bed, we found the room to be far too hot and stuffy. When we tried to open the window we discovered it was sealed shut and the AC unit seemed to have absolutely no affect on the room temperature.   Consequently, we both had a very poor nights sleep, having to continually drink and wash with cold water in desperation to cool ourselves down! My partner actually overheated at one point and we both felt very sick and extremely tired the next day because of the room. I wouldn't recommend…",Date of stay: October 2014,3.0
1285,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1285-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",The shine had gone...,My last was here.  But this trip again ... But the finer part of a hotel has gone missing ... The service . The quality of rooms.  Everyone who give service is not attentive and giving an impression that they are always in a rush. .. Maybe London is such now ,Date of stay: October 2014,3.0
1286,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1285-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great location for an excellent hotel,"The location for this hotel could not be better.  Located just steps from the Piccadilly Circus tube stop its easy to get around and Traflagar Square, Soho and the theatre district are right next door as well.  Yet, despite its high profile location noise is not a problem in the guest rooms, which is appreciated.  The rooms themselves are very nice, well appointed with high quality furnishings and great beds.  Especially appreciated for foreign visitors such as ourselves are the USB plug adapters to charge most devices.    We also have a club upgrade so that came with free breakfast and it was very nice.  Excellent smoked salmon, pastries and good coffee.  We will be happily return to this hotel when next we travel to London.",Date of stay: September 2014,5.0
1287,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1285-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Good but not a 5* hotel,"We stayed here for one night at the weekend and had booked as part of a 'Secret hotels' deal on another website.  Piccadilly suited us as a location so I booked the deal.  Once they told me the name of the hotel and after a check on here, I was a bit apprehensive.     However, pleased to report that the hotel was fine.  At check in I was first offered a twin room but they were quite happy to change that and I was moved to a double. The reception and door staff were always very helpful and friendly.    The room did have an outside window and from the other reviews on here (and over-hearing a conversation at check out) that seems to be the key.   I wasn't overly impressed with the decor but the room was clean and very quiet. For one night, the smallish size was not a problem.  We…",Date of stay: October 2014,4.0
1288,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1285-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",A great place to stay,"I stayed at Le Meridien last night celebrating our engagement and I was impressed.  I booked this as a last minute deal and I can't wait to go back.  Our room was spacious with a huge comfortable bed and wonderful pillows.  The robes and slippers give a luxury feel and the hotel is quiet (unless you have the windows open).  The venue can't be beaten and it is easy to find.  The pool is relaxing and quiet, I was dissapointed the Jacuzzi was broken so we couldn't use it, it was obviously not a minor problem as it was fully drained and bone dry.  We didn't eat at the hotel because it was expensive, I couldn't warrant spending £28 each on breakfast.",Date of stay: October 2014,5.0
1289,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1285-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Wonderful Place to Stay,"Stayed here just as an overnight stopover after going out in the West End. Our double room though a bit on the small side was neat, clean and comfortable. The gym and swimming pool quiet and exclusive. We didn't get a chance to try the restaurant though, as we were out all evening.   Two words of warning for travellers and the reason for my not giving the hotel a 5. 1) The staff at reception should explain to guests checking in how to work the lifts. I rode up and down in one for ten minutes trying to get it to stop at my floor - it was like something out of a Carry On. 2) DO NOT take anything out of the mini bar to read labels unless you aim to buy the product. The hotel has a weird security system that charges you for anything lifted out of the fridge. I'm as blind as a bat…",Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
1290,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1290-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great location,"Central location, near tube station, China Town, all the West End theatres.  Good room size, spacious. Service staff at front desk were a bit preoccupied, so... slow in attending queries. Apart from that, it is alright!",Date of stay: August 2014,5.0
1291,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1290-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Not a Le Meridien experience,"The property is frankly average. The rooms are old and are not in line with Le Meridien style/feel promise. The service is not there: no serious attention is given to guest's needs. We arrived early morning and had to wait for 5 hours for our room to be ready. We came from a 16-hour flight from Canada. I emailed the Front Desk and the hotel manager in advance, explaining the situation and asking for early check-in. We arrived at around 9am - a good number of guests were checking out in front of us, and we were the only ones checking in. Housekeeping usually starts their shift at 8:00 in the morning... it takes 30-45 min to clean a room. So where did 5 hours of waiting come from? All the notes about my request were in the reservation. I just got the feeling that their team did…",Date of stay: August 2014,1.0
1292,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1290-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Central location, friendly staff, great gym, rooms a bit worn, room amenities not in order","Stayed here a year ago with good experience.  This time returned with family, got accommodated for early check in and upgrade to a large corner room.  Appreciate the friendly staff and service. Room appeared a bit worn and bathroom toilet not working and heating system not working properly despite requests to get them fixed.  Otherwise, gym has good amenities, and hotel is easy walking distance to many attractions (Leicaster Sq, Trafalgar Sq, Oxford Circus, Buckingham Palace, even Westminister, Parliament & Big Ben).  Underground Piccadilly station is right there and there're tons of buses to get to many destinations including Tower Bridge and Tower of London. I would stay here again if they can address the hotel room amenity issues.  It's difficult to stay for several nights…",Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
1293,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1290-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Disappointing visit,"This hotel is in the perfect location for exploring the West End of London as you can easily walk to theatres and shopping. Staff are pleasant and check-in was straightforward however considering the price of the rooms I was not impressed by the one I'd been given.    It was a very odd shaped, pokey room clearly squeezed in an internal space between the corridor and a ventilation shaft.  Although there was a small window I realised that there was no natural light at all as it opened onto a shaft full of pipework and noisy extractor fan / air con machinery. It was double glazed so that kept the noise out but it was frosted and small so no light could get in.  The room was clean and the bed comfy so for one night I couldn't be bothered to request a change. Again the bathroom was…",Date of stay: September 2014,3.0
1294,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1290-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",The location in London,"We spent 3 nights at Le Meridien in early September. After an overnight flight we arrived at 10:00 a.m. The desk expedited the room cleaning and we were checked in by 11:00. The great location allowed us to walk to most of the ""must see"" places and we were in the center of many great small restaurants. The Dover sole in the dining room was as good as any I have ever had. We will stay again.",Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
1295,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1295-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Good hotel, capricious rooms, GREAT location","This is a perfect location if one likes theatre and the opera. Almost all (except the national theatre) are walking distance.  The rooms can be small dark caves, or lovely suites.  (as a Starwood ""Frequent sleeper"") we often get upgrades, and the staff does seem to want one to be happy with their room. The mezzinine lounge is a perk for some, and can be challenging because of other customer's piggy behavior, bad manners and noisy children.  Again the staff is attentive, but sometimes overwhelmed by the numbers of folks scarfing down the complimentery food. I""ve seen all of the staff, front desk, door staff and lounge staff be charming in the face of abusive, demanding behavior. I suggested they give us ""bus your own trays"" as the lounge has a lot of activity, but they eschewed…",Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
1296,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1295-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Beautiful hotel - Great location,"For my stay in London I chose this beautiful hotel in the city center, close to Regent and Oxford Street. Hotel staff was very friendly and breakfast was excellent.  I would like to stay again because I like the location.  I can recommend this hotel to everyone.",Date of stay: November 2013,5.0
1297,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1295-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Good location, disappointed with room and service on this occasion","We've stayed here a few times as it's a very well located hotel, close to Regent and Oxford Streets, Leicester Square etc.  Also very handy for the underground.  I am a gold SPG member and usually get an upgrade but there was nothing this time.  That's ok but then the room I was given was dark, pretty small and inward facing to a dingy courtyard.  You'd think they'd look after their frequent guests a little better.  The staff are functional; very few are actually friendly.  One of the doormen was, but the others just open the door without even looking at you!  I only a breakfast once at the hotel.  The food and options were excellent but at GBP28, a bit steep.  You can go 5 minutes down Piccadilly and get a good breakfast for GBP5 at the Pret a Manger or one of those chains. …",Date of stay: September 2014,3.0
1298,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1295-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Still le Meridien, but value failing the price","I chose this hotel because I am an SPG member, and location (for our wedding anniversary). I was very reluctant however, because of so many inconsistent reviews, many which I read were quite disturbing and alarming! Fortunately, upon arrival, recognizing our stay was for our wedding anniversary, with room already paid, was upgraded to a Junior Suite without request. What a nice gesture! In short, that's where the nice experience ended. If you look at their website, you will see that with that room, things such as wifi, club lounge and continental breakfast are included, but when I inquired to the staff member who showed us to our room about this, he said he would ask the front desk and they would let us know. The answer came by phone from the front desk that even though we were…",Date of stay: September 2014,3.0
1299,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1295-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",NOT WHAT IT USED TO BE,"quite a disappointing stay at the Meridien , paying more than 400 GBP for a low-ceiling, courtyard-facing , dark and small room - asking for an upgrade I was told ""no way. we are fully booked"" , not an experience I will want to repeat",Date of stay: September 2014,2.0
1300,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1300-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Always our hotel of choice when we stay in central London,"As platinum level SPG guest, we always look for great SPG properties when we travel in any of the contients.  This hotel is on top of our lists.  It is steps away from the Piccadilly Circus, and close to the namesake tube station.  As Platinum guest, we always enjoy the club lounge at this property, great buffet breakfast, evening snacks, and great great afternoon tea/cakes.  The ladies in the lounge have been really helpful and professional in terms of help any guests in the lounge.  They timely replenish the food and drinks in the lounge, and clean up the tables and straighten up the chairs in blinks of eyes.  They are gems of the hotel.    With free breakies and evening snacks in the Club Lounge, you can save quite a a bit money if you count at least two or more travellers…",Date of stay: February 2014,5.0
1301,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1300-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Awful restaurant experience,"It's not that I mind paying $10 for coffee in the Terrace restaurant at breakfast if it's good coffee (which this wasn't) because I know what I'm getting into on the menu. What I mind is the sullen service (the waitress from start to finish said not one word, just showed up with a pad and stood there), the bad food (the croissants may have been made there but not today) and the invisible bill (we gave up 10 minutes after asking for it and went to the hostess station). I get that you want us to use the buffet so we can serve ourselves but I don't want to pay $50 just to have coffee and a croissant. It doesn't make me want to stay in the hotel. And I won't.",Date of stay: September 2014,1.0
1302,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1300-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Centrally located for convenience,"I stayed at the Le Meridien Piccadilly in May 2010 and found it quite centrally located and convenient, be it for a tourist, a business person, or first time visitor. Although I had been visiting London over the past 16 years, I just wanted the convenience of not having to take the tube and cabs but also walk and be in the Central London. Shopping at the less crowded Regent Street nearby was good rather than going to Oxford Street. I recall booking it with Starwood points and it seemed worthwhile. The service was good and the hotel was well maintained. The Concierge was helpful at all times.",Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
1303,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1300-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Ideal location but reflected in the tariff,"Le Meridien is right in Piccadilly Circus s ideal for the West End theatres, shops and transport. We had a good booking-in experience and our room, though on the front of the hotel, was quiet. Room cleanliness was good and the addition of robes and slippers very welcome. The beds were very comfortable and bedding very cosy. The bathroom was clean with a very efficient shower. The toilet was a bit noisey but this was repaired within half an hour of reporting it (excellent for a Sunday). The food on offer at breakfast was good but the trip to the buffet was via some very awkward steps which were difficult to negotiate even without plates of food. Tea and coffee were served out of vacuum flask jugs but were lukewarm. Plates and bowls on the buffet were infrequently and slowly…",Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
1304,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1300-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Location, location and friendly staff","Room was great, the breakfast great, the pool great, the gym great and the staff was really helful and friendly. The best concierge I ever met! I have stayed in many hotels all around the world. My son, 12 years, loved it and so did I. First hotel in London, I know I will return to!",Date of stay: September 2014,5.0
1305,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1305-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Tired and in need of updating.,"The hotel is showing wear and is in need of updating. We prepaid and upon check-in were ""upgraded"" to a club room which was so ridiculously small two people could not stand at the same time in parts of the room. The rug needed vacuuming and the room smelled of cigarette smoke. After much complaining and a not so happy dismissive front desk we changed rooms. Also, it seemed the entire hotel was always too humid, the air conditioning just didn't work properly. However, you cannot beat the location right in the center of Piccadilly. If you want to be in the hub of theater, restaurant and other entertainment its a good place to stay.",Date of stay: September 2014,2.0
1306,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1305-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Always good, now great place to stay in London","We were most impressed with our recent stay. From the doorman, to reception, concierge, club lounge staff, bartender and spg concierge-- everyone was stellar. The property is significantly cleaner than in the past, our bed perfect, appointments well maintained and club lounge meals and drinks superior.  Wireless was effortless everywhere in the hotel, technology state of art compared with most, room very spacious and even the 24 hour music track quite nice.  We experienced no noise of any kind. To the contrary, we were able to sleep off our jet lag through day 1 with no interruptions whatsoever, delightful.  And bonus..the travel firm booking the room had erred, noting only one guest and not recording our platinum status. The error was graciously noted and promptly addressed at…",Date of stay: September 2014,5.0
1307,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1305-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Best location. Attentive dutch manager!!,I was reading some of the reviews and it seems it is a love or hate category hotel.... We've been here before and this is the second time. The first time we used the business SPG lounge and our impression was that breakfast was average but enough for us cause we are not used to eat much in the morning. This second time we used the buffet breakfast that was great and complete. The service was very good also because we emphatized we two of the waiters and they were helpful all the time. The first room we had was facing the back alley and it has the kitchen exhaustor just close to the window with a constant and noisy hum...We asked to be changed and we had another room of the same level that was ok. My son had some high fever problems and we had to call the doctor. The front desk…,Date of stay: July 2014,4.0
1308,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1305-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Good service and best location,"We arrive to the hotel and 5.30pm and our rooms are not ready. My husband was sick and needed rest and the hotel manager was so kind to offer a bigger room for him to rest with two queen bed as I do not want to disturb him while he is resting.  The Concierge and door men are also with help and very knowledgeable. They recognize us and great us whenever they saw us and always ask, what can I help you.  I wish to give special thanks to Mr David (SPG Desk) for his help and assistance during our stay. We never fails to say, if you need anything please feel free to contact him. I feel so at home and comfortable staying in this hotel.  I also want to thank Sophie Mills for making the bookings for me and also sending me email and ask if I need anything, please write or call her.  I…",Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
1309,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1305-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Lost in translation,"The location is definitely the highlight of this hotel, but unfortunately, there isn't much else to recommend it. As an SPG platinum member, I received a huge suite, one of the largest rooms I've had anywhere. The furnishings were nice and overall it was a good room. There is zero soundproofing, however. We could hear full conversations from the hallway and the adjoining rooms as if they were in our own room, and there is no possible way to close the doors quietly.   The real frustration came with the service, however. We had requested a crib on our reservation, but it wasn't in the room when we arrived. Called down to the front desk, and they said they'd send one up. Someone shows up...with a teapot...back down for the crib, all while I'm trying to entertain an overtired baby. …",Date of stay: September 2014,2.0
1310,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1310-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Good Location, average service","I stayed here for one night last Saturday whilst on a weekend trip to London, we arrived at 10:30am on Sat to drop our bags off before heading out and were pleasantly surprised that we were able to check in which saved us having to do so after a day in London. Room was on second floor at end of the corridor, was nothing special but had everything we needed had we not redeemed points for this stay and had been paying I would have been very disappointed and asked to be moved! We decided to eat in the Terrace Bar & Grill as had been out all day and cannot fault the food or cocktails, however as SPG members we were entitled to 10% off the bill but as we did not have our card with us the waitress advised she would just check with reception however 15 minutes later she was serving…",Date of stay: August 2014,3.0
1311,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1310-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","DUMP - dreadful service, do not stay here","I have heard excellent reviews of this hotel from a friend. I also have a Starwood Preferred Guest gold status.  When I checked in the reception staff were lovely.  However the room was dreadful. Small, internal, smelly, air con didn't work, opposite the lift. AWFUL.  I went down to the reception as I had requested a quiet room on the booking.  I was offered an alternative twin bed room, which was unacceptable. The Duty Manager was not very helpful initially. His attitude was awful. He indicated that as I had booked through Last Minute. com that I was not entitled to a decent room.  I did receive a different room, which was ok. It still smelt of damp and the bathroom was dirty and the walls are very thin so you can hear the neighbours.  I would not recommend this hotel.",Date of stay: September 2014,1.0
1312,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1310-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Good hotel, great location","As loyal Starwood members my wife and I always try to stay in a property in the SPG program. We've tried the Shewraton Palace, the W Picadilly and the Le Meridien. The Le Meridien wins hands down.  While the Sheraton offers impressive luxury and great views (on the high floors) the Le Meridien's location can't be beat, and the service is excellent. The hotel is an easy walk to the shows in Picadilly Circus and Trafalger Square, and is a reasonable walk all the way to Parliament and Big Ben. Like most of London it's on the pricey side, but definitely a good relative value. Recommend breakfast in the very cool old dining room.",Date of stay: April 2014,4.0
1313,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1310-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Awful waste of money,"I stayed her for one night as I was working late / starting early the next day. I can't remember the cost of the room (company account) but I am really glad I wasn't paying for it as I'd be even more disappointed had I. I had specifically asked for a quiet room. So, I found myself next to a lift shaft (noisy, obviously) and in a room about as big as a double bed with some room to walk around it. The AC worked in the sense that I could here / feel air come out of it but it wasn't cooling. Although a relatively midl night the room was uncomfortable hot. I opened the window which made matters even worse as the road noise (cars, drunks, sirens) went on it seemed all night. Great location but think really seriously about staying here unless you are a really deep sleeper who doesn't…",Date of stay: August 2014,1.0
1314,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1310-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great hotel,I am staying at the Meridien Piccadilly in London. My favorite hotel in London. Good mix between business and tourist place. Friendly staff. Great beds. Great location for running (Hyde Park). And good not over the top breakfast. Must have been there over 20 times. Never a disappointment.,Date of stay: September 2014,5.0
1315,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1315-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Weekend Stay,"Went down for the weekend to catch a musical. Can't fault the location, service was excellent, plenty choices at breakfast which set us up for the day. Only downside is in my opinion it's rather expensive for what you get, however I'll be keeping an eye out for late deals as I would stay here again.",Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
1316,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1315-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent location. Excellent sleep quality.,"Hotel is very centrally located for shopping, sight-seeing and theatres. Beds are wonderful, and with surprisingly no noise from the street, you sleep like a child. Wonderful staff, although concierge and door men could have been more friendly. Hotel hold cards for free admission to Tate Museums, very useful.",Date of stay: August 2014,5.0
1317,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1315-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Nice hotel,"Me and a friend have a afternoon tea here and the hotel looked smashing.. Nice and clean, the staff looked very professional. The restaurant staff was not very attentive we waited 20 mins to be served. But the food was very nice. I would recommend anyone to come here. There is as great range of different afternoon with G&T or champagne or just tea and wide variety of different teas. Wonderful afternoon!! ",Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
1318,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1315-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Good location, nice rooms with a W style touch","Nice hotel just off Picadilly Circus - in process of refurbishment so clearly a great place if you stay in one of new rooms - modern and design, with a great well imagined bathroom. Avoid the lounge (noisy as just over the lobby and with limited choice) for a full blown breakfast on the second floor  - great and with large choice.",Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
1319,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1315-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Location but that's it,"Stayed here for 3 nights. We had 2 rooms - a twin and a triple.   The twin room was rather small, but the triple was much bigger with a sofa bed as well. Both rooms are old and dated. Well equipped with the usual amenities like tea & coffee making facilities, hair dryer and safes. However, the rooms need serious refurbishment and upgrading. The doors are chipped and finishings are wearing off.   I found the service not particularly attentive. The hotel seems to hire foreigners to work in the hotel, non native English speakers who don't seem to be very well trained in either the language or hospitality. Does not seem to give guests that reassurance.   Don't get me started on driving to the hotel. There is no parking nearby at all, other than road side parking. The ""nearest"" multi…",Date of stay: August 2014,3.0
1320,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1320-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great Location,"The major advantage of this hotel is its great location; access to the underground, and walking distance to numerous attractions and theatres.  The staff were really pleasant and helpful when needed.  We had ""classic"" rooms on the 4th floor.  They were on the small side, a bit dated and need of some updating, but overall, they were nice, they were clean and everything in them worked.  Breakfast was included with our room package, and it was an above average offering of the usual breakfast buffet stuff, though getting a refill on our coffee and tea in the morning always seemed a challenge.  We got a decent deal on the rooms (by central London standards that is), and combined with the outstanding location, if we were to get a similar deal would definitely stay here again. …",Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
1321,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1320-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Not quite up to par!,"Booked on a well known 'top secret' hotel site as a last minute weekend away.  Was very surprised at great rate when info came through on hotel. Although, a great location it just didn't live up to its billing and I would have been very disappointed had we paid the full rate.  Room was rather tired and the bathroom had what almost looked like a tie died bath, it was so stained! However, it was roomy, clean (despite the bath!) and comfortable. We decided to eat at the hotel and had a lovely meal and the service was excellent.  Not sure I would bother with breakfast if we stayed again - just can't eat enough to justify the cost! Although what was available was very good.  All in all a good base for the price we paid, would probably go back but not if paying regular rates.",Date of stay: July 2014,3.0
1322,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1320-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Don't miss the underground spa,"Of course the location is great, and the the indoor pool and spa are one of the most unique and relaxing you could imagine. The breakfast is luxurious and offers fresh exotic fruits that feels like it was brought from Organic landscapes in South America just a moment a go. And it used to be my favorite hotel in the past. But then every time we came it started to feel older, smelly rooms with old carpets, broken staff, noisy appliances in the room, or broken staff. The prices however stayed the highest. So we moved on.",Date of stay: September 2013,3.0
1323,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1320-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",A fantastic location,This hotel is very well located in order to visit the many attractions and also has a underground station at the corner.  The hotel staff is very courteous.  My only negative issue is that the complimentary lobby wifi is very slow and that at breakfast one morning I took ages to be seated.,Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
1324,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1320-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Great location. Dated, dark property","One cannot argue with the location.   The hotel itself it in an older ""quaint"" building. Its dark inside but could do with some better illumination. Same applied to the room.  Lounge was decent. Staff was fine.",Date of stay: March 2014,3.0
1325,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1325-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",We may go there again but only for his location nothing else,"The hotel outside looks ancient, classic and huge, but when we entered we found the lobby is so modest and not too much elegant, the first problem we met was that there is no parking in front of the hotel and the taxi driver had to stop in a street beside and we carried our luggages to the hotel, we stayed there for nine days, our room was perfect, it marked as "" for preffered guest "", it was large, clean and has two bathrooms, but the furniture was too old except the bed was modern style, so I think all the hotel need refurbishment to update the interior design of the whole hotel to be in a harmony, the great thing in this hotel is its location, it is perfect, and all what you need is surrounding, piccadily square, Regent st., bus stations, underground, coffe shops,…",Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
1326,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1325-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",This hotel did not meet my expectations,"Although it was not all that bad, Le Meridien Piccadilly did not meet my expectations. I give my overall rating based on similar hotels I stayed at the same price range. The hotel is located in the centre and within walking distance of mayor attractions like restaurants, bars & pubs, musea, shopping streets and Big Ben. The staff was friendly and the room was relatively clean. Plus the hotel offered some extras, like umbrellas or a car service to the airport. Unfortunately they charge for internet access while it should be standard for a €350+ per night hotel. After a word with and email to the manager on duty, the charge was removed from the bill, but still, ... Our room was dark, very small and the bathroom even smaller. Not very convenient for two people and hardly room to…",Date of stay: May 2014,3.0
1327,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1325-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",The Hotel needs an serious refurbishment,"Like other reviews on this Meridien, location of the is indeed a major asset. Then again, so are many hotels in many location London when Subway is so convenient and everywhere.  Compares to other Meridien properties in Asia, the one in London is really OLD and really not worth the price. It needs an upgrade.  SPG Platinum member only given an upgrade to a slightly bigger room which is quite disappointing. That's probably because Piccadilly area is packed with tourists. IF you needs to clock night, then it is unavoidable. IF you are not SPG members, save your $$ and go somewhere newer and better in London.",Date of stay: July 2014,2.0
1328,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1325-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",EXCELLENT LOCATION IS JUST ONE AMENITY OF MANY,"Centrally located in London for shopping, sightseeing, and nearby restaurants.  Helpful, friendly staff, especially one doorman who greeted us by name, when returning to the hotel.  Very close to the Picadilly Circus station for tube access to other areas of the city.  Our room, #219, had a king-size bed and was large, considering European standards.  Bath towels are hung on a towel warmer in the large bathroom.  A small refrigerator housed beverages, not complimentary, of which we did not partake   The view from our room looked out into the office building next door, so we kept our curtains closed when we were in the room.  In-room Wi-fi charges apply, but it's available in the lobby at no charge.  One drawback I found was that there was no electrical outlet in the bathroom for…",Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
1329,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1325-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",IN THE HEART OF THE CITY,"The location of this hotel is its biggest asset. As a tourist, it doesn't get better than this. Situated at Piccadilly, it is a five minute walk from the Theater District at Leicester Square. It is a convenient five minute walk to the shopping streets of Regent/Oxford and Bond Streets. Green Park, Hyde Park, Buckingham Palace, Big Ben are all within walking distance. One can watch late night theater and just walk to the hotel. The Piccadilly Circus tube station is also next door. There are multiple pub/bar and restaurant choices in the vicinity to pick from.  The hotel staff is extremely efficient, courteous and helpful. Their services are top notch. Breakfast is a huge and delicious spread with quite a variety.The rooms are really small and cramped. Even though we had a deluxe…",Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
1330,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1330-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great location for sightseeing in London,"Our family of 5 spent 2 nights at the Le Meridien.  It is a great location for walking to many of the major sights -- Buckingham Palace, London Eye, Parliament, etc.  It is also close to the Fortnum and Mason store which sells wonderful food and tea. (Fortnum and Mason has a ""deli"" from which we purchased food to bring back to the hotel for dinner one evening.) The rooms were comfortable and the staff helpful.  I was pleased that the hotel offers a family plan (buy one room and get the second at half price.)  I definitely recommend the Club Level rooms, giving access to the Club Lounge.  It proved to be a great benefit between sightseeing trips around the city.  I would stay there again during my next trip to London.",Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
1331,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1330-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Good location.,"The hotel is in an excellent location only feet away from Piccadilly Tube station.  The door greeted us in a friendly way and the receptionist Pablo was also friendly and helpful.  The room was small and on the 9th floor, directly under the external air conditioning unit which loudly hummed away all night. There was also wallpaper peeling off the wall in the bathroom near the slopping window.  We ate in the Terrace Restaurant before going to see a show. The waitress had no sense of hurry about the service and were quite abrupt, except for Marta.  The staff at breakfast were rushed off their feet and seemed unfriendly.  It became a joke over the weekend to see if we could meet 5 members of staff who were friendly... in the end this was achieved by the porter Mark and the Sunday…",Date of stay: August 2014,3.0
1332,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1330-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great Spot!,"This Hotel is located in an ideal location near many sightseeing attractions and landmarks.  One of the best things about it is its proximity to Piccadilly Circus, where many shops and theaters are located.  They are very accommodating.  We had one standard room with two people in it (which was very cramped) and another larger room with three in it (still cramped).  We expressed our feelings about the room that night.  The next day they gave us two much larger rooms.  Both had separate ""living room"" areas and sleeping areas.",Date of stay: July 2014,5.0
1333,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1330-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Ideal location.,"This hotel is situated ideally for sightseeing, shopping, eating, you name it. The hotel itself is luxurious and the staff polite and attentive. I can recommend it. Ideal for theatregoers too, as situated in the heart of theatreland.",Date of stay: September 2013,5.0
1334,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1330-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Good value for a great location.,"London is quite expensive and finding a good hotel centrally located is a challenge.  This one for the bill. It's a bit dated and rooms a bit small, but the staff are first rate, the location is perfect for hitting many ""must sees"" on foot, and the price was comparatively decent.  ",Date of stay: July 2014,4.0
1335,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1335-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Everything was 5* but the room,This hotel is in a very good location right next to Piccadilly. Both bars were nice and the staff were friendly. The only downside was the rooms I just felt it wasn't the standard you would expect for £250 a night. Spa was enjoyable but the jacuzzi was shut for maintenance. ,Date of stay: July 2014,3.0
1336,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1335-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Amazing wedding night,"We had our cousins wedding there and it is a great venue! Ballroom is beautifully decorated, food was excellent and service fantastic! Night didn't just finished there, we moved to the bar and they had really great selection of rum cocktails, which my girlfriend loved! Barman  ( Ignazio?)  had a story to tell almost about every single spirit they have there.... To describe it in few words - great location and fantastic breakfast!",Date of stay: July 2014,5.0
1337,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1335-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",a solid city hotel,"Excellent location for business and tourism...  Check in is a process... I guess we are never going to get a personalised name using hotel, the numbers of customers are just too big for the hotel to bother...  its super irritating to be a room number... I have a name... I really do! Breakfast is good, though the service is a bit basic and appears understaffed...  All in all a good city hotel with a nice room 637 but no view unless you stand on your tiptoes and peer over the balcony. Would recommend",Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
1338,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1335-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",A WAY better option than the Sheraton,"All the SPG hotels (Sheraton, Le Meridien, & W) have great locations so you certainly can't go wrong on that front.  You are close to the action where ever you stay.  However with that said the quality of the assets is where you can get fooled.  Since I have already explained why you shouldn't stay at the Sheraton  in a separate review I want to tell you why you should feel comfortable about staying here.  As I said before the location is outstanding.  The check in is usually a bit better manner than their other hotels. I don't know why but check in here has been a lot smoother.  The lobby is better organized and the concierge, bell stand, and check in are all within 30 feet of one another.  I also think the staff take a bit more pride in their work as they were all very…",Date of stay: July 2014,4.0
1339,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1335-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Good Trip with Kids,"We stayed in the family room which had 2 queen beds. The neighborhood was amazing, our room which was on the top floor was quiet and the kids loved the indoor pool in the basement. The gym,,,was amazing - full of great equipment for lifting weights and doing other things. The maid service was great and they did a great job! This wasn't the highest tier hotel or anything, but it wasn't overpriced and I think provided us a good value, clean room, amazing location and great for our kids!",Date of stay: July 2014,4.0
1340,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1340-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Unbeatable Location, Excellent Hotel","First visit to Le Meridien - being a SPG gold member was allocated a very nice club room on the 2nd floor. It had high ceiling and a large window overlooking Regent stret which was very nice. Location is superb - close to 2 underground stations and the bus station is just out front.  The club room is great if you have kids because the sofa bed extends to become a full size bed so no extra charges. The only drawback is the club facilities in my opinion. It's rather small and not enough tables at peak hours. The spread for breakfast is also rather thin and I would expect slightly better. Overall, we will return as the location is simply unbeatable.",Date of stay: July 2014,4.0
1341,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1340-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great Stay!!,"This beautiful hotel is centrally located and great for the traveler who would like to see the sights.  My husband, myself, and our 13 year old son walked all over the city for 2 days and had a wonderful time!  We loved the blend of traditional and modern decor.  The club lounge was well stocked and well staffed. The beds were super comfortable - in fact this was the easiest transition we have ever made to a new time-zone, and we travel 2-5 months out of the year.  Fabulous experience.  We will return!",Date of stay: June 2014,5.0
1342,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1340-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Sunday Lunch,"Fantastic Sunday Lunch, food was amazing, the Prosecco flowed, and the staff were attentive but not in your face - would recommend this to all to try.  The live music was an added bonus, again, not too loud, just perfect",Date of stay: August 2014,5.0
1343,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1340-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Le Meridien treats you like royalty,"Second visit to Le Meridien in London.  This trip was a milestone birthday for me.  We were upgraded to an beautiful executive suite as Platinum members.  On my birthday we came back to find a tray with 3 birthday desserts and Happy Birthday written in icing on the tray.  When I went back to the bedroom, I was surprised to find balloon all over the bed.    This is a great place to stay.  The hotel has a wonderful staff, great location, and great lounge for SPG members.  We were in walking distance of theatres, Buckingham Palace, Thames, Hyde Park, and Harrad's.  I wish I could return every year to London and stay here.  Thanks to the staff.",Date of stay: July 2014,5.0
1344,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1340-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Excellent location, some areas for improvement","Excellent location close to a number of attractions, theathers, restaurants, and pubs.  Nice and spacious rooms and nice treatment of SPG guests.  In-room air-conditioning is noisy. Concierge service needs some upgrade.   Nice bar with slow service.  For this kind of property a good fitness and pool.  Internet was slow but free (maybe due to SPG Upgrade).",Date of stay: July 2014,4.0
1345,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1345-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",One of the worst hotel experiences ever!,"I have stayed at this property several times.  But not in the last three years.  The property had gone down hill.  Not only is it run down but the staff is awful.  Our reservation, which was paid six months in advance, was screwed up.  And the first room they but us in had broken air conditioning, a broken phone and no toilet paper holder.  Could be the worst Starwood property in the world.  Stay elsewhere. The staff is well trained is saying meaningless ""I'm sorry.""",Date of stay: July 2014,1.0
1346,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1345-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Friendly genuinely helpful staff and first class stay,"We were made to feel genuinely welcome here, from being met at the front door and reception by Lorenzo and Elvis to the health spa staff.  Service is first class but not intrusive with European feel which we liked.  Room was quiet and extremely comfy (good air con which we needed as it was warm weather).  Great base for being close to National Gallery, shops and Piccadilly itself.  I have stayed at few 5 star hotels that have not measured - this did and I would come back.",Date of stay: July 2014,5.0
1347,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1345-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Inferior concierge & services for expense,"The facilities are nice for a chain hotel, though rooms are very small. Concierge service is useless for getting tickets and making arrangements so plan on doing everything yourself. The extras are witheringly expensive: Wi-Fi is £25 for a DAY. Brunch is £28 PER PERSON. ",Date of stay: July 2014,2.0
1348,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1345-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Wonderful Hotel near many attractions in London,"The hotel is very centrally located near Piccadilly in London and there is a tube stop right outside of the hotel making it very easy to get around the city from the hotel.  I spent one night here in July and had a very nice stay.  The check-in was very efficient and the person helping me was very nice.  My room was well appointed and very larger by European standards.  The bathroom was very large as well and the a/c worked very well in the room.  The bed was comfortable, and they room had a charging station for my computer and other electronic devices.  The internet in the room worked very well.  My room did not have  a view, but it was fine.  I needed help getting to the city airport early in the morning for a flight and the concierge was very helpful in letting me know my…",Date of stay: July 2014,4.0
1349,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1345-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",SPG Loyalists - Skip The Park Lane Sheraton and Stay here!,"If you are an SPG Loyalists looking for a hotel near Green Park / St James Church / Piccadilly area, this is your hotel!  Walk a couple extra blocks and you have a MUCH better hotel than the Park Lane, better / more frequent SPG upgrades, a well stocked SPG Lounge with Free Continental Breakfast for Gold/Platinum Guests and a bustling neighborhood full of shops and restaurants.    The rates can be higher than the Park Lane so keep an eye on them and rebook to lower rate when/if they become available.",Date of stay: June 2014,4.0
1350,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1350-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Exceptional Service,"We stayed here for one night on Business and the Service here made the stay exceptional. We often travel with our small dog and the Hotel were extremely welcoming and helpful, really making an effort to meet our needs.   The hotel has an excellent location in the heart of Piccadilly; step out of the hotel and there is an abundance of places to explore.  The interior of the hotel is modern and pleasing. It was always a pleasure to enter the lobby to a lovely scent. Our suite was spacious and clean with all the amenities one would need. The bed was incredibly comfortable and we were only sad that we would not be staying longer.  Perfect location, perfect service, perfect hotel in the heart of Piccadilly. ",Date of stay: July 2014,5.0
1351,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1350-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, a nice stay but not quite the luxury advertised","It's a better example of the Sheraton Group, certainly much better than my previous night's accommodation. It is very well located, the room was nice and large, the bed very comfortable but lacking the feather pillows. The hollow fill are always the same. One isn't enough, two is too many. I slept with a towel under a single pillow. The room was well appointed with mains sockets and USB ports, but alas none by the bed. The staff were very courteous, but I had to revise the bill on check out. A breakfast was added when i hadn't been anywhere near the restaurant because of a stomach bug. It's nice, rather expensive but I'm not sure it's really worth the cost.",Date of stay: July 2014,3.0
1352,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1350-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Stay here,"A great location, wonderful lobby and public spaces.  Rooms on the smaller size but not unexpected in the heart of London. The biggest surprise is the most amazing pool and fitness area.  Guest service is a little uneven, sometimes a little rough around the edges.",Date of stay: July 2014,4.0
1353,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1350-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Position Unbeatable ....,"The position of this hotel is unbeatable , so close to everywhere. Revisited after a few years, before it became Starwood, I found it less French. The morning breakfast was a disappointment compared to the French days, the positioning of the items obstructed the open air feeling. Quality of food mediocre.The staff in every department were a bit aloof and were just executing their duties, I bet they can do better than that. The bar offers very good choices, it is warm but needs to operate at least one more hour at night. The rooms are very clean and spacious for London standards. Concierge offered choices when we asked for certain restaurants but just gave up when we couldn't find our choices, a good concierge must be trying to offer alternatives with a genuine smile. All and…",Date of stay: March 2014,3.0
1354,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1350-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Location Primo, Service Not Their Strong Suit!","This was our family's second visit to London and also our second stay at the Le Meridien Piccadilly. We are SPG gold and we use our points to stay at the hotel.  Its location on Piccadilly near all the theatres, Regent and Oxford streets and the easy access to an underground station are the reasons we came back this time around.  The hotel is nothing special at all.  The rooms we stayed in this time and last are very small and have nothing special beyond a heated towel bar.  The staff, including the front desk personnel and concierges, are barely helpful at all.  In both our visits, we never saw staff members smile or seem happy at all. They seem to have a job to do and nothing more.  If SPG had more choices of hotels in London, we would look to switch choices but the Le…",Date of stay: July 2014,3.0
1355,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1355-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Location, Location, Location","This hotel could be no. 1 in London.  You can't be more central than a minute away from Piccadilly Circus.   I just checked out today, I was there for 4 nights. Let's begin with the positives. The room size is good for central London.  The room was soundproof. On my first night there was a thunderstorm, I heard nothing! The fact that I am a SPG gold member got me free wifi in the room. I could have had two other special offers but at £15 a night for wifi. this was a good deal.  The room is well appointed, nice touches, USB charge socket, shortbread, bottles of water in the room, all appreciated. Now to my grievances.  I called in-room dining at 11.05pm to be told only sandwiches could be provided. I queried this because in the room it mentions pastas and other dishes, but I was…",Date of stay: July 2014,4.0
1356,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1355-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Refused to allow registration,"This is meant to be 5 star hotel, I would question this, the bedroom was adequate spa / swimming pool, was good: Mainly because of there policy: I booked the hotel for my daughter on the Friday and my wife and I to join her the following day: They refused to let my daughter check in until I rang them, convinced them that I had booked it for her. Sorted ( my daughter is 23 and doesn't have a credit card) They insisted that she had to leave a deposit of £100.00 they wouldn't except her debit card, so sent her out to get £100.00 cash from a cash point!! ( the rooms were fully paid for) btw: The following day my wife arrived before me, once again they refused to let her sign in and would contact me!! She had to wait 4 hours for me to turn up and sign us in: Once again refused point…",Date of stay: July 2014,2.0
1357,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1355-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",too posh for prices,"me and my daughter stayed here for 2 nights after being let down the day before by a different hotel, so a bit of a last minute booking. The hotel is in a great location, it has a beautiful clean entrance with very friendly door staff. The room we stayed in (302) was very tasteful which is what i expected, 2 single beds, safe, minibar with no prices for anything, iron, hairdryer etc. one of the lifts were out of order so could be stood awhile waiting for the other. We were asked if we would like breakfast to which i kindly declined due to surroundings i expected it to be over priced as it has been confirmed in other reviews. The cards in the room with a menu attached didn't have prices on either so didn't want to chance ordering anything. i don't want to presume this hotel is…",Date of stay: July 2014,4.0
1358,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1355-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great food,Food - The good was amazing! Very tasty and well presented. You have loads Of choices  Ambiance - it's classy. I love it  Staff - delivers high quality of customer services. Very approachable  Prices - not bad. Affordable. ,Date of stay: August 2013,4.0
1359,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1355-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Nice and well located hotel,"This hotel is well located in London and close to Piccadilly Circus (5 minutes walk). The ambience is very interesting at night.   Rooms are pretty good and service is also pretty good.   If you plan to visit London using the Tube (subway), this hotel is very appropriate since on the Piccadilly line that can also bring you to Heathrow Airport. It is also at a 10 minutes subway ride to the Waterloo Train station (one of  London's major train station).   ",Date of stay: July 2014,4.0
1360,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1360-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Happy Stay,"First things first. The negative reviews on this site made my heart sink when I discovered this was the hotel i'd got through one of lastminute.com's top secret hotel deal.   Second thing to note:  There's nothing wrong with this hotel for the price I paid.  I don't know that I would pay the list price though. The staff were friendly and courteous; even the trainee staff, though nervous, were pleasant and engaged with clients. We received an upgrade on the room booked (lovely) and it was a fine size for central London, clean, up to date decor. The bathroom was a little tired style wise, but in a good state of repair and clean. We used it as a base for a night out around soho and it's in a great location for wandering around central london. If the hotel management were having…",Date of stay: July 2014,3.0
1361,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1360-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great location but not a great value ,"Spent 4 days here with my two teenagers.  It was our first time in London so I wanted to stay in a central location.  It was the perfect location for us first-timers.  The doormen were very helpful with directions and getting cabs.   The room was clean but much smaller than I had expected for a suite.  A standard room at Disneyworld is much larger than what we got here.  The continental breakfast in the lounge was good but there was not much variety, considering this class of hotel.   Also, the elevators were not all working - a major annoyance.   The next time I go to London I will probably check out some other hotel options first.  However I would not be opposed to staying here again",Date of stay: July 2014,3.0
1362,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1360-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent Hotel & Location!,"We stayed at the Le Meridien Piccadilly for 5 nights.  We had a great tine, the staff were excellent & attentive.  The location of the hotel is fantastic, accessible by the Tube & walking distant to lots tourist attractions.",Date of stay: July 2014,5.0
1363,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1360-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great location but old,"I stay in this hotel quite often as its location is perfect for a shopping/sight seeing base when in London. A few tips about this hotel: -SPG platinum members will most likely find a hard time upgrading last minute because it is VERY busy and always has SPG members in it  -The rooms vary, some are large some are small, the bathrooms are old in some of the rooms, however it is very comfortable  -Internet is expensive, but that's everywhere in London, except a few smaller hotels  -TRY THE ROOM SERVICE BURGER, very very very good!!!!  -Friendly staff   Overall it is a good hotel, location and comfort wise!",Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
1364,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1360-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","excellent property, location & staff","Just returned from a weekend at Le Meridien.  Had a great time!  The room (614) was spacious, had a beautifully comfortable bed and a few lovely touches.  Housekeeping were great and everything was clean to the last detail.  The staff were professional and a pleasure to interact with, memorably Fanny on Reception was great.  The property couldn't be anywhere better.    My only problems were (seemingly the same as other reviewers) the cost of Breakfast.  We took Breakfast in the room on our first night.  At £27 each this was really rather steep and you don't get much for your money!! (2 x sausages (albeit lovely ones); a small pot of beans; a square cut out of toast and a bit of scrambled egg with some USA style bacon; juice and a coffee).  Comparable properties sell breakfast…",Date of stay: July 2014,4.0
1365,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1365-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Modern Hotel in an Historic Location,"Just a few steps from historic Piccadilly, this hotel is lovely.  The staff were professional and helpful, the rooms spacious, clean and comfortable.  The small bar/club downstairs was fun, and the breakfast buffet was more than adequate.  I missed the traditional turn-down service and new, fresh towels that are usually offered at 5 star hotels.  Location is the key to this hotel's success.",Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
1366,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1365-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Fantastic night away!,"Lovely hotel, in a great location. We wanted somewhere nice to stay, close enough to walk to a show in the West End. We found the staff, the facilities, the rooms and the bars nothing short of first class! Weill definitely be staying again! ",Date of stay: July 2014,5.0
1367,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1365-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Internet Rip off,"In this day and age of free internet in cafes, hotels and almost everywhere the charge of $30 a day for internet in one's room in an expensive hotel like the Le Meridien Piccadilly takes the cake.  Yes, there is free wifi in the lobby but it is like a busy railway station and the few seats taken up by people working on tablets and lap tops. Best to go to one of the coffee shops all around. Breakfast is cheap in these places and it comes with free wifi! The hotel has a good location- the only thing really going for it. Rooms are average, service friendly but nothing more than you would expect from a five star hotel. At most five star hotels there is also a turn down service and fresh towels in the evening. In three days did not have anything like this.",Date of stay: June 2014,3.0
1368,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1365-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",No recognition of SPG Platinum; mixed-ability staff on front desk,"I've stayed here a couple of times on business in recent months and I find the hotel to be a mixed experience.  On the one hand, it is very clean and modern-looking.  The location is great.  The bedrooms are reasonably-sized (but nothing special).  The club is acceptable (although a bit small) and the breakfast has a good selection.  On the other hand, I found the front desk staff to be of mixed ability.  There is always a queue to check in, and rarely do the staff voluntarily mention that there is another front desk in the next room (even when the queues get quite long).  There was no recognition of SPG platinum, either in welcome or in room upgrades (which I maybe received once in the past five stays).  I hate asking for an upgrade (being English, it makes me feel a bit dirty)…",Date of stay: July 2014,4.0
1369,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1365-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",not great...,"My husband and I have stayed at this hotel a ton...him for business and the two of us for pleasure.  It's always proved to be a good location and comfortable - not to mention Starwood points.  But I doubt we will stay here again.  The ""starwood preferred"" room we were put in originally was so small - we asked to be moved - we got moved to a bigger room, but with a bathroom that makes the Days Inn look nice and a toilet that did not work.  Customer service is lacking now to say the least....and this is for a person who has stayed 100 nights at a starwood hotel in a year.",Date of stay: July 2014,2.0
1370,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1370-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Convenient Location,I'm do not like staying in time squares in NY- well that's what this is like. That is not the hospitals fault.  But could become more modern to suit the neighbourhood.  The staff was over the top nice and helpful. Expect Nicolas at the reception desk. He did speak to me but managed to give me displeasing looks all weekend.  I had no problem with my room like others have stated. I wish that hotels that boast 5 stars would Internet for free but no that was only for the lobby. At. 18£ a drink in the bar you can surely make up for free internet.  My room did smell musty when I first arrived.  I probably won't stay again but only because I want to be somewhere not so crowded with tourists. I know that is a hard one to come by In london.   ,Date of stay: June 2014,4.0
1371,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1370-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great location,"You can't beat the location close to everything. The rooms are small and tired, but London is not a place where you want to sit in your hotel room. The staff are excellent and try to help were ever posable. I always try to stay there when I'm in London. ",Date of stay: June 2014,3.0
1372,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1370-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great location,"The best thing about this hotel is its location. You can take a short walk and be at the tube, Buckingham Palace, Mall, Picadilly etc. This is the the main reason we stayed here. The hotel itself is really dated and could use a serious revamp, specially considering what they charge for the night (although compared to what other London hotels charge I guess it was not that bad). They have a nice bar/lounge with a wide selection of Gin, which my husband and I enjoyed. The bar tenders seemed knowledgeable and made some great suggestions of gins and garnishes. We found the staff to be very nice overall, but where a little put off by some of the staffs poor English skills which somethimes made it hard to communicate at all (specially considering that this is a hotel in England you…",Date of stay: June 2014,3.0
1373,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1370-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, needs a serious revamp","We've stayed here many times. This hotel's biggest asset is its location in Piccadilly: a quick stroll to the Mall, Buckingham Palace, Green Park, the National Gallery, the Royal Academy, Regent St shopping, the arcades off Picccadilly, Saville Row, etc.  The hotel feels it's age and does need a serious revamp in the accommodation rooms, though the beds remain large and comfortable which is worth a lot to regular travellers and ageing backs. Rooms fronting Piccadilly can get noisy. Be careful with ""quiet"" back rooms as you can get one right near the noisy kitchen exhausts of adjacent restaurants. Bathrooms vary widely depending upon quirks in the design of the original building.  Very helpful front desk man who without demur allowed a change of room soon after we checked in and…",Date of stay: June 2014,3.0
1374,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1370-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Beautiful hotel with a great location for seeing London,We began our 25th anniversary trip at the Le Meridien Piccadilly.  The fantastic staff greeted us with a sweet gesture of a rose petal heart on our bed.  The hotel is gorgeous with the details one would expect from a well appointed building.  The rooms are designed for comfort and are well kept.  We also enjoyed the enclosed roof top terrace for drinks.  It follows the hotels feel of being modern without losing the architectural details of an older building.  We will book a room at the Le Meridien the next time we visit London.,Date of stay: May 2014,5.0
1375,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1375-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great hotel!  great location!,"We stayed at this hotel with our 10 year old son, and everything was perfect!  The hotel restaurant was amazing!  They have a buffet breakfast and really terrific dinners - the chef has a daily tasting menu with wine pairings, and they have great cocktails and a good kids menu too.  I had emailed the hotel ahead of time because our son has a food allergy- chef emailed me back personally, and when we arrived, everyone already knew about us!  We had a junior suite and it was very roomy and comfortable for the 3 of us.  The location is also really great - we were able to walk to Piccadilly Circus, SOHO, Buckingham Palace, Trafalgar Square, and even the London Eye.  Also a short walk to either Piccadilly or Green Park tube stations.",Date of stay: June 2014,5.0
1376,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1375-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Nice hotel but a bit overpriced,"Le Meridien Piccadilly is ideally located just a minute walk from the central Piccadilly line.  The hotel is not quite up to the standards of other Le Meridiens I have stayed at.  The rooms were small which is typical for London.  The beds were comfortable and it was quiet.  The service was mixed.  Some of the staff were very good and others very mediocre.    For over $400/night I expected more.  Had the rooms been more moderately priced, I would have been more satisfied.",Date of stay: June 2014,4.0
1377,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1375-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Exemplary Service; Super Location,We are Starwood a Preferred Guest members so chose Le Meridien because it is in the middle of things we wanted to see and do.   I'm in the architecture field so design is as important as hospitality. The LM building is classically beautiful; the soaring lobby area has black and white marble pattern on the entry floor with 8-10 inch baseboard and crown moulding throughout.  What's neat is that the decor and furnishings are contemporary enough to make the place feel modern and current but not too trendy or edgy.  The mix of old and new styles would be fine for most any guest. Our room is a suite with lots of lite and plenty of room to spread out. We are sharing a room with our 13 year old daughter but the layout allows her to have her own zone. I LUV the king size bed but most of…,Date of stay: June 2014,5.0
1378,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1375-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Location location location,"We stayed for one night to enjoy theatre and london sights. Great base for shopping etc. we got a great deal through lastminute.com ( judging by the prices quoted we paid about half). Bed was big and comfy, room was quiet and clean. room was a bit small with no view but we slept well. Good service.I would say it was great value for what we paid but not sure id be happy to pay circa £300 to stay here. But if you can get a deal, it may not excite but it won't disappoint.",Date of stay: June 2014,4.0
1379,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1375-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Super location, friendly staff, refurbished Bright rooms","I stayed here on a business trip recently so as to be walking distance to the clients office near St James place. The hotel was easy to get to near Piccadilly Circus and there are many restaurants and theatres within easy walking distance. Also fairly close to the National Gallery and Trafalgar Square. The room I got was recently refurbished. Very comfortable, clean, modern and the brightest hotel room I have ever had - the lights were full on unlike most hotel rooms that try to keep things dim. Street noise was a bit of a problem due to late night rev-heads given that I was on the first floor but only on the first night. The club lounge was really nice but they charged for eggs (£7 for two fried eggs). The service was very friendly and professional all round but the biggest…",Date of stay: June 2014,4.0
1380,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1380-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Room with no view - tiny split level room,"Let us start with the positives: location, location, location: bang in the middle of London's shopping and cultural heart. Front desk reception was warm and genuinely welcoming. I was asked whether this was my first ever stay at Le Meridien which I confirmed. Despite that, I was assigned a dingy, quirky room on the 6th floor, with split level floor plan, tiny work space and no other view than that of the sky. Room 634 is right next to staff service corridor. Entrance door kept squeaking and banging all day and all night long. Of course I could have packed up again and ask for another room, but I felt tired after an overnight journey from Africa, just wanted to relax and unwind and catch up with some sleep. My simple lunch order was mixed up and had to get sorted out after I…",Date of stay: June 2014,3.0
1381,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1380-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Good location but...,I stay two days in early June. It is a great and convenience location but nothing more than that. The limited choice for buffet breakfast and ageing furniture around the hotel especially inside the room are not what I am expecting from it. May be it is not fair compare it to Asian hotels but I certainly expecting it to be a lot better than B&B given the price difference. Unfortunately it is not in my case.,Date of stay: June 2014,2.0
1382,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1380-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great location,Stayed here with my daughter for a weekend in London. Amazing location with walking distance to the theater and many dining options. The staff are very helpful and the tube is just blocks away. There are so many shopping options on a Regent and Oxford streets. The rooms are comfortable with wifi.,None,5.0
1383,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1380-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Best Hotel in London,Just finished up our last minute family London getaway with my wife and our 2 girls here.  Quite simply there is no better hotel than Meridien Piccadilly in all of London.  From the personal touch and warmth you get from everyone from the hotel manager to the staff...size of rooms...club lounge...amazing pool...fantastic central London location near everything...this is the best hotel in London.    From check-in to turn-down service Meridien Piccadilly deserves the highest marks and makes your vacation no-stress and very smooth allowing you to truly relax.  Meridien Piccadilly has a plethora of room types that can accommodate everyone from the single business traveler to the larger families of 4+.     And at the end of the day when you arrive back at the hotel for a solid nights…,Date of stay: June 2014,5.0
1384,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1380-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great Location,We chose this hotel because of its location. It's walking distance to a lot of London attractions and very close to the Tubes. The service at the hotel was excellent and everyone was this helpful as they could be. The rooms are extremely comfortable and  in very clean. There was one minor problem that we encountered which was that the one of the elevator on was out of service the 5 days that we stayed here. This only tended to be an inconvenience during high traffic times,Date of stay: March 2014,3.0
1385,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1385-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Amazing!,"We have just returned from a one night stay at Le Meridien. The entire stay was beyond our expectations. the location is central and close to transport links, restaurants, nightlife and theatre. The attention to detail was unbelievable and the service was impeccable.",Date of stay: May 2014,5.0
1386,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1385-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, great staff, great stay","Just back from a weekend in London staying at Le Meridien Picadilly. We had a great stay, Stephanie on the front desk as particularly helpful upon arrival. The location is perfect, opposite Fortnum and Mason and right by Picadilly Circus tube station. The hotel was very clean, room was nice and spacious, with a comfortable bed. Would highly recomend.",Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
1387,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1385-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","EXCELLENT Quality, Service & Location","this was my fifth stay at this property, few good things i like about staying at this property is, they accommodate early checkin for you, their location is fantastic, the property is all re-furbished, room are quiet, modern though sizes are descent….location of this property is very central, couldn't have been better…perfect must say….hospitality is warm, quick responsive staff, friendly concierge, ready for help for almost anything….i love this property and strongly recommend to peeps who wanna visit london and be central….",Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
1388,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1385-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Fantastic location and great stay,"The location is ideal, just in picadilly! That makes this hotel perfect for a shopping weekend ^_^ the room had a good size with a nice and complete bathroom. Easy and quick check in and check out.   Ps, bring your bikini as they have a swimming pool! ",Date of stay: May 2014,5.0
1389,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1385-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Perfect!!,"Staying in London was a treat for my finances 30th and after reading some reviews was slightly worried but we really couldn't fault it!   Beautiful building, lovely spa, perfectly clean and the staff could not do enough for us. The spg lounge was also fab. Free drinks all day, breakfast in the morning, canapés in the evening and loved the afternoon tea touch in the afternoon!   The best thing about this hotel has got to be the location. You walk straight out into Piccadilly Circus and we quite easily walked to Trafalgar Square, Downing Street, Houses of Parliament, oxford street etc etc. Our window looked out over Regent Street and we could see Piccadilly Circus. Having said that the noise from the street was no were near enough to interrupt our sleep as some other guests said…",Date of stay: June 2014,5.0
1390,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1390-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Perfect location,"Probably my tenth stay, but first review. A spacious junior suite, use of the excellent club lounge and a really decent meal in the restaurant made this a memorable visit. In the end it's all about location, and that doesn't get much better, but the quality of everything here makes the (relatively high) price entirely justifiable. ",Date of stay: May 2014,5.0
1391,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1390-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",My best stay in London,"I have been in this hotel June 2013 in my last trip to London and I have to say I struggled a pitrle to find a hotel in good location and within walking sistance to most London attractions, as an SPG member I of course checked the Meridien Piccadilly as well and found out it was the right choice for me and my family and we were given a Deluxe quad room with Club formula so we could enjoy an afternoon snack and aperitive daily, I habe nothi bad to say on this hotel, location is great, Piccadilly Circus is just opposite as well as many others attractions, Trafalgar square is just a 10 minutes walk and so on of purse rooms prices are accordingly but considering where you are it is not overpriced.",Date of stay: June 2013,4.0
1392,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1390-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Love the location!,Great location. Easy access to many attractions in London. Old hotel but it is OK. Nothing fancy. I was there for business trip. Far from the airport if you use a taxi. Easy access to public transportations. The staff are very nice and helpful.,Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
1393,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1390-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Nice hotel,"Great hotel in a nice location close to everything we need, everything we asked the staff for was delivered in no time at all and with a smile.  Club access is also worth it especially with kids to sit and have a coffee and cake late afternoon for a break or glass of wine and hot snacks. We had Junior Suite on 6th floor which was a great size for our toddler. Everything was great. ",Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
1394,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1390-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Perfect location near everything,"I stay at the Le Meridien Piccadilly when Im in london for a business trip. Its very close to my office. The hotel is in the heart of central London. Next to Piccadilly circus. All the bars and restaurants are walking distance. Rooms are bigger then average London hotels, however they a bit old.  Stayed there for 10 nights and didn't even get an upgrade. (They said I had to pay for it)",Date of stay: February 2014,4.0
1395,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1395-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Comfortable and large room (for London),"Pleasant enough here, there was an attempt to keep the traffic noise quietened with some double glazing. The air conditioning wasn't particularly effective. Wifi was chargeable which I don't think is acceptable these days. Bathroom was not swept after our first night as a transparent bottle lid I had dropped on the floor was still there and coffee was not replenished for night 2. Other than those things it was a quiet stay (in terms of other guests crashing around), it was a perfect spot in the middle of London and the staff were helpful.",Date of stay: May 2014,3.0
1396,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1395-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent location,Not sure how this is a 5 star but I suspect it's based on service. Good concierge.  Lady at check in was a bit rude demanding a passport which when you've travelled from Leeds you don't expect to have to carry! Room was clean but small and nowhere near 5 star standard. Should really include breakfast with the price of the room but never the less plenty of breakfast places nearby given it's location. ,Date of stay: January 2014,4.0
1397,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1395-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",thank god for the wonderful staff otherwise it is not worth even three points as 5 star hotel,"One of the best location for visiting London but that's all about this property when it comes to the quality of stay. As a compensation for rundown hotel, outdated rooms, motel style bathrooms you get a wonderful staff who is trying to make your stay wonderful but there is only so much they can do. This property is definitely not worth the premium price it is offering. As compared to other 5 star properties in London Le Meridien is a joke and I am surprised they get away by naming themselves 5 star hotel. Yes it is right in the center and perfect for exploring London day and night but there are other properties around worth same amount of money but with much superior quality rooms and services. Unless you have got a very good deal on rooms, don’t hesitate to dig a bit deeper and…",Date of stay: May 2014,3.0
1398,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1395-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, very good hotel","I had a three night award stay at this hotel starting last week. It was my first time at the hotel, and our first trip to Europe with our newly minted four year old daughter.    I had booked a Jr. Suite at a higher point level because the rooms either had a pull out sofa bed or had additional space for a roll away. I applied SNA's to the reservation and received confirmation that we had been upgraded to an Executive Suite two or three days before our departure for London.   Upon arrival around 10:00 our room was not ready. We dropped our bags and went up to the lounge to see what it had to offer...not much at that time of the day so we just hit the streets.   Our room was eventually ready around 4:00 when the Plat who had been occupying it checked out.   The room had a small…",Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
1399,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1395-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Poor service in a great location,"Can't beat the location, but management seems to understaff this hotel, and it shows.  Club lounge especially overcrowded and understaffed, and management takes no notice.  Some of the street-facing rooms are understandably noisy, but when we did get switched to another room, it was still street-facing and noisy!   Oh, well...you can walk to many central London attractions, which was a big plus.",Date of stay: February 2014,2.0
1400,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1400-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",A beautiful hotel in the heart of London,The Le Meridien is a haven in the center of London.  Just blocks from some of the biggest attractions that London has to offer.  The staff is professional and attentive and it is a great vacation location for all of your Starwood junkies to burn your points. Great for couples and families alike.,Date of stay: April 2014,4.0
1401,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1400-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent Hotel in the Center of London,"This hotel is in a great location if you want a stylish room near the Westminster landmarks. The interior is attractive and clean, and the staff were very friendly and went out of their way to be helpful. The room was a little small, but reasonable for London.",Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
1402,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1400-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Location, location, location","My wife and I recently stayed at Le Meridian for 5 nights using our SPG starpoints to pay for our stay. Location in west central London area was ideal for our sightseeing purposes. Easy access to the Tube for our departure via Heathrow was also ideal. Our room was fine, although we could not get the television to work, possibly due to our lack of familiarity with the remote, but frustrating nonetheless. We didn't ask the staff for help, though, so can't complain too much about the TV. We didn't go to London to watch TV anyway, right? The room was clean, but had no view of anything but brick walls. Couldn't help but wonder if our room location and view were somehow related to the fact  that we paid by redeeming Starpoints. Boy, am I cynical. Got to work on that. Anyway, this…",Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
1403,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1400-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great stay!!!,"My husband, my son & myself stayed there for 6 nights. We were in London for our son's graduation ceremony. We had a club room which was of a very comfortable size and we really enjoyed our stay. Room, service, courtesy, amenities, cleanliness, restaurant, club lounge, food, gym, location, comfort, everything was great. We enjoyed our stay & had no complaints at all & would definitely stay there whenever we visit London. We strongly recommend this hotel!!!",Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
1404,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1400-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Practical Luxury in Good London Location,Le Meridien in Piccadilly area of London is a solid 4 star probably and a decent value for London. The rooms are very comfortable; the building is a classic structure. The hotel sports a nice health club and has a good restaurant.  I recommend this for a mid-priced London hotel for those traveling on business or for couples looking for a good central location in London.,Date of stay: April 2014,4.0
1405,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1405-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great Atrium dining,"Le Meridien has all the usual attributes of a good London hotel - location, food, rooms etc are all of excellent quality- but it's fairly unique feature is a large atrium dining area which always feels special.  Whether you are staying at the hotel or not, you can dine here and experience the ambience combined with great food.  The bars are great at Le Meridien too! I'd also recommend the club sandwich for a snack and the pool in the spa/gym area is an oasis from the outside world. There is no mobile phone signal down there so you can't be interrupted! All in all, one of my favourite hotels in London",Date of stay: September 2013,5.0
1406,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1405-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great location but...,"We spent there a couple of days during the Easter. Great location but not a 5 star hotel. The hotel needs a big renovation from the inside. Examples: bathroom was already ratty, heating didn't work, they solved it with the external electrical heating body... There is no coffee machine for the breakfast in the restaurant",Date of stay: April 2014,3.0
1407,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1405-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",avoid at all cost,"stayed here for 3 nights at the end of march, did book a junior suite full price and was very surprised to see its was on the attic 9th floor with no direct access from the main lifts and some horrible view to pipes, chimneys, and chicken fence! toiletries were not renewed and the towels were of poor quality  and had to ask for a bathrobe as not in room. breakfast was double charge and had to ask for refund. finally one of the 2 lifts was broke during the 3 days stay.",Date of stay: March 2014,1.0
1408,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1405-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Serious need of updating,Im sorry but the rooms here are all dusty so if you have any dust allergies- stay away or ask for one of the rooms on something like the 1st or 2nd floors looking out to waterstones. These ones have been refurbished to a 4 star standard but at least they feel new and clean not like the rest of the hotel. The biggest plus of this hotel is its location- its very central and easily accessible to soho/ regent street/ covent garden/ bond street. Thats how they get away with their average prices of about 270GBP per night. The service of the Manager was 5 star. Champneys has also clearly had its day and feels more like a public swimming pool than spa area.,Date of stay: December 2013,1.0
1409,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1405-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Brilliant location, refurbishment improvements good and pleasant staff","Biased as we always stay here when staying in central London. You can walk anywhere and have good Tube access. One downside of location is no easy car access: you have to jump out of car or cab very quickly!  Concierge team are all good as are Front Desk staff. One issue is that, as it is always busy, it's often tough to get a room early if you fly in from overseas (even as a Lifetime Platinum). Rooms are variable, but new rooms good but small: some older creaky rooms have great character. Terrace Bar is a nice feature and the pool and health club is great, always empty, but has rude staff. Small Club Lounge can get overcrowded.   But, did I mention LOCATION.? LOCATION!",Date of stay: April 2014,4.0
1410,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1410-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Not Inexpensive, But Worth It","While we have typically rented flats in London for about 70% of the price, Le Meridien Piccadilly is well worth the price for the location, convenience, friendly staff and amenities.  The upcharge for the breakfast/cocktails is incredibly reasonable for what you receive.  Having spent two weeks there in the last two years, we are returning again this July.  I recommend it highly.",Date of stay: May 2013,5.0
1411,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1410-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Not only not a 5* but they do not treat everyone the same.,Excellent location right in the heart of London.  However I was not impressed with the staff.  the Concierge was not helpful felt like I was bother him to the point that the Bell Men came over and helped they where very nice and directed us to some nice spots.  Also when asked for a restaurant suggestions he could not give one. I ended up coming across a restaurant around the corner and came back to give them a card and he said they already new about it and referred people there all the time.  I guess just not me.   It was good for the location and room only for me.  Would not stay again,Date of stay: April 2014,2.0
1412,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1410-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Almost perfect,"Apologies for late review! Stayed here as a late deal as a 'secret hotel' in late october for 2 nights for my boyfriends birthday and a gig we were attending. When i booked i emailed the hotel to see of there was anything they could do re upgrading or wine etc in the room, i had a prompt response saying they would note my request regarding an upgrade and could sort some wine in the room. Wonderful! I emailed to say could i have a wine list to choose what i wanted and never had a response! I let it go as it wasnt important just would have been nice. When we arrived after our check in time we were told our room wasnt ready but the receptionist said shes see of we could have another, few phonecalls and no we couldnt have any room-could we return in an hour? So we decided to leave…",Date of stay: October 2013,4.0
1413,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1410-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Definitely not a 5* hotel.,"Stayed here with my husband and 2 sons (5 & 4 years old) on Easter bank holiday weekend.  We arrived at the hotel at 4pm ready to check in. The room hadn't been cleaned so we had to wait until 6.45 to check in, the girl on reception told us it would only take 40 minutes!!  The hotel bar just off the lobby was lovely and staff very friendly. We all enjoyed breakfast the 3 mornings we were there apart from the very poor service-each morning we had to constantly ask for basic things like coffee, milk, spoons, forks etc. 2/3 mornings there weren't saucers for our cups which we wouldn't expect from a 5* hotel.  The family room was nice and clean, however the bathroom is in desperate need of some attention and seemed only half cleaned. I usually bath the children but had to put them…",Date of stay: April 2014,3.0
1414,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1410-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Excellent location, comfortable stay","Its bang in the center of everything, walking distance from a metro station and bus stop and has many major attractions at walking distance  Comfortable hotel, good service, cozy rooms apart from some minor issues in the bathroom which seem to need an upgrade  Will come again !",Date of stay: April 2014,4.0
1415,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1415-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",London mini break with children 9 & 11,"Room fine apart from cosmetic issues in bathroom (dripping tap, plug not working).  Terrace restaurant service poor and cooked breakfast luke warm.  Service excellent and we will return.  Apparently trip advisor requires me to say more so blah blah blah",Date of stay: April 2014,4.0
1416,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1415-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Location is the best,"Stayed here for one night on Easter weekend. As I am a Platinum SPG member I used my points and also suite upgrade for this stay. I'm happy to say that I was given the suite room.   The hotel is located in Piccadilly which is about 100 yards from Piccadilly Circus tube station. The hotel is on the main road but my room was very good in terms of sound proofing. The lobby area was small for the size of the hotel. On the right is stairs leading to the Club Lounge, and again this area is also quite small.   My suite on was on the 5th floor. There is 2 bathroom, a very big dining table (never understood the point of this), a telly, sofa, and a work station in the lounge. The bedroom is not the biggest I've been in. There is a table, a double wardrobe and the tea/coffee making…",Date of stay: April 2014,4.0
1417,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1415-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Best London hotel in 26 years,"Me and my family are frequent travellers to London and visit at least once a month, we have always stayed in Central London and like to stay in luxury hotels because my husband suffers from Asperger's syndrome and needs hotels to be able to accommodate him with an home from home feeling. When looking to visit London in November 2013 for my husband'a birthday we wanted to stay in an hotel that would not only be our base but would have luxury within the  hotel to make it extra special - I first contacted the hotel direct by telephone and was put through to the manager there, I was assured we could view our room as soon as we arrived at 11am so that my husband could see where he was staying which would help him adjust more easily, we booked through booking.com and we were not…",Date of stay: November 2013,5.0
1418,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1415-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Perfect hotel for location and families.,"If you're looking for a place to stay while vacationing in London, there's no better place than the Le Meridien Piccadilly.  If you have kids, there really is no other place you should stay than this hotel.  I'm a long time member of Starwood and have stayed in a lot of hotels ranging in quality, location, service, and value.  This hotel stands out as one of the few that hits the mark on all of these categories.  I recently stayed at this hotel with my family and a couple of friends which included 4 children (ages 10 months to 6 years), and given the various review ratings I've seen on this hotel, I thought I would provide what I think would be a realistic assessment.  Location - If you're in London for sightseeing, there's no better location.  Almost all of the major sites are…",Date of stay: April 2014,5.0
1419,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1415-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Afternoon Tea- not good for Coeliacs,"Afternoon tea was a bargain and the setting was excellent. They do not do Gluten Free well though so you may wish to avoid if you have Coeliac disease. I've written to them twice to explain about our experience but have not had a reply. For ""normal"" afternoon teas however- go ahead it's lovely! Perfect location too...",Date of stay: March 2014,3.0
1420,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1420-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Good hotel,"Stayed in here for a few nights, very good location and lovley pool and spa facilities. The room was very pleasant and quite modern. The choice for breakfast is fantasitc! The restraunt upstairs is quite expensive but worth the money! Its a perfect choice for a posh weekend in London!",Date of stay: May 2013,5.0
1421,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1420-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Good location,"We have had afternoon teas here before and they've been good value and decided to try this as a hotel for this trip as it is in good proximity to The Strand and Piccadilly.   The check-in was quick and room available before 2pm as I had requested. The room was very small. The was only one bedside table because the space was needed to allow the wardrobe door to open on the other side. Decor was fine, not sure what people mean by ""dated"" in other reviews. I would agree it is dark inside but the building goes back along way compared to its frontage so natural light is going to be at a premium. The room we were in was in good condition and contrasting the bathroom was more spacious than most hotels I've stayed in.  My main grumbles are that having spent £270 advanced discount…",Date of stay: April 2014,3.0
1422,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1420-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great location but average for expensive Starwood,"We stayed there in a Saturday night. The room was rather small, dated and cramped bathroom and had 2 very small windows. Breakfast was excellent and location is great but this place needs a makeover. The corridor to our room was very low. This could be a great hotel but it's not one now",Date of stay: April 2014,3.0
1423,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1420-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","The lovely, gracious Stella made all the difference","I only write reviews when I have something to add.   Stella, the lovely associate at the front desk at Le Meridien, made all the difference.  This is why it's so important to have 'hospitable' people who want and enjoy being in the hospitality business.    I travel a lot, both for business and leisure. and both my husband and I have travelled, worked, and lived in London.  First, let me say, we found ourselves in another Starwood Hotel down the road, that was the worse that we have ever stayed, in the world.  Having planned a birthday celebration weekend, we changed our hotel to Le Meridien. From the beginning, Stella took great care of us. Great rooms (two adjoining for our ourselves and our kids) with amazing light and views from the top. A great bottle of wine for us for the…",Date of stay: April 2014,4.0
1424,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1420-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Not great,"As a Starwood member, we've stayed at numerous hotels. This was one of the worst services that we have seen. The rooms are dated, only several towels no refill on our Kleenex boxes for 2 days!! Great location but would never come back to this particular hotel. ",Date of stay: April 2014,2.0
1425,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1425-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Very bad service,"I have stayed in many starwood hotels around the world, and this has to be the one with the worst service.  This is my second time staying at the hotel, and I was hoping to give it another chance, but the service remains very poor, especially at reception. Good location, rooms were old and slightly run down but big.  However, bad service just spoils everything.  I am never staying here again.",Date of stay: February 2014,2.0
1426,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1425-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely Hotel,"Stayed here when I took my wife to London on a Theatre weekend. Friendly and considerate staff, and excellent facilities, however, be aware there is no on site car parking. We were upgraded to a suite because our room was not yet ready and nothing seemed like too much trouble.",Date of stay: June 2013,4.0
1427,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1425-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Great location and rooms, but with some drawbacks","This hotel is in a fantastic location, adjacent to Piccadilly Circus, and within walking distance of nearly everything:  Parliament, Big Ben, Westminster Abbey, London Eye, Buckingham Palace, and Trafalgar Square.  Plus there are at least 3 tube stations within blocks.  The hotel itself is very nice.  They allowed us an early check-in which we very much appreciated.  The rooms are spacious and well appointed, with wonderful beds, showers, television, and mini-bar.  They had a very nice buffet breakfast which wasn’t included with the room, but we thought was well worth the money.  The bar area was not very nice; they didn’t have many beer and wine selections, and it was very small and dark.  The biggest drawback, and I consider it a major drawback, was their wireless internet. …",Date of stay: March 2014,4.0
1428,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1425-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",A Very Nice Stay,"Le Méridien is conveniently located right in the heart of Piccadilly Circus about 1.5 blocks from the Piccadilly tube station.  The hotel is quite nice and very service oriented.  We stayed on a Club level floor which included, among other things, complimentary continental breakfast, free wi-fi and evening Hors D'oeuvres.  Our King room was quite spacious, with a desk and a walk-in closet.  It was by far the largest hotel room we have had in London.  The rooms are a bit tired-looking and in desperate need of an update, however we had no issues or complaints.  The staff is quite friendly and go out of their way to be helpful.  They have a very nice pool, gym and spa but we did not have an opportunity to make use of them.  The cost is in line with other hotels of this quality and…",Date of stay: March 2014,4.0
1429,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1425-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Comfortable room in a great location,"The staff and service provide exactly what you'd expect from a 5* property.  My room was spacious (with a huge bathroom and a walk-in closet) and comfortable.  The hotel is also in a fantastic location; only a short walk to most west end theaters and near multiple tube stops/lines.    This hotel is a luxurious starting point to explore, sightsee or work in London.",Date of stay: March 2014,4.0
1430,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1430-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Bit disappointed, staff lovely though","I was very lucky to have my boyfriend treat me to two nights in London this week for my birthday. He chose the hotel as he wanted me to experience 5* luxury; however we were both a tad disappointed with the room.   Prior to arrival he had advised the hotel that it was a special occasion and was there any chance of an upgrade or a room with view etc, when we came to check in (we actually came early and the gentleman, whom was very welcoming explained that we couldn't enter the room yet but the concierge would look after our bags etc, we were fine with that, hence couldn't fault service) but he made it seem like it was all under control and our request 'noted with a wink and nod', so we were excited. We are not naive and actually both work in hotels so we know that all requests…",Date of stay: March 2014,3.0
1431,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1430-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Good hotel, excellent location","Stayed for one night on business, glad i chose it (on a good deal - I wouldn't pay the full rate).  Good room, great view, quiet and comfy.  Swimming pool room is quite impressive. There could do with being some info about the hotel in the room.",Date of stay: March 2014,4.0
1432,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1430-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Not a 5 star hotel.  Needs renovation,"This property is definitely not a 5-star hotel. It badly needs renovating/refurbishing.  The rooms are small and not well furnished and could badly use new paint.  The tub is old, not a problem itself but a mat should be put in bathroom to prevent killing yourself in the shower.  When I checked in, I was told the restaurant was fully booked so I could use room service to buy my dinner.  It turned out that the restaurant was being used for a private event.  When my internet connection didn't work, I was told to work with the outside provider to fix my laptop.  After 30 minutes of this nonsense, it turned out that the hotel had misspelled my surname and that was the problem.  When I went to the lobby to confirm that this might be the problem I was told that I had misspelled my…",Date of stay: March 2014,2.0
1433,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1430-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Perfect location!,"Recently spent four nights at this hotel, which is located right on Piccadilly and across the road from Fortnum and Mason (good afternoon tea!)  Really great location - close to Regent Street, Leicester Square, and Soho.   Small lobby with limited seating, and kind of dark. As Starwood Platinum member, I was given a suite. Large living room, though a bit dark, guest toilet and decent sized bedroom with large bathroom. I really couldn't find much to fault, except one day the room was not properly cleaned, but seeing as I got back late, let this ride. I had access to the Club lounge, and this was very nice, - good choice for breakfast, and snacks throughout the day. I enjoyed the space to just go and read the newspaper and relax with a cup of coffee. All the staff were very…",Date of stay: February 2014,4.0
1434,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1430-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",As central as you can get in London,"This is the perfect hotel if you want something modern and located very close to the city center which was my main reason for going there. I had a classic room which was small but clean, decorated well and with all the amenities required. You can walk to Leicester square, Bond street and the Tower of London is 15 min by foot. Check-in is quick and simple, and plenty of restaurants/clubs/bars in the area so this hotel should really be selected by people on a business trip or holiday that wont spend too much time in the room. I noted that the rooms are much cheaper if you book 2 weeks in advance so worth planning to save a few bucks. Plenty of taxis in the street and close to Tube station so very easy to move around. Breakfast is in glass veranda which is probably the most amazing…",Date of stay: March 2014,4.0
1435,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1435-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great Location But Gone to the Dogs,"Stayed regularly at this Hotel and written very positive reviews but will now switch up the road to the W as Hotel can be at best rated a 3 star hotel now.No real recognition as a platinum or returning guest,room small and dirty and needed a new coat of paint.Room was noisy and even the club lounge as cut back on the variety of food .",Date of stay: March 2014,2.0
1436,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1435-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great location but expensive,We stayed here for almost a week. We are gold starwood preferred members but were very disappointed in the first room that they gave us. I couldnt standup in the shower as the bath was raised to close to the ceiling. They did change our room though which was much better.,Date of stay: December 2013,3.0
1437,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1435-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Pleasantly Surprised,"We stayed here last weekend and weren't quite sure what to expect having read some of the reviews posted here.  We chose the hotel as we found a very good deal and had enjoyed a stay there several years ago.   Positives - Reception staff were very pleasant, check in and check out were both very efficient; a special request in advance of our stay was taken forward very well (thank you Colinda in Reservations); our room was huge and nicely decorated, very clean, quiet, comfortable bed, good aircon, hot water and housekeeping, with tea/coffee/water & toiletries all being refreshed - a request for extra pillows was dealt with promptly and with a follow up call to make sure we were happy.  Room service was prompt and the food was hot. Just a couple of negatives - breakfast on…",Date of stay: March 2014,4.0
1438,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1435-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Worst experience in london,"I m going to London at least twice a year and this is from far the worst experience i ve ever had. The room was old, the paint on the wal was dirty, the floor was noisy, the hot water was taking about 3 minutes to come, i didn t have a window in the room ( there was one but with a wall on the other side ). And all that for an expensive rate.",Date of stay: February 2014,1.0
1439,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1435-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Good location, terrible experience","I have already accepted that my gold spg card is not working in London somehow, but this time they decided to ""upgrade"" my de-luxe room into the family room. I was travelling with my spouse and was given small room with two beds, set similar to low-cost US motels  - fantastic for a romantic evening. My complain was ignored. They were even upset that the upgrade is not appreciated by us! In the early morning a fire alarm was activated. As instructed, we left our room and went downstairs to the reception. They met us there with a smile: it is a false alarm, go back upstairs. No apologies, no official information that alarmn is false (on the way up we met other people still going down not believing us that the PA message is not true). After complaining to the manager, they promised…",Date of stay: December 2013,1.0
1440,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1440-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Good location,"Good location for a work or first time to London.  I love this hotel, it has a sweet charm and as I was travelling solo for work it ticked all the boxes (and a short walk to Goucho Grill!). Would not recommend if you want a quiet stay as it is amidst the bustle of Piccadilly Circus.",Date of stay: May 2013,4.0
1441,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1440-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Terrace Grill & Bar - very slow service!,"Ate at this restaurant for pre-theatre dinner.  Found on interest for £25.00 per head -3 course meal.  Arrived at 5.50pm for a 6pm dining room booking.  After half an hour - managed to catch the attention of a waiter, explained that we needed to leave at 7pm to get to theatre.  Although meals were fine, the service was extremely slow and not very attentive.  Although we had paid for a 3-course meal, we explained that we had to leave to get to the theatre and miss our desserts - thankfully the waiter advised us to return for desserts after the theatre, as last orders were at 11pm - this we did - unfortunately we were greeted by an unhelpful and dismissive waitress who said "" you really came back for desserts - really?.   Well we close at 10.30pm so you better be fast!""     We…",Date of stay: February 2014,1.0
1442,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1440-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Dirty rooms,"I arrived to an unfinished bed, stained toilet seat, dirty tub. Went back to the lobby to ask for a room change since front desk didn't pick up the phone. They kindly gave me a new room. The bed and bath looked better but stains on the carpet and walls. It took 15min to get hot water, no hair dryer, loose floor boars under the stained carpet, my bath towels smelled like urine. When I undid the bed there were black hairs all over the sheet. I will defiantly never stay here again.",None,1.0
1443,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1440-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Dirty,"Lobby is nice, but rooms are not. I even switched rooms and still bad. Stained walls, carpet, and bathroom. Loose floor boards under the carpet, it took 15min to get hot water, and the water pressure was so bad it was hard to get the soap out of my hair. The bath towels smelled of urine. Try to call the front desk multiple times but no one will pick up. Never staying here again!",Date of stay: February 2014,1.0
1444,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1440-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great Location,"Perfect location for a first trip to London!  The property is a little dated, but I found it charming.  The front desk, bellmen and concierge staff were friendly and helpful.  The beds were comfortable and the rooms were quiet.  Definitely recommend!",Date of stay: January 2014,4.0
1445,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1445-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great location,"Chose this hotel as part of the Starwood Group. Had to wait ages to check in. Only 3 reception staff and quite a few people waiting to check-in and out. Check-in process handled very efficiently, eventually. We were early so room not ready, no problem as luggage stored whilst we went off for the day.  Very quick to get our bags and room keys when we returned.   Room was a club room with 2 queen/double beds. Clean and functional, not opulent. view was of an internal courtyard.Really comfortable beds. Air-conditioning on lowest setting and room still too warm. Bathroom hot due to large towel rail/radiator. No extractor in bathroom or it was not working. Everywhere was clean, but corridors were stark almost motel like.  Club lounge quite small. Staff did not welcome us or tell us…",Date of stay: February 2014,4.0
1446,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1445-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great location,Wonderful location. Staff very helpful. Rooms small but all you need. Beds comfy and room very quiet. Did not eat there or have breakfast but had good drinks on the bar. Would stay again and recommend due to excellent location. ,Date of stay: February 2014,4.0
1447,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1445-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Can't beat the location,"With the Bakerloo and Piccadilly line literally at the doorstep numerous restaurant options and shopping on Oxford nearby - the location can't be beat. Its a grand dame of a hotel - shows its age - i wouldn't want them to do a drastic overhaul, maybe liven it up to let the old world charm through. The options in the club lounge were decent - it would be nice if they could introduce a real tea service - maybe for an added cost - that would be a nice touch.",Date of stay: February 2014,4.0
1448,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1445-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","NICE LOCATION, AVERAGE SERVICE","First appearances lovely, lovely building foyer really nice. Rooms, bed nice and really comfortable. Bathrooms, small, dated, no ventilation. Had to queue Saturday morning for breakfast, then put at a table with no cutlery, had to ask, no tea or coffee offered, had to ask, no plates had to ask. Sunday morning was ridiculous, had to queue for 25 minutes before even being seated, Staff did apologise, but as it had already happened the previous day I assume it is a usual problem. A really nice hotel in good location, would rate at 3 to 4 star. Probably would stay again, but would not be expecting too much!!",Date of stay: February 2014,3.0
1449,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1445-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, but.....","The rooms are tired, especially the bathrooms.  Mine had dirty mouldings and was very old fashioned.  It was clean enough though.   The hotel is in a great location, but during my stay I found the staff unhelpful - particularly those that were serving at the club lounge.  No coffee and empty plates when we entered the lounge - it seemed to be a hassle for them even filling the water tank of the coffee machine! Having said that - the reception staff were very helpful both checking in and out.",Date of stay: February 2014,3.0
1450,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1450-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","The best location, not the same for the service","The hotel is located in the best available are for turism. It offer (as an SPG Member) large room with a very good level of confort. The rest is very bad. The level of service is defenitely not what you might expect, the breakfast is fantastic in terms of location, very poor in terms of quality and quantity. You ask something, and they forget, is not clear is you can eat there as your pbreakstast is included or if you will have to pay a fortune, staff do not know hot to answer. Lounge is little and understaffed, not really a good choice of food and the wine is cheap. Concierge often do not answer to the phone. Reception is too litlle, so much understaff and at your check in / out you can easilly wait 20 min.  The best guys are the one the door, always smiling and ready to help.",Date of stay: February 2014,3.0
1451,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1450-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Just aweful, stay away!","This hotel is just a nightmare, the only positive thing about it is the location. The room was unattractive and worn down, on my bedsheets there were blood-stains, the drain in the shower was blocked and the hairdryer was suddenly running so hot that my hair caught fire. I will never come here again, there are so many better options, don't be fooled by the pictures on the website.",Date of stay: February 2014,1.0
1452,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1450-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Average . . .,"The hotel is is a very central location.  Walking distance to Leicester Square, Covent Garden, etc.    The lobby area is very nice and the staff was very friendly, but I found the rooms to be a little dated.  It just seemed like the furniture could have used some updating.",Date of stay: August 2013,3.0
1453,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1450-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Outstanding Hotel,"Travelled mid week to see a show. Booked here through a show & hotel site, What a fantastic surprise. Within walking distance of Picadilly tube ( about 100 yards ), Also within walking distance of The West End, Soho, Covent Garden, Buckingham Palace, Westminster, all the shopping streets. We got an upgrade to a deluxe room, 4th floor on the main street, but so quiet at night.Room spacious, beds great, robes & slippers,Mini bar tv etc. So Comfy and cozy. There is a Pool, Steam Room & Jacuzzi which you can access from your floor if you are in your robe. Breakfast fantastic, Never seen so much selection. The staff were IMPECCABLE. Could not do enough for you. The door man was a gem, gave us all sorts of info about the hotel & area.Bar prices were unfortunatly a bit steep, but…",Date of stay: January 2014,5.0
1454,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1450-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great Location; Exceptional Service,I was just at this hotel for one night on a business trip. It is a tough property to review because the exceptional staff and location would normally make this a five point rating. It sits just steps from the Piccadilly Circus tube stop so you can go rapidly from Heathrow to the hotel without worry about the traffic.  But the facility itself is just not great for the business traveler. For starters most of the hotels that I have stayed at in London of this caliber have 110v plugs for US travelers built in. They did not have this but were very nice about giving me an adapter.   But a major non-starter for me is a bathroom with no outlet for a hair dryer and no hair dryer. As a woman business traveler this just doesn't work. And more importantly there is no other place in the room…,Date of stay: January 2014,4.0
1455,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1455-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Location, Staff and Bed!","Just came back from staying here for 5 days for our 25th wedding anniversary.  Was a little nervous booking as some of the reviews have not been that favourable - however we experienced none of the downsides mentioned.  On arrival, doorman opened taxi door, helped with cases and stored them as we had arrived early - returned later in the day to a simple friendly check-in.  I had mentioned in passing that it was our 25th wedding anniversary when I booked - the front desk seemed to have this on file - and congratulated us with an upgrade to a newly refurnished room.  The room was really nicely done, spacious and had everything you would require - loved the map on the wall!  Later that evening a complimentary bottle of champagne and some chocolates arrived with a lovely note of…",Date of stay: January 2014,5.0
1456,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1455-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Prime location,"We stayed here one Saturday night as a weekend treat - a night in the West End and a show. I chose le Meridien because it came out considerably cheaper than the other quality hotels I looked at nearby. I have to say, I was very pleased with my choice. The location is excellent, just moments from Piccadilly Circus and theatreland. There were minor glitches in the room - the sound on the TV was slightly off, the towel rail in the bathroom did not heat, and the air conditioning unit was dated and a bit noisy. But the bed was comfortable, which was the main thing, and there was no noise from Piccadilly below our window. The biggest plus for me was breakfast - the freshly made bread, cakes, croissants etc. were delicious (especially the banana bread - I could have taken the whole…",Date of stay: January 2014,4.0
1457,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1455-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Always a lovely stay,"Staff are friendly and always willing to help.  The room was lovely and the bed... well lets put it this way, if i was told i had a week left to live this bed is where i would want to come die.  I have stayed in many hotels over the years but this hotel must have the best beds in the world, they are massive and so so comfortable, like sleeping on a cloud.   Another great thing about this hotel is its in the middle of everything, you step out the door and piccadilly circus is right there, all the good theatre shows are just a walk away as well as loads of great restaurants. All in all a lovely stay and our favourite hotel to come to when we are in london.",Date of stay: January 2014,5.0
1458,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1455-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Location! Location!,"As everyone notes, the location is wonderful. We walked to almost everything but there is excellent close access to the tube and the buses (to every part of London). The public spaces were well maintained and elegant. The halls on the guest floors need paint and updating. Guest room are a good size (for London), with comfortable beds and reasonable storage. The bathroom was a problem - no vent so it was ALWAYS damp and the only heat was from the towel warmer so it was cold during our December visit.  The staff were friendly and helpful. A small tip those who go out of their way just increases the service.  High point: a fabulous buffet breakfast served in a truly beautiful conservatory. Very expensive to purchase there but reasonable as part of the booking.",Date of stay: December 2013,4.0
1459,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1455-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Outstanding manager and staff!,"We greatly enjoyed our one night stay at Le Meridien Picadilly.  We had an overnight layover from India to the US and needed some TLC after a long journey.  The manager David McNamara took care of all of our needs in every possible way.  Were it not for him, our check in would have been more complicated.  Our room was spacious and quiet and nicely appointed.  Because of him, we plan to stay at the hotel again for our longer return stay in October.  Johanna Dahlquist at the reception desk was also wonderfully kind and attentive.  The hotel is a few minutes walk to most of also dons theater so that we could actually make a great show within a half hour of checking in.  Can't speak highly enough about  David!  Highly recommend the hotel.",Date of stay: January 2014,5.0
1460,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1460-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Birthday stay,"Rooms very basic and felt like 3 star more than 5. Breakfast terrible. Long wait for table, not enough staff so long waits for coffee etc. Lots of food trays empty and stale bread. I wouldnt recommend",Date of stay: January 2014,2.0
1461,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1460-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Superb location, lovely hotel","We stayed here for one night on Sat 25th January. The location is superb, great for shops, restaurants, galleries and sights. The staff were very pleasant and our stay was a delight! Great room, large by London standards, no view but with Picadilly outside who cares?  The Latitude bar is cosy and warm, but for me, breakfast in the terrace bar and grill was the highlight! I cant recall the last time I had freshly squeezed orange juice in an hotel, it was superb! Great hot and cold buffet, seamless service and a view to die for! I would thoroughly recommend a stay here, the only negative I noticed is that the corridors leading to the rooms look a little shabby and in need of some TLC...overall though, a lovely hotel.",Date of stay: January 2014,4.0
1462,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1460-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Definitely worth returning to,"First off : location is perfect for theater, Piccadilly Circus tube and bus stop, Bond Street, Regent Street, Trafalgar square, National Gallery, Tate Museum, St. Paul's Cathedral, and many many more. If you only have 3 days in London, this must be THE location for you, so that no time is wasted in travel to the various ""must see"" spots.  After reading many terrible reviews (after I had made the booking on show and stay), I was rather apprehensive but they were all unfounded! True, it is not spanking new, but everything in the room worked and was spotlessly clean. I wouldn't term it ""tired"" but rather with character. No moldy grouts in the bathroom, not a spot of dust to be found anywhere. Room heated just right, towel warmer could be better with a few more rungs but good…",Date of stay: January 2014,5.0
1463,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1460-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",eh,"Great location, not much else. My room was big, but very tired.  Kind of saggy. Below my expectations. Bathroom was nice, also good sized. Very clean. But no magnifying mirror and I had to dry my hair in the room - no plug in the bathroom.  Not good if your spouse wants some extra sleep.  Not sure there is a full time doorman.  Most times the door was unoccupied. No one looks up or greets you as you pass the desk. Stopped in the restaurant for a pre-dinner cocktail. Waitress couldn't have been sweeter - but I assume she got lost trying to get back to our table w/ the drinks. We waited a ridiculously LONG time.  Only 2 other tables were taken, so I can't imagine she was too busy.  A couple of amateur room service mistakes as well.  Instead of refilling the big wine bucket w/ ice,…",Date of stay: November 2013,3.0
1464,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1460-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great Location...That is where it ends,"We were in London for Christmas week.  Had two rooms to share with our three boys aged 9,8,6.  Hotel is in a great location, very convenient to everything.   Unfortunately, that is where the good ends.  The food service was very weak.  Breakfast was served in a conference room, with very limited selections.  The rooms are pretty small even for London and the shower pressure was not more than a trickle.  Worst of all we found the service to be very poor and unwelcoming.  The best example was on the second night we returned to our rooms and found that our Six year olds soft ducky was missing.  It was on the bed when we left and the only thing we could think of was that the cleaning service wrapped it up with the sheets when changing the room.  We called down to see if they could…",Date of stay: December 2013,1.0
1465,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1465-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Fantastic location and great service,"First time staying there. Was extremely convenient location for business, and lots of nearby restaurants. Staff was fantastic, especially at check in desk during pretty hectic time. Doormen were very helpful as well with directions and ""fastest way to get from here to there?"" hints.",Date of stay: November 2013,4.0
1466,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1465-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",A fantastic hotel in best of locations,"I have stayed here many times with friends and family, it is one of my favourite hotels in London, as the locations is great for all the tourist traps, shopping and just being in  the heart of things. The entrance is so lovely and the waft of the scented candles around the hotel I love. The pool is a gem in London, my 11 year old daughter lives staying here when we do girls weekend ends as the staff our so friendly and she loves a bit of luxury.  Looking forward to a return visit soon.",Date of stay: December 2013,5.0
1467,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1465-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Average Hotel in Decent Location,"This is my second visit to London and decided to stay here because of its lower price point than other Starwood properties in the city.  My first impression of this hotel was not a good one.  The staff working in the lobby are too busy with themselves to greet new guests or offer assistance with baggage.  At the reception desk, we were informed our room was still not ready, when we were checking in at 6pm.  We booked a two double beds room, and was given a room with a King sized mattress on two double bed box springs.  We were unable to move to a different room so we had to request a rollaway bed, which one of us had to endure to sleep at night.  The location is fine - it's right around the corner from Piccadilly Circus and its vast transit options.  The hotel is very old, so…",Date of stay: January 2014,2.0
1468,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1465-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Four stars,"This hotel is beautifully appointed. The location could not be better and the ambience when you walk towards and then into the hotel is pretty special. It is easy to fall in love with the entrance and foyer area and then to the right is a very nice cozy little bar - very expensive though.   The rooms could do with a little updating and for a 5 star I would have expected a bigger bathroom. After such a great entrance, the rooms are a little disappointing.",Date of stay: March 2013,4.0
1469,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1465-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",good position mediocore service,"Nice hotel situated in a perfect location very easy to move around. The room looks old and used and not impeccably clean. We had a SPG room and it was dark,no view  and not inviting at all. The beds were not well prepared ( my 11 years old daughter can do much better)! The housekeeping service is terrible, it does not meet the standard of the 5 star  hotel. The reception is courteous and the concierge is helpful. The breakfast is good quality. Waiters are nice. Free wi-fi only at the reception area and you have to pay for it and the internet if you are away from that small area.",Date of stay: January 2014,3.0
1470,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1470-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",My choice when traveling for business or pleasure,"I travel to London quite often both for business and with the family. Meridien is well located to access the city and canary wharf, but also allows me to see friends in the evening. I have brought my kids with me a few times and the hotel was able to place us in nice size suites. They have cute continental breakfast area and a nice restaurant. The location can't be better for sightseeing and it is Starwood so I can earn my points. And it has a pool!",Date of stay: November 2013,5.0
1471,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1470-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Five star Leicester for three star service,"Will never stay here again. A pointless lantern ceremony involving four staff on arrival and a good location don't make up for unfriendly staff (mostly), poor house keeping, tired decor (in the rooms) and empty room service trays left in corridors all day long. Stay somewhere else. Not recommended. ",Date of stay: December 2013,2.0
1472,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1470-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",great location but rotten hotel,"This hotel should be closed for renovation and major improvements.  The carpets are old and stained, the floors creak, the air conditioning unit don't have tempature gauges, the internet s spotty, and the staff is confused.  Took 15 minutes to check us in and they didn't have a room, had to come back an hour after check-in time to finally get a room.  Very noisy - many rooms have windows on the alley and there is constant noise from midnight to 7am with staff unloading tables and garbage trucks.  It is in a good location but not worth the price and lack of sleep!!!",Date of stay: December 2013,2.0
1473,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1470-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Fantastic Hotel,"This was our first visit to this hotel and will definitely revisit when we come back for a short in London. This hotel offers great facilities and has a very friendly and helpful staff, thank to all for making our Christmas stay a great one.",Date of stay: December 2013,5.0
1474,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1470-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, some improvements needed","As most of the reviewers of this hotel have pointed out you cannot fault the location. Shops, restaurants and attractions are all within very easy reach. When you enter the lobby this definitely looks like a 5 star hotel yet the room we stayed in was most definitely not 5 star. It was a large family room with 2 queen beds, yet the carpets were stained, the furnishings looked tired and it just felt like it needed an update. We did enjoy the club lounge however which was modern, clean and the food and snacks provided were good. My major complaint about the stay is that our family room (we were staying with 2 young children) was overlooking the restaurant and on our second night there was a private party taking place in the restaurant which finished at 1am. We had to endure 4 hours…",Date of stay: December 2013,4.0
1475,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1475-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",unbeatable location in the heart of the city,the hotel is a nice period building right in the centre of Piccadilly walking distance to everywhere. common grounds are well decorated and rooms are decently sized. stayed in the hotel two times and both rooms were ok however both rooms' windows and bathroom needed improvement. the windows would nearly broke in a windy weather and bathrooms carry significant wear. check-in was not efficient due to a system failure. breakfast quantity also needs to improve. very expensive internet. apart from these the hotel has an unbeatable location and is basically good for short stays. would stay again if can catch a good price inclusive of internet and breakfast that do not deserve extra payment.,Date of stay: December 2013,4.0
1476,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1475-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Very Pleasant Stay in Great Location,"Our third stay here at the LM Piccadilly.  Nice hotel in a great location a block away from Piccadilly Circus and an easy walk to major attractions and the West End Theater District.  We arrived around 9am and our room was available.  Check in was a breeze.  Our room was nicely appointed on the 8th floor with a large bathroom, king bed and sofa.  A nice touch was the ability the plug in to charge our phones, IPads, etc., through the USB port station on the desk.  Although equipped with adapters, this feature was very convenient.  The club lounge on the Mezzanine level was very comfortable and well stocked for breakfast and evening snacks.  Staff in the lounge, as well as front desk and concierge was very pleasant and professional.  Can't beat the location.  Will return again.",Date of stay: December 2013,4.0
1477,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1475-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Excellent location, needs updating","For visitors who want easy access to shopping, restaurants, Hyde Park, Art Institute and many other attractions, it's difficult to beat this location.  The hotel itself is in a very nice, stately structure, but the innards need updating.  The hotel is more functional than it is experiential; not much charm even though there are good elements to work with.  Because of its age I assume there is considerable variation in the rooms-- we had a large suite and overall it's pretty good value for the real estate. A good interior designer could do much to add bright touches to the rooms, like fresh paint, and revamp the awkward mixture of beat up wooden furniture with the modern sofas and chairs.  The breakfast area is nice and airy, and provides a nice start to the day.  The staff is…",Date of stay: November 2013,3.0
1478,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1475-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Stay December 13 to 18th,"I stayed at the hotel last week and a repeat customer.  I had an issue getting a room with a mirror above the desk where the hairdryer was and had to go to 3 rooms at check-in to finally find one that had this.  This should be compulsory in their room design to have the amenity.  The one room I was shown you could not even pull the chair out from the desk and sit at it, as it was so close to the bed.  Another room faced the entire heating and cooling fans on the roof.  Finally I was shown a third room with a mirror where the hairdryer plug was.  I received a bit of an attitude from both concierge and sign-in desk for my insistence of this request, who was deliverying my luggage and showing me the various rooms.  Finally I took the keys and left my luggage at the front door and…",Date of stay: December 2013,3.0
1479,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1475-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Wonderful time,"Just returned from a Christmas shopping stay at Le Meridien. What a great find!!! Fantastic hotel inan absolutely amazing location. Walked everywhere. No need for the hussle and bussle of tubes, taxis or buses. Oxford Street, Bond Street, Carnaby Street, Leicester Square, Trafalgar Square & Covent Garden all within a 15 min stroll. Bedrooms quite small but had everything you needed and as for the beds and pillows...........bliss. Have to say they are the most comfortable I have slept on. Had to wait for breakfast as the restaurant was full. But sat at the bar with a juice so no problem and it was worth waiting for. Such a lot to choose from and excellent service. So glad I found this hotel. Can't wait for my next stay. Also had a meal at Carlucci's in Covent…",Date of stay: December 2013,5.0
1480,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1480-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",5 Star it is not,"This hotel can qualify for an average 4 star. Five star it is not. Not by the service, may be by location only. Location is perfect. Service is good but not excellent. Breakfast is fine. I left the room in the morning, came back by 4 PM and it was not cleaned yet. The room next door ordered in-room service and their finished meal has been sitting by their door all day, filling the corridor with unpleasant smell. Wine glasses were left in the corridor for 2 days without pick up. Overall, it looked very untidy. The wi-fi in public places was free but very-very slow and in the rooms it was outrageously expensive. This is 21st century London and Internet is charged like it is 90s. If you can get the rooms cheap - by all means go, the beds are very comfortable. But at the highest…",Date of stay: November 2013,3.0
1481,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1480-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Another brilliant stay,"This was our second stay 14/16 December this year, and we couldn't fault the hotel. When I made the reservation I asked for the same rooms as on our last visit, they couldn't guarantee this but we got exactly what we wanted (thank you). All the staff we came across we very friendly and helpful. Our rooms (junior suite and club room) were very clean and well stocked. Room service for an evening meal was delicious.  The location of this hotel is always a winner but it is a first class hotel with fantastic staff. We three ladies will be back again. ",Date of stay: December 2013,5.0
1482,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1480-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Brilliant Location, Friendly Staff, Compact rooms","Stayed at Le Meridien recently for one week.  Having been in London before, opted for a central location that was <5 min walk to Piccadilly tube and a quick walk to  Soho/West End Theaters.   Check-in was quick-we were checked in early in the morning after arriving from an overnight flight which was appreciated. We were also given a later check -out which was great!  The rooms were modern and compact- on  the smaller side than the club room pics shown.   We had a room facing Regent street which was lovely to look out to (after we acclimated to the noise the first night).  Heard some noise in the halls but definitely couldn't hear your neighbors.  The rooms were spotless, clean, the beds were comfortable.   The room had a small coffee/hot water maker and safe.  Quick walk to…",Date of stay: November 2013,4.0
1483,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1480-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",A great place for lunch,"I can't comment on staying at the hotel as a guest, but walking along Piccadilly looking for somewhere to eat we were attracted by a fixed price menu of £21 for three courses for lunch. Lovely hotel, fantastic modern restaurant and absolutely fantastic food, the fixed price menu was fantastic value for money, with us both having a squid crepe with prawn filling for starter, Black crepes presumably from squid ink with a bot of salad were visually stunning with a dash of jus giving a fantastic combination of flavours. Main course of hake on a bed of spinach and crushed potatoes again couldn't be faulted and the desserts of Treacle Tart and Sticky Toffee pudding finished the meal off perfectly.  We then moved into the sofa area for a coffee before heading off on the rest of our…",Date of stay: November 2013,4.0
1484,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1480-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Brilliant!!,"My partner and I stayed for one night for our anniversary and we were very impressed :-) I had called ahead and informed the hotel we were celebrating and the Guest Services Manager, Tania, was delightful and informed me she would try and upgrade us and lo and behold upon arrival we were given a preferred guest room at no extra charge which was very nice indeed. A complimentary bottle of wine, some cakes and a lovely card welcoming us and congratulating us awaited us too! The cocktail lounge was very swish with first class service and the breakfast could not be faulted. All in all a hotel that ticks every box for a romantic getaway and we would certainly return :-) 10/10 Le Meridien and Starwood Hotels!",Date of stay: November 2013,5.0
1485,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1485-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Not a 5-star hotel,"Upon arrival, I had to search for a bellman to help with my luggage. They were good about storing the luggage and associated it with the room, so I didn't need a ticket. They reminded me to just check the ticket for the ""5"" bags when I did check in. Upon check-in, I saw the tag and it said ""3"" instead of ""5"". The clerk said it was the right tag for my room, but I insisted that I had 5 bags. He looked confused. After a few minutes of this back and forth, we went to the luggage room and I pointed out my bags. That took a while too as I had to show him the right 5 bags about 4 times.  We go up to our room and it's nice. Nicer than what I remember booking. Then the phone rings in the room. The same clerk said he gave us the wrong room. We went back the elevators and he came up with…",Date of stay: November 2013,2.0
1486,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1485-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",great hotel in a brilliant location.,"This was our first stay at this excellent hotel which  would have received excellent except for an  an unfortuate incident, regarding thoughtless guests in the neighbouring room, who spent 90 mins from 3am to 4.30am, continually banging doors and yelling with the lady finally running down the corridor.   My daughter and I had a cup of tea and at 5 am my daughter went down to  do her gym session a little earlier than expected.   Next morning reception dealt  brilliantly with the matter and we were transferred to another room whilst we shopped and were advised by mobile phone when the room was available.   We were later advised we should have contacted reception whilst the action was happening.  Another minor problem was the housekeeper failed to top up our tea, coffee etc. and…",Date of stay: November 2013,4.0
1487,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1485-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Very comfortable and great location,"When you pay top dollar for a hotel in London you can never really be sure if it will be a sterile corporate experience or a warm and welcoming bolt hole away from home. Well this hotel sits in the middle and that's no bad thing. The room was very comfortable, the staff always helpful without being intrusive and the breakfasts had lots of alternatives to choose from. The only negative was the cost of the drinks from the bar on the ground floor, but hey it's London what did I expect! I would certainly stay again. ",Date of stay: November 2013,4.0
1488,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1485-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Good cocktails but slow service,"We tried out the bar and were veey impressed with the standard of cocktails although the bar staff took their time to the point where we thought our drinks were forgotten about: they were just worth the wait. We were unhappy with the food, we didnt quite get what we ordered due to the kitchen coming to the end of service; but we were not told of this and given option of changing our order just had things substituted which was annoying. Nice cosy bar interesting mix of old arvhitecture with new decor",Date of stay: November 2013,4.0
1489,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1485-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Fantastic hotel,"We stayed here for one night and have to say what a lovely hotel. The service was quick and friendly and the rooms were clean, spacious and very comfortable. At breakfast we were spoilt for choice with food options and the restaurant offered a very relaxed atmosphere. I'd stay here again.",Date of stay: October 2013,5.0
1490,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1490-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",mixed feelings (more positive than negative),"We obviously like this hotel otherwise it would not be our 4th visit in less than 2 years! Nevertheless the service can be very different from one employee to the other. From the best to the opposite.  Thanks to Virginie lately and Stefan in the past our stays always turned out to be excellent. They represent the kind of helpfull employees looking for solutions and make you feel like an hotel guest. They bring a great value to the hote. If possible, we shall choose Le Meridien Piccadily again. We also recommend this hotel to new potential guests.  The breakfast lounge at the first floor should be a little bit more furnished. Not much but a little more.",Date of stay: November 2013,4.0
1491,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1490-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Another stay to remember...,"We've opted again for Le Meridien Piccadilly for our annual ""girl's weekend' in november (why change a winning team? ;-) ) and again we were not let down! On the contrary, there where we thought it couldn't get better, they proved us wrong! We had asked for the same room as during our stay in August and although it is always subject to availability, they managed to meet our request. What always strikes me the most it that they make you feel at home, the minute you walk through the doors! From the room maids to the waiters in the restaurant to the staff at the reception, they are all very friendly and helpful! You're not just another client but a real valuated guest! So, needless to say that we're already looking forward to our next stay(s) at Le Meridien Piccadilly!",Date of stay: November 2013,5.0
1492,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1490-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Fantastic Location,"As centrally located in London as you can find. 30 seconds from Piccadilly circus this is a great hotel for sight seeing. The lobby, bars, restaurants and general areas look 5 star but we were disappointed with the standard of the room. We did book with Last Minute so may have been given a room accordingly but it was very small. The bathroom was definately not 5 star and the room was very dark. This is a large hotel and there are various sets of steps to go up and down when you get out of the the lift. Room service plates etc were left out in corridoors all day so looked messy in places. The staff are extremely helpful and I have since had excellent reponse from the manager to my issues.",Date of stay: November 2013,3.0
1493,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1490-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",SUITS ME VERY WELL,"I've stayed at the Le Meridien Piccadilly several times and am never disappointed. It's not a super luxury establishmebt but It's centrally situated and ideal for a shopping expedition.  Some of the rooms need sprucing up but the beds are very comfortable, the breakfast is fine, and the staff are attentive.",Date of stay: November 2013,4.0
1494,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1490-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Ideal Locatioon, great staff","I had an overnight stay here, met up with a friend of mine from overseas.  The bar area was very nice, had a nice atmosphere to it.  The room was lovely but the noise from passing vehicles kept me up all night long.  The staff was very attentive which is a plus.  Overall a nice time, next stop I will request a different room though.",Date of stay: November 2013,3.0
1495,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1495-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, great room, poor breakfast !","We had a lovely overnight stay to celebrate our wedding anniversary! It was a cheap deal but you wouldn't have guessed it.  The staff could not have been more charming and the room was great - 'suitably luxurious'!  And you can't fault the location!  The bar was a bit quirky but ver reasonably priced for a hotel bar.  Unfortunately the breakfast on Sunday really let down the whole experience.  Sunday. Breakfast should be relaxing but the spread was not replenished quickly enough, we went and found the coffee pot (what were all those staff doing?) and the toaster broke - so they turned it off.  Boo hiss, what is British breakfast without toast?  The pineapple was raw and manky rather than fresh.  I don't like cooked breakfast and am not particularly demanding on this front but…",Date of stay: November 2013,4.0
1496,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1495-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Nice hotel,"We had a lovely and large room that faced out on to a busy street, busy room was very quiet. For a hotel, they have a very large and well equipped gym and lovely swimming pool. The afternoon tea is served in a lovely room and was quite enjoyable.",Date of stay: November 2013,4.0
1497,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1495-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Superb location in Piccadilly,"Stayed 3 days at Le Meridien Piccadilly in my last business trip to London. Absolutely love the location of the hotel. It is walking distance to wherever I need to be. Room was very nicely appointed, and service was also very good. The concierge was very helpful, I had to send a few parcels out and arranged logistics, and he took care of all that for me very efficiently.",Date of stay: July 2013,4.0
1498,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1495-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Supposed to be a great hotel,I bought two rooms from secret hotels on lastminute.com. I was told its amazing and I would be over the moon with this hotel.   Once checked in we went to the room to find how bad it is. The rooms are very small and have a smell about them. Terrible beds and the floors are so bad that you almost feel they will cave in. I'm very disappointed with this. The carpets are so old and the door frames are so battered they are filled in with some kind of filler which give a bad impression.   We had to have our room changed to a slightly bigger one. But the above still stands. I was told that I'm laying for location. Well let me tell you. I have stayed in cheaper and better hotels in the vicinity. If I'm going to compare the rooms. I would say they are like a bed and breakfast you get on…,Date of stay: November 2013,1.0
1499,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1495-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent Location and a Great Bartender!,"Being my first time in London I wanted to be very central to the London scene and most of the tourist spots. Being in the center of Piccadilly, this hotel can definitely accommodate that. The hotel was chic and comfortable. Rooms were nice (not over the top nice, but nice) and had lots of closet space which is nice when you are traveling with tons of luggage for 3 weeks. Everyday room service delivered our coffee on the spot when we ordered it. But, there are great coffee places on the same block if you rather not do room service. The gym was great if you wanted to squeeze in a quick work out because you ate too many ""pies"" and ""chips"".  But my most favorite spot of this hotel and the place my boyfriend and I found ourselves the most at would be the Lobby Bar! Matia, the…",Date of stay: June 2013,4.0
1500,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1500-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Fantastic Location; recommended.,"Checked in for one night over the weekend to escape the dust and noise of our home renovation and provide a base for a good night out.  Service was friendly and efficient. Rooms comfortable, spotless and thoughtfully decorated avoiding any corporate blandness. Room and bathroom were of a decent size and well appointed with plenty of natural light and ventilation.  Tea and coffee courtesy tray was a nice touch as well as slippers and bathrobe. It was little noisy from outside, but you cant expect dead silence in the heart of London's vibrant west end.  It's worth trying the basement health club and large swimming pool.  Mattresses were soft yet supporting, and bed linen white and soft; a bit like sleeping in a cloud!  We didnt have the breakfast as there are so many great options…",Date of stay: November 2013,4.0
1501,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1500-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",NOT A 5 STARS HOTEL,"We were with a couple of our relatives and stayed for 5 nights. This hotel deserve 5 stars for a location and for breakfast offer and beatiful interieur of Grill bar. But, the rest  is for solid 4 star hotel. The room was rather small for a 5 star hotel & price. It looks like it needs a renovation of carpets and window frames. There was a problem with windows opening, since there was cca. 2 cm of free space due to fixed locks. I'll never understand the hotel security policies which sealed the windows and force you to ""live"" in your room only with AC unit???  Altogether, this hotel is attracting guests on location, but for more they need a bigger rooms and renovation of room interieurs.",Date of stay: November 2013,4.0
1502,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1500-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Centrally located luxury hotel in London,"We stayed here for a weekend in London for a friend's wedding.  It's located next to Piccadilly Circus so perfect for getting anywhere in town.  There's a great standard of customer service, everyone was very helpful.  We arrived early from an overnight flight so were hoping for an early check-in.  Unfortunately the hotel was fully booked the previous night, but we were offered use of the facilities in the fitness centre to shower and re-fresh ourselves.  There was also an effort made to have a room ready as soon as the previous guest checked out.  We'd recommend eating in the restaurant once as it's a beautiful glass ceilinged 'conservatory' style area on the roof of the hotel.  We were concerned that, given the proximity to Piccadilly Circus, there could be some street noise. …",Date of stay: September 2013,4.0
1503,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1500-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",5 stars?,"Second visit to this hotel and I wish I could say that it deserves 5 stars.  Granted, we booked via Lastminute.com and got an excellent rate for the location but even at £200 per night I still feel it was disappointing. The first impression is always important and unfortunately we had one of the most unfriendly receptionists I've ever encountered. She really looked like she didn't want to be there, although judging by the smiley faces on the rest of the staff I think we were just unlucky. We booked a double room only to find that we'd been allocated a twin and as we were there for 2 nights we went back to reception to see if we could change to a double. Apparently we had been given an upgraded room and if so I can only imagine how poor the standard rooms must be. Apparently no…",Date of stay: October 2013,3.0
1504,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1500-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Brilliant position for West End - excellent hotel,"Couldn't have been in a better position for theatres and shopping. Hotel was as you'd expect. Quite impersonal but beautiful room. Really, really comfortable bed. We were looking over regent Street and it was noisy at night so take your ear plugs!!!!! Didnt eat at Hotel so cant review.",Date of stay: October 2013,5.0
1505,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1505-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",What a difference a new Manager makes,"I've been staying at this Hotel since the late 80's and about a year ago and after two miserable successive stays, I got so infuriated that I wrote my first ever review on Trip Advisor and  called it never again!! I've been back in London on business about 5 times since and stayed at The Langham and The Sanctum ( just down the road ) I heard that there was a new manager at the hotel and for whatever reason I decided to give these guys one more chance. I wasn't disappointed. Sergio and Thomas certainly have trained their staff well. Everyone was polite, actually appeared to be happy working there, the room was great, the service was like it was in the old days. I really missed this hotel and I am glad that the new team have taken Le Meridien back to its rightful place.  Thanks…",Date of stay: November 2013,5.0
1506,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1505-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, friendly staff","Family of 4 booked into a Junior Suite (to get lounge acesss) for a short weekend break to London.   Superb location - we came in from Heathrow on the Piccadilly line and the hotel is a 5 min walk from the tube.  Our room was on the 7th floor, so a little bit away from any street noise below and appeared to have been relatively recently refurbished - very spacious with a pull our double bed which the kids slept soundly in.   The lounge is on a sort of mezzanine overlooking the check-in area. We were allowed to use it while our room was being cleaned before check-in  (we got to the hotel at around 12:00 noon). Nice array of breakfast items and snacks in the evening.  Overall a great stay!",Date of stay: January 2013,5.0
1507,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1505-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Afternoon tea at the meridien,Lovely afternoon tea in the grill terrace. We happy to tweak the fillings of the sandwiches as we requested. Lovely warm scones and fabulous pastries too. Obviously not the cheapest place to have a cuppa. But money well spent,Date of stay: August 2013,4.0
1508,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1505-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Great Hotel, Great Location","We stayed at this hotel for our daughter's wedding, as well as some of the wedding guests.  The staff were extremely helpful and courteous throughout our stay.  Our room was very comfortable  with all modern amenities.  We thought the buffet breakfasts were absolutely fabulous.  The hotel has a great location for visiting all major attractions.  Would highly recommend. l",Date of stay: October 2013,4.0
1509,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1505-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",A great Saturday night stay!,"Having booked a last minute deal for a mystery hotel, this is what we were allocated! A good sized room and very quiet for its location. A huge comfortable double bed and we had free coffees in their Latitude bar. On arrival we chilled out at the spa in the basement, swimming in the pool, having a steam and a jacuzzi before heading out for the evening. Just one night, but there were no complaints!",Date of stay: October 2013,4.0
1510,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1510-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, comfortable room","This was actually our second stay at the Le Meridien Piccadilly and it was really great both times we stayed.  The first time, we were on the top floor (think attic type room) and the room was large, but it hadn't been updated.  For this stay, we were on the first floor in a renovated room overlooking Piccadilly street.  They did a very nice job renovating the room - the room was spacious, the bed was comfortable and the finishings were more modern.  The bathroom was also well renovated, although I found the sink to be a tad on the small side.  As others have mentioned, the location of this property is really great.  You can walk to the theater area, lots of good shopping and there is a Tesco just about a block away, so you can pick up water and snacks.  Our room was facing…",Date of stay: October 2013,5.0
1511,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1510-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent location,"The location can't be better, near Myfair and no far from the City. The hotel is ok, but need some update, some rooms are much older than others and I don't like guessing... Staff is friendly but sometimes overworked",Date of stay: September 2013,4.0
1512,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1510-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Wonderful location,"My partner and I stayed at Le meridian Piccadilly  over Christmas last year. We were in the middle of our 4 month trip and so far we had been with family. Arriving at the hotel was magical! The atmosphere surrounding the hotel was just buzzing with excitement and the staff apron arrival were very friendly.   Our room was on the 4th floor between Piccadilly and regent streets. At first we were a bit annoyed but with all the hustle and bustle we actually quite enjoyed the peace and quite.   We are from Australia and are used to Christmases being very hot, and spent by the pool,choosing Le meridian was partly because of the pool and very much because of the location. The pool was great and No body else was down there.  We ate at the terrace bar and grill every morning, as it was…",Date of stay: December 2012,4.0
1513,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1510-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Meh,"Great location but guilty of being a bit too pleased with itself. The bar was closed on a Sunday and the restaurant bar whilst open Sundays, closed at 11pm  Executive club was not executive and we had continual issues with the keycards which were not properly addressed",Date of stay: October 2013,3.0
1514,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1510-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Better Second Time Around,"My first stay was in a deluxe room. This visit i was upgraded to a Club Room on the 8th floor which was excellent - large room with a view over Piccadilly. Larger bathroom but unfortunately still shower over bath (perhaps a historical remnant of the building?). Service was good and my group all had positive experiences of the stay so that sowed some consistency. My room wasn't ready on arrival so they bought me a drink in the bar which was nice, especially as they said anything I wanted. If only the breakfast was more reasonable or they offered a continental option. At 27 pounds i don't use their beautiful breakfast room (unfortunately) and go across the street to Costa Coffee as they are the earliest opener in the area. Like everyone else says the location is amazing. Its…",Date of stay: October 2013,5.0
1515,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1515-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","""Location, location, location.""","I selected ‘Le Meridien’ because it is the hotel closest to the BAFTA film-theatre, Piccadilly, (that’s London – not the one located in Manchester) where my wife and I were attending a premier screening of a film we’re ‘backing’. Just pop across the road and a saunter past St. James church (a Wren building) and there we were .. spot-on for central London location.  Making our on-line reservation went faultlessly, with every cost-option available and with both confirmation and ‘Welcome to ..’ emails dispatched to my home location. I can’t help feeling that this hotel – maybe this chain – have a problem with a split-personality. American-owned but French-themed .. in which nationality is this hotel located ? Both seem to be vying with each other .. with neither being completely…",Date of stay: October 2013,3.0
1516,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1515-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Should've been so much better...,"I've stayed at this hotel twice now over the past year, and unfortunately both times I have been disappointed. I really WANT to like it - it's a stunning building in a fabulous location, and the Le Meridien brand suggests a premium experience - but poor service and standards let this hotel down.  Positives: Location, location, location... next to Piccadilly Circus, right by the tube, and walking distance to all of the West-end attractions. The building itself is grand and impressive, with a gorgeous, contemporary lobby... great first impression! The rooms are tastefully decorated and (at first glance) seem upscale and modern, with marble-clad bathrooms and high-quality amenities. If you have a chance, visit the swimming pool... it's like a soothing subterranean spa, very grand…",Date of stay: August 2013,3.0
1517,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1515-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",2 stays in last 30 days,"I stayed at Le Meridien Picacadilly  twice in last 30 days.  You can't beat the location. The front desk service is excellent.  Breakfast at club lounge could use some more variety.  The only complaint is that floor in the room make creepting sound when you walk probably due to the age of the property.  You could also hear people next door and outside as the sound proofing is not very good. I decided to stay at St, Ermin hotel near St. James park on my thrid trip to london as it is much quieter property probably as it is next to new Scotland Yard.  If you prefer location over quiteness, this is the place for you. ",Date of stay: October 2013,4.0
1518,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1515-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent location,"I chose the hotel because of two factors; the first one because of its location, which I believe the best among all my stays in London. As it is steps away from Piccadilly Circus tube station. Which even connects Heathrow if you bare all the stops. The second reason for choosing Le Meridian, being a platinum SPG member I wanted to take advantage of the benefits.   The concierge guys were helpful to the extend that they provided me with a stroller for my kid. It was an old left over apparently, yet it helped a lot for a long day walking, until I received my new one from Amazon.   The receptionist was very helpful. Upgraded me to a club room for my SPG status. And offered me to choose from two rooms. One with a view and one without. I chose the one without the view, because simply…",Date of stay: October 2013,4.0
1519,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1515-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","I really wanted to like it, but....","My overall rating started as 5 stars. The location is outstanding (just steps away from Picadilly Circus and the tube stop) and the exterior and the lobby were very inviting. I arrived just before Noon and was greeted very warmly and was able to get an early check-in, so off to a great start. The room was relatively large by European standards, so also good.   But things started to take a turn after that. My room was facing Regent Street, which is ridiculously noisy. There clearly was no glazing or insulation on the windows, and the street noise was unbearable. I barely slept for two nights before finally getting moved to a quieter room.   In addition there was just a series of smaller issues, none of which were significant but overall added up to a level of service or quality…",Date of stay: October 2013,3.0
1520,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1520-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great location but...,This hotel has one of the best locations in London with easy access to the underground. In fact coming from Heathrow it's an easy 3 pound train ride directly to Piccadilly square. Walk across the street and you're there. Piccadilly and bakerloo lines take you most places without switching. The concierge was very helpful. The bar was nice. That's the good. The room was terrible. When people say no view they mean it. Our one window was frosted so you couldn't even see what the weather was outside. Impossible to open too. I would request at least a room with CLEAR windows.  It was like sleeping in a nutshell.,Date of stay: October 2013,3.0
1521,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1520-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Excellent location, but...","Stayed here last saturday night for anniversary treat/theatre package. Arrived early, and was told we could check in. However, the room still had luggage in from previous occupants. Returned to desk, and was thanked for our honesty, but was told we would have to return later for our room. When we asked if it would be the same room we were told no. On our return the room we were allocated was in a quiet location, which we liked, but instead of overlooking Piccadilly, overlooked rooftops. It had a sloping ceiling was dark and felt dingy, unlike the other room which was bright. so, a disappointment. There was only enough shower gel left for one person (found out late in evening after bath), and only two of each type of tea bags, so ended up buying more outside as did not want to…",Date of stay: October 2013,3.0
1522,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1520-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Tired,"Old furniture, not a hospitable concierge, small tired rooms and bathrooms with very week water pressure.  Yet, the location is excellent, good for shopping, clubbing, and near to the best restaurants, and Theater district. I don't think I'd ever stay there again, especially with all the other options in the area ",Date of stay: October 2013,2.0
1523,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1520-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great location - could be so much better,"I recently spent 4 nights at the Le Meridien Piccadilly. As a regular to Starwood and a frequent U.S. Le Meridien guest I had high expectations. They were not met.  The location is fabulous - walk to everything. Tube is close, theaters and restaurants are crazy close. The hotel conditions are OK. Service is lacking. Room was not available when we arrived however they did allow us to use their health club which was very nice. This was nice but when I went back to check in - it took almost 20 minutes for the desk attendant to get us checked in to a very average room. Asked for a converter to be sent up and they never sent up. Had to ask again the next day. Requested green plan and room not to be cleaned, however that was messed up as well and I had to go request.  Door man was…",Date of stay: September 2013,3.0
1524,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1520-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Terrible! Not a 5 star!,Within minutes of checking into the Hotel I knew that the negative reviews I had read were all true.  The receptionist was not friendly and not professional...I couldn't understand what he was saying! The rooms are tiny with no view. The bathroom reminds me of the 80's and when I asked to change the room the receptionist just said: I'm sorry but the Hotel is full! I have stayed in many 5 star hotels including meridien and I have to say the only good think of this Hotel is the location. 5 minutes walk from the main london atractions. The rooms need to be urgently refurbished and please forgive the receptionists as they don't seem to have any professional training how to serve a guest! There are other good Hotels in london. No need to pay for a bad service.,Date of stay: September 2013,2.0
1525,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1525-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Good business/tourist hotel,"Six nights in an executive suite - a separate living room, a bedroom, and two bathrooms. Huge space for two people. Note though suites in this hotel don't come with view. It's a good business hotel, but definitely dated. Club lounge was okay for breakfast and evening snacks. Good location - right in front of bus stop, close to tube and many shops in Piccadilly.",Date of stay: October 2013,3.0
1526,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1525-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Dirty and not accommodating,"Stains all over the bathroom and carpet.  Found stains also on the flush in toilet and on pillows.  When asked for assistance, the staff does not want to help.   Also their housekeeping service is not available after 11.  So if you run out of toilet paper beware you will have to call the concierge.  No air in the bathroom so expect to poo and stink up your room.  Mind you my room is not a classic room, it is a family suite and still awful.  Would noy recommend at all!!",Date of stay: October 2013,2.0
1527,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1525-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Average hotel at a great location,"Location: Located at heart of central London, nothing can get better than this. 100 meters from Piccadilly circus and the tube station  Value for money: Poor - Paid upwards of USD 400/night.   Rooms: The rooms are small, furnished well though. There was no view from the room, a small window which (did not open) to a drainage pipe. My room was at 3rd floor which had a mezzanine floor and the two levels on each floor had stairs - not connected by lift/ramp. I had a heavy case which I had to drag through the stairs. The walk to the room was like a dimly lit tunnel, felt eerie sometimes. It's a very old building  Breakfast - Given I'm SPG Platinum, I had access to complimentary continental breakfast which was good. Would have liked atleast 1-2 hot food options  I stayed for 6 nights…",Date of stay: September 2013,3.0
1528,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1525-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Hotel alright, location fantastic","Like most places in central London, hotel rooms come with a price tag for the post code. In other words, the price is not necessarily justified by the actual room but rather reflects the location. This is certainly true for the Le Meridien which is a nice hotel, however their prices are inflated due to the aforementioned effect.  Another thing that goes for many hotels in central London: the rooms are not exactly spacious (unless we are talking about suites) and everything feels a bit crammed. This is not an issue unique to the Le Meridien, as I said, but surely this hotel fits into that pattern. The same does not only apply to the bedrooms, but also to the bathrooms which in my case felt rather small.  On the upside, the hotel is located in a spectacular spot: opposite beloved…",Date of stay: September 2013,3.0
1529,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1525-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Started badly and got worse,"Unfortunately when we went to check in at 5pm we were told our room would not be ready until 6pm because one of their regular customers had requested a late checkout.  As we had a reservation at 5.45 we couldn't wait and another room was found.  However, the gentleman did explain that although the new room was the same class it was not as nice a room as first allocated. He was right.  The room (219) was very small and very tired.  The aircon only gave out warm air and the tv picture was mostly pink.  When we got back that evening we asked to be moved to a better room. Unfortunately they were now full, so no. That evening the room was very stuffy so we opened the window.  Unfortunately it overlooked an alley where at 3am a tanker stopped to pump waste for an hour so back to a…",Date of stay: September 2013,2.0
1530,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1530-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","fine, but not spectacular","Property is in an excellent location - near to underground, shops, restaurants, theater. But, the facility is a little dated and service is mediocre. I've had the same level of service at hotels half the price. The staff was a bit patronizing and overall not very friendly. The doormen were nice, but I was ignored by the concierge even after making eye contact. The room and bath was fine, but dated. The room was outfitted only a desk and closet, no dresser, forcing you to live out of your suitcase. There was no turn-down service, or extra perks considering the price point.",Date of stay: September 2013,3.0
1531,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1530-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","All that glitters, is not gold","First impressions from the website and price, is that this is a 5 star hotel. But it didn't feel like it when you were there. The night we stayed, there was an event on Regent Street and our room looked out onto it. It was very noisy with different music playing simultaneously and whilst not the hotels' fault, very disappointing for us. On asking to be moved, we were told the hotel was full. The receptionists' attitude was curt and unsympathetic. He asked us to wait whilst he discussed the matter with his colleague at the Club desk, then said he would move us to another room. Great news, but why say it was full when it wasn't?  The room we were moved to was in a quiet part of the hotel and much appreciated by us. It was much bigger than the previous one, despite the fact it was…",Date of stay: September 2013,3.0
1532,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1530-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Excellant location and service.,"I am a frequent visitor to London. This trip was the best. It was due to the hotel's location. However, the furniture may need renovation. All service staff especially the concierge and the bell captain.                      ",Date of stay: August 2013,5.0
1533,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1530-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great Stay in London,My daughter and I stayed here in September 2013 and loved it.  We only wish we could have stayed longer because our room was so spacious and beautiful!  The hotel has a great location.  Our room was very clean and the beds were extremely comfortable.  The hotel staff was so kind and helpful with restaurant suggestions and helping with taxi service.  We had the continental breakfast included with our room which was nice.  I would recommend this hotel and I hope to return some day.,Date of stay: September 2013,5.0
1534,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1530-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Good, but not great hotel","All-in-all, it was a good hotel and I may stay there again.  Location: location is the best thing this hotel has going for them. Quick to rail lines to/from LGW and LHR and quick to many attractions in the city.  Fantastic location.  Rooms:  they were OK.  The bathrooms were a little problematic, as the faucets were very old and apparently had worn out gaskets.  Our shower had two settings:  scolding hot and freezing cold, which I had to iterate between to maintain a reasonable body temperature.  But the rooms had good space, nice furniture, in room tea and instant coffee.  Service:  pretty good.  The concierge couldn't tell us where to get Fish & Chips nearby, which was a bit of a concern (we found some ourselves which wasn't too difficult), but other than that things were…",Date of stay: September 2013,4.0
1535,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1535-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great Location,Very central. Reasonable service though the concierges choose to hide in the back and people are waiting for service. The breakfast is good and the beds comfortable. The door stoppers in front closet doors and the bathroom are a safety hazard. I stubbed my toe so badly the first day that I could not wear shoes for two days. All in all it's a good choice for a hotel that is close to everything.,Date of stay: August 2013,4.0
1536,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1535-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great hotel,"We stayed for three nights over a long weekend. I contacted the hotel the previous week to ask for an interconnecting room but upon arrival we were told none were available, but they offered us a free upgrade for one of the rooms to an executive suite with the other room oposite the corridor. The rooms are excellent, good size with large comfortable beds. Bathroom very clean. Free continental breakfast was avaible on the mezzanine level. Always plenty of food. Breakfast included toast, breads, croissants,voghurts, fresh fruit, plenty of fruit juices. Free afternoon tea and evening canapés also avaible if you book a club room. We used the swimming pool once and really enjoyed it. All the staff we came across were very friendly and helpful   I was was slightly concerned about…",Date of stay: September 2013,5.0
1537,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1535-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Good Hotel In Great Location,"Stayed in the Le Meridien Piccadilly with my family in August.  I thought it was a very good hotel in a great location.  The layout was pleasant.  We had a very large room that accommodated the family.  There is a nice pool, gym and business center.  The bar in the basement was quite nice.  There is a restaurant and bar on the 2nd or 3rd floor that has nice views over Piccadilly and is a good place to have a drink.  The service for dinner was slow and uneven, but the food was good. We found the staff very helpful and attentive.  There is a nice continental breakfast that was included for us (I'm not sure if it was a Platinum perk or included with the room).  The food was good for a free continental breakfast.  The room for breakfast though was far too small and very crowded. …",Date of stay: August 2013,4.0
1538,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1535-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Looks great from outside but a disappointment inside,"It is a hotel most people have seen from the outside, being where it is. Sadly, it is much more mediocre once you go inside. The frustrating thing is that they slip on little things, despite trying honestly hard  Pros: - Location is amazing, right at Piccadilly Circus! - Pool is really pretty and has all the facilities  Cons: - Rooms are tiny and uncomfortable. Furniture is OK (typical Boring British which always feels dated, but I presume this is by design), however, toilet is tiny, whole bathroom is cramped - Maybe because I was close to the elevator, but room was really noisy. The doors barely cover the entrance and has zero dampening ability, so I was awaken many times by people walking and talking in the corridor - Breakfast is a mess. It is not a buffet, to begin with. One…",Date of stay: September 2013,3.0
1539,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1535-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Got there in the end,"Just returned from a weekend away in this hotel - having really looked forward to a little luxury in a 5* hotel in town As with other reporters, our room also had the ""internal water feature"" built into the walls of what could best be described at best as a 4* room - Premier Inn with a mini-bar! OK - it's VERY central London with an ideal position - so you accept some short-comings on the room size and furnishings However when we tried to get a pre-dinner drink in the ""Residents Lounge"" - every table was full of uneaten food and dirty plates - no staff to be seen - no table tidying underway - appalling.  We then tried to get a seat in the main bar [obviously open to non-residents!] and couldn't find a free seat anywhere - not a great start to a romantic evening! We reported this…",Date of stay: September 2013,3.0
1540,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1540-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Fab hotel in the heart of London life,"The exterior and the ground floor of le Meridien are stunning, and the staff are the immaculate, top class you would expect from a hotel like this. Standard rooms are quite small, but nicely decorated with traditional furniture but nice clean modern decor, The bathroom is clean and spacious.  There is some noise from outside, but you couldn't expect anything else given the location, just off Piccadilly and it's a small price to pay for the location - just a minute, if that, from Piccadilly Circus tube station, and a very short totter back to your cosy room from the life and vibrancy of Leicester Square, Theatre land, China Town, Piccadilly.",Date of stay: September 2013,4.0
1541,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1540-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Best Hotel GM ever!,"I just spent one week at Le Meridian Piccadilly.   It was in August and that area is somewhat crowded with tourists, but it is so convenient! Also, the hotel being just 1/2 block from Piccadilly makes all the difference in terms of feeling more spacious, although you are in the thick of everything.  London is super, super expensive, so I always better somewhat bitter about money/quality ratio. Also, I was somewhat apprehensive, since there was a very special personal event I was celebrating, while being there for business.   The experience, turned out to be truly, truly unique.   The hotel's GM is one of the most caring, nice, generous individuals I have encountered. He is truly involved in the management of the hotel. And in my case, he understood that for me it was about…",Date of stay: August 2013,5.0
1542,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1540-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Class and more class!,"Le Meridien Picadilly is a luxury hotel in a great location, very friendly staff, breakfast and PM tea for those who are part of the Starwood plan.... location is great, ten minute walk to Leicester Square. Easy access to China town.  Close to theatre district. West of hotel are some great restaurants, ten minute walk. (Bentley).... Rooms were elegant and comfortable, quiet at night.",Date of stay: August 2013,5.0
1543,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1540-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, rooms are old.","You really can't beat this location as it is right outside of the Picadilly Circus stop near the ""times square of London"".  It is BUSY here, as the backside of the hotel is right on Regent Street and its very close to all of the shows, shopping and just far enough from the central plaza that you don't have unbearable crowds in front of your hotel.    I showed up early, but the staff has to ""remember"" that some rooms are double bed rooms, even though they are marked queen bed rooms on the system.  I had to ask for a switch because I crashed out in a twin bed room.  For 210 pounds/night, I didn't want to sleep in a twin bed for a week.    Overall, the room was very clean, however, you can't hide the fact that the building is VERY old, creaky floors, thin walls and loud neighbors. …",Date of stay: September 2013,3.0
1544,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1540-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Very well located,"Stayed here for two nights on a quick business trip into London. Can't fault the hotel for its excellent location on Piccadilly - just off the main Piccadilly Circus. Great place if you want to take a quick walk to the tourist traps of Leicester Square or the bars / food of Soho. I buy my shirts at Jermyn Street so the hotel was excellently placed for me to just pop in for a few minutes.  Be careful when booking a room here as they have rooms that face the main street and rooms that are on internal courtyards.  I had a junior suite which faced inwards so had no problem with noise, unlike some other reviewers. The exec lounge is passable but feels like an '80s airport waiting area.  Breakfast is also mediocre but does its job of filling you up. Not to worry, plenty of cafes just…",Date of stay: September 2013,4.0
1545,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1545-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",great place to stay,Service was excellent everywhere except breakfast in the restaurant. Good room .Bar good Location in Piccadilly is excellent. Location makes this hotel a must. The reception staff and front office were excellent. The porters are helpful and look after you on every occasion,Date of stay: September 2013,5.0
1546,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1545-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Noisy hotel, I you actually want to sleep don't stay here!","In addition to constant road noise & sirens from emergency vehicles that wake you up every half hour, there was also a drain in the internal wall in my room which sounded like a constant shower running all night.  (Room 218) this is after i explicitly stated i wanted a quiet room!  In addition the rooms, especially bathrooms are more like a dated 4 star standard. Far from 5 star experience, will never stay here again",Date of stay: September 2013,1.0
1547,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1545-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Location location location,"Who says location doesn't cut it? Stay in the le meridian Piccadilly, be a walk away from most theaters, sightseeing , shopping, and many great restaurants and all else will be secondary to that location.  Minutes from everything, and located right by the Piccadilly tube station, on top if it being a really good hotel ( not cheap I might add) makes it all the more attractive. The rooms are so so, somewhat the old English style, and the view from our room was nothing to write home about, but the terrace at breakfast time is breathtaking to wake up to, all glass and really fancy, and the business Lounge was a real saver in between meals, actually serving some hot dishes at around 5 pm. The service in the hotel is suburb and very friendly, what else can you ask for? ( well maybe a…",Date of stay: April 2013,5.0
1548,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1545-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",GREAT LOCATION AND VERY COMFORTABLE,"Stayed at the above Hotel 30th Aug - 2nd Aug. Found all the staff very accommodating. The room was large and everything that should be there was, the bed  was large and pillows were very comfortable. There were dressing gowns and slippers supplied, the bathroom had a bath and shower, but I found the bath very small , but there was always hot water on demand.   We had breakfast at the hotel, firstly I cannot deny that the breakfast was superior, the fresh fruit to die for, but the service was none existence for a 5 star hotel, the first morning we were surrounded by empty tables piled high with finished food, the second day we had nearly finished our breakfast before our beverages arrived that we had ordered when we first got there.  We had to continually ask where were they. …",Date of stay: August 2013,4.0
1549,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1545-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Love this place,"Elegant hotel, very well situated for sight-seeing, shopping and transport. Helpful staff. Very clean rooms of variable size and quality. Some can be dark. Club lounge pretty good for quick breakfast and snacks at other times during the day.",Date of stay: September 2013,4.0
1550,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1550-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great hotel,"This hotel does get 5 stars for service, the staff were great, we had no problems with our requests.  We did have a small room, could hardly fit 2 people in the bathroom, the bedroom was small, but big enough.  We spent very little time in it.  Probably had something to do with booking on Priceline, or maybe because I asked for a room in the back that was quiet and that is all they had left.  We slept good, the bed was very comfortable.  Check-in was quick.  We could walk to the 2 theaters we went to, and the tube station was close by.  We would definitely stay here again.",Date of stay: August 2013,4.0
1551,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1550-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Thee Best LOCATION!!!,"Upon arriving we were a bit disappointed in the quality and size of the room, but after a couple of days in town, none of that mattered.  This must be the absolute best location for a hotel... half a block from Piccadilly Circus.  We were able to walk to nearly all the sights and attractions.  The bed was comfortable, so after a long day, that's all we cared about when it came to the room.  Buckingham, West End, Covent Garden, Leicester Square, Trafalgar Square, Westminster... everywhere was within walking distance, and if it wasn't, the Tube station was half a block away.  So basically, if you're going to London to stay in your room, don't book here... if you're exploring, book here.",Date of stay: September 2013,5.0
1552,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1550-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",A few problems but good overall,"First of all, you cannot beat this location for London sightseeing. It is literally steps from a Tube stop, and is also so centrally located that you can walk to many sights. Our room was quite large, especially for a central London hotel, but we did have a club level room which may explain its size. Our only complaint about the room is that we could not get it cool enough, which affected our sleep a little.  We did not eat in the restaurant but we had breakfast here almost daily as it came with our room rate. The selection was quite good, but was not re-stocked often enough. We only had the cold items, but hot ones were available to order. The breakfast room also had hors d'oeuvres and drinks in the evening, which we visited a few times. This was a nice touch.  Service was…",Date of stay: October 2012,4.0
1553,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1550-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Very good, no complaints","This property is steps away from the Picadilly Circus tube station. While the lobby is quite small, there were always enough staff to keep people moving. The rooms are well kept and having seen other rooms, they vary quite a bit in size and view. My room was rather small but had everything I needed. It was clean and everything worked perfectly. Housekeeping was fine for all 5 days. One great addition is a dual port USB charging station on the desk and wireless that always worked. The staff were always helpful. I visited the club lounge and while small, again had everything you would expect and the food was quite good. The breakfast in the restaurant had a good selection but I found the cooked food quite salty for my taste. Overall, nothing but good things to say about this…",Date of stay: August 2013,4.0
1554,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1550-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",A Lovely Stay,"My husband and I visit London often as we have family there, and when we opt to escape from family...this is our go to place.  The location is convenient and the room we had was VERY large for a London hotel room.  The service was nice and we especially enjoyed the privileges of the ""club level.""  Not sure if that is what the hotel called it, but we had access to complimentary breakfast and afternoon snacks.  Beer and wine was included in the afternoon hours.  The spa was a bit small, but I did manage to have a nice manicure.  We also enjoyed the intimacy of the Lobby Bar.",Date of stay: October 2012,4.0
1555,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1555-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Large room with 2 bathrooms and wonderful Platinum lounge,"Stayed 3 weeks while working in London in 2012.  This was my first time to London and I expected a small room  To my surprise, room was huge with 2 bathrooms.  Not much of a view being so close to other buildings, but that is London.  Congierce  lounge was wonderful and usually my dinner on most nights.  Staff was very pleasant.   Good location, not too far from Hyde Park.    My only wish would be to have American TV stations.",Date of stay: October 2012,4.0
1556,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1555-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Terrible service from staff at this hotel,"The staff at this hotel are very, very rude. Myself and my partner arrived here to check in (after a long flight) to be told that they couldn't find our booking (this turned out to be their mistake and not ours). We were then told to sit in the corner and wait... which turned out to be 45 minutes, whilst members of staff ignored us and served other guests. The hotel manager was very rude and unhelpful - we missed our restaurant booking as a result and I would NOT recommend staying at this hotel!",Date of stay: April 2013,1.0
1557,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1555-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, cozy bed","My sister and I stayed for four nights during summer, we find the hotel staffs very friendly, breakfast was delicious with nice latte and tea. The room was not spacious but I guess it was probably the same for other central London hotels. The bathroom looked a little old to be honest but it was working alright. The bed was very comfortable. The downside is the Internet was quite expensive, but they do offer free wifi at the lobby and restaurants. The location was just great, we could,walk to a lot of areas with many shops and restaurants just nearby.",Date of stay: August 2013,5.0
1558,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1555-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Perfect Location,"We stayed for a week on a family vacation just after Wimbledon.  The staff was very accommodating and friendly.  The lobby can get quite busy at times which can be frustrating, but in general the entire staff seems to really do everything they can to meet all requests.  First and foremost, the location is perfect for anyone looking to be close to all the best of London.  You are in walking distance of Trafalgar Square, all the theaters, great shopping, Big Ben, the London Eye, Buckingham Palace and so many museums.  Perhaps most importantly, the hotel is 50 yards from the Piccadilly Underground stop which is the most central for easy connections to anywhere in London. The pool was a big plus with our kids - the perfect way to relax after a day of sight seeing.  The spa and…",Date of stay: July 2013,4.0
1559,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1555-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Unbeatable location!,"Stayed at Le Meridien for 3 nights; we were celebrating my daughter's 13th and my mother's 85th birthday. We had a fairly nice and spacious corner room (Club Room) on the 5th floor, with two bathrooms, which was highly appreciated. However, there were minor issues that I would not have expected from a five star hotel, such as squeaky floors, stained carpets and torn robes...  Unfortunately we had to wait until 2:30 for our room, although we had requested an early check-in, which made our first day a bit hectic. However, the staff - especially Stella from the Guest Relations team - were very helpful and tried their best to feel welcome; we even received the cutest (and most delicious) birthday cake right after (finally) having checked into our room.  The best thing about the…",Date of stay: August 2013,4.0
1560,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1560-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Very nice hotel!,"Stayed here for one night so we could visit the theatre - although we live about 12 miles away, C London means 12 miles can be a 2 hour drive!! Anyhow, very grand hotel with pleasant staff, lovely big rooms, TV with some channels on - bathrooms are a bit cramped but the speaker under the sink to hear the TV is a nifty idea!! Location wise - about 5 min walk up to Picadilly Circus - so within a 10 minute walk to everything, including Soho and Covent Garden. The breakfast was a bit....disappointing, but we turned up 30 mins before the end, so could be that all the good stuff had gone! I do, however, feel the price of the items such as mini bar, drinks, food is a bit high - but we're in The West End, so I'm sure quality probably matches it at least in part! All in all - good hotel,…",Date of stay: August 2013,4.0
1561,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1560-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Incompetent staff,"I left my swim trunks on the towel rack to dry and forgot to pack them before I left. I called and they ""were not found in the room."" So the maid threw them out. Nice. I mean how effen' hard is it to throw something in the lost and found? I asked when I checked out to have the receipts for my two rooms emailed to me to my address on file (I am SPG plat and booked with my account, so I know it's correct). Receipts never came. I called, did the run-around with accounting that never answered, and finally asked the front desk to have the receipts emailed to me. One came. The other did not. I don't have time for this incompetence. Now my poor assistant has to wrangle with these imbeciles. Too bad, as the remodeled rooms are quite nice and the location is fantastic.",Date of stay: August 2013,3.0
1562,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1560-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Good location,"Very good location although not for people with a car as parking and driving restrictions in that part of town will drive you insane. The hotel is nice, clean and the rooms are spacious. The staff are very friendly and responsive.The rooms are fairly priced compared to the service and overall package. The restaurant is overpriced for what you get but that seems to be a general problem in London anyway...",Date of stay: July 2013,4.0
1563,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1560-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","great location, good perks","I was apprehensive about being able to please 3 kids in a London hotel, but the Club level room helped a lot with breakfast and afternoon tea. Also, the underutilized pool was great. I went to a travel agent to book this trip initially, and she said no one asks for a pool in London. The pool is gorgeous. They also have a full gym. The room was very comfortable. There is free wireless internet for 3 devices, and they lend converters for plugging in items. Really the only complaint I have is the rug was stained all over the entire room from what appeared to be an old leak. It just needs to be replaced. The room shape was different, only due to the old architecture of the building, and it gave us a little extra room, which I didn't expect.  The concierges were great, and I took…",Date of stay: August 2013,4.0
1564,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1560-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great for staying with children,"We stayed here during the heat wave in July.  It has an indoor pool which is humongous and super chic and cool.  My kids didn't wanna leave the hotel but when we did and were out in the hot weather, it was definitely something to look forward to at the end of the day. Also ideal that they have continental breakfast so you stop and grab a quick coffee and breakfast before the day starts.  Clean and very spacious rooms.  Nice restaurant and room service.",Date of stay: July 2013,5.0
1565,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1565-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","London, in the heart of the city",This hotel is in a great location in the centre of London. The staff were very friendly and helpful. When you stay here you can walk to most of London's top attractions. The rooms are quite small but are very comfortable. Easy walk to theatre land and Covent Gardens and all the nightlife.,Date of stay: August 2013,4.0
1566,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1565-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Right in the middle of the action,"Tough to beat the location as you walk out of the Piccadilly Station Tube right into the front door of the hotel lobby. A classic old hotel with just the right amount of modern amenities and technology. As a Starwood Platinum member I was upgraded to a fantastic suite for two nights. The hotel has a Starbucks right next store and is a short walk to the Tube, while shopping, dining, Trafalgar Square, Buckingham Palace and the Covent Garden are all less than a mile walk.",Date of stay: September 2012,4.0
1567,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1565-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Big Miss #Epic Fail  :(,"First of all, the hotel is in a very good location for both sightseeing and work. Close to transportation and sightseeing. For someone who likes to walk around London, it is a perfect home base.  On our first stay, we were upgraded to a “suite” on the second floor – really more of a large meeting room (big enough to host a moderate sized board meeting or cocktail party) with a small bedroom below. If space is what you need, perfect. For a comfortable stay in London, no real value. Additionally, the windows of the room looked onto the restaurant (tables right outside our window) that really impacted our privacy and comfort.  Prior to our return, I called from Greece and requested a higher floor. The front desk staff was really responsive and found a suite on the ninth floor. We…",Date of stay: July 2013,2.0
1568,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1565-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Ticks all the boxes!,"We stayed here on Saturday night (10th), as we had comedy club tickets. The room was very comfortable, the bed and bed lining was luxurious, the room was very clean as was the bathroom.  The staff were great.  I can't comment on anything else as we weren't there long enough.  We didn't have breakfast as it seemed very expensive to us, but there is a lovely café a few steps further down the road. Above all the location is fantastic!",Date of stay: August 2013,5.0
1569,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1565-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great Location and Comfortable Rooms,"Stayed at Le Meridien Piccadilly on my first visit to London.  Being a Starwood Gold member, I used points to book the room and it did require quite a bit of points for  a 2 night stay during the summer.  I was glad that access to the club lounge was included.  The pros and cons of this property are as follows: Pros: Location, Location, Location Proximity to the theater district Close to fantastic shopping (June is a great month for sales!) Lots of restaurant options nearby Overall, the hotel was comfortable Cons: For what it would have cost to stay, or the amount of points required, the hotel is a bit dated.  Was on the top floor and the bathrooms were small and in need of a facelift Service was also inconsistent at times.  Had difficulty getting change anywhere. Concierge…",Date of stay: June 2013,3.0
1570,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1570-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",My First Choice Next Visit,Our family just finished a week-long stay.  We were in an executive suite and it was fabulous.  The size is very generous for any hotel (no less a London hotel) and ample for a young family.  The staff at the lounge were wonderful and very helpful though sometimes hard to find (during non-meal hours).  The facilities for a business traveller were a little limited but the concierge managed to deal with our needs.  The location was great for visitors and business travellers being so close to West End and the tube station.  This is definitely our destination on our next visit.,Date of stay: August 2013,4.0
1571,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1570-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Always my first choice in London,"I travel to London quite frequently on business, and I always stay at Le Méridien because I appreciate the perfect location and the spacious, renovated rooms. They have a beautiful restaurant on the 2nd floor, with excellent food and drinks. The staff is extremely helpful and friendly, and they make you feel very safe and welcome.  The hotel is practically on Piccadilly Circus, so you have great access to the city via the tube, and Regent street is around the corner for some shopping. Also perfect if you are visiting a theater or musical, as everything is nearby.  I can't wait to be back :-)",Date of stay: July 2013,4.0
1572,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1570-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent experience,Our stay got off to a very good start at check in where a lady called Stella made us feel like VIPs. Although we had arrived early and thought we would leave our bag with the concierge we were very pleased to be able to check into our large and comfortable room.  It is apparent that the hotel caters for guests from the US as the air conditioning was good and all the tv channels most easily accessed were American.  I like bottles of water to be provided at no charge and having an ironing board and iron meant that we could choose to refresh any clothes.  A king size bed with comfortable pillows etc and tea and coffee making facilities made it very relaxed.The facilities of the pool and spa make a stay in central London feel very good. We found the service from all the staff to be…,Date of stay: August 2013,5.0
1573,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1570-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Good location, weird service","I'm not really a fan of Piccadilly.  But, the great thing about it is the access to the bus and the tube.  The hotel is just steps from both.  It's an easy trip from Heathrow.  We arrived around 12 pm, a couple of hours too early to check in.  Nevertheless, a VERY chatty woman at the front desk promised us a room with two beds (as we had reserved and pre-paid for) and told us that she locked in a specific room.  She then proceeded to sell us on other stuff but was basically talking without listening because she prattled on even though we said we weren't interested.  It was weird.  We went out and explored and then returned to the hotel around 4 pm, whereupon we were checked in by another woman who pulled up our reservation and declared that we didn't have a room.  What?  Well,…",Date of stay: July 2013,4.0
1574,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1570-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",The location can't be beaten,"I got this hotel as a last minute deal and paid a little more than I usually would because it was for a special occasion. The hotel is billed as a 5* but I would say overall it's no better than some of the decent 4* hotels in London.  The location of this hotel is brilliant, especially if you are a tourist - it's literally a minute's walk from Piccadilly Circus, Oxford St, Regent St etc.   The room was very nice, clean, spacious with nice extras like bottles of water, biscuits, good toiletries, bathrobes and slippers. We had a room on the 5th floor and it was nice and quiet (aside from an extremely loud man next door who I could hear talking through the joining door, but I think he was especially loud!).  We ate in the terrace restaurant which was lovely and the food and…",Date of stay: July 2013,4.0
1575,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1575-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Solid basics but service needs attention,"I booked a room w/ 2 queen beds for my family of four at the end of our 3 week vacation.  We travelled with quite a bit of luggage, so I was very pleased that the small room I was anticipating (300sqr feet)  was much larger (about 500 sqr feet).    We checked in one late afternoon, only to be told by the front desk that our room was still being serviced.  Despite booking a club level room, the front desk did not suggest that we cool our travel-weary heels in the club lounge, until I asked for access to the club while we waited. We were soon shown to our very nice (and large) room.  Bell staff were excellent, deliverying the luggage quickly.  The concierge should get and read ""Concierge for dummies,"" as they seem not to know why they exist. Prior to arrival, I asked for them to…",Date of stay: July 2013,4.0
1576,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1575-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent central location,"Booked a night here on last minute.com. It was one of the top secret offers. Good price at £150 for a sat night.   When we arrived we were told we had been upgraded to a deluxe room ehich was very nice, clean and comfy. Had everything we needed for the eve. Staff were all helpful and friendly.   We used the pool and whirlpool before we left in the morning, clean pool.   Location is great and once inside you can easily forget the hassle and busse outside.   Would stay again",Date of stay: July 2013,4.0
1577,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1575-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Very comfortable hotel in great location,"I stayed here for work but appreciated the fact that it was close to many of the tourist attractions and in the heart of Piccardilly.  The hotel itself is spacious and well furnished.  The room was of a good size and everything worked well.  It was very comfortable, as was the bed. There was a restaurant bar in the hotel but I didn't eat there.  All in all it was a good hotel in a very good location (especially for sightseers).",Date of stay: October 2012,5.0
1578,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1575-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great stay at a wonderful hotel,"Le Meridien Piccadilly is now my favorite hotel in London. We're SPG loyalists, and I've stayed previously at the Park Lane and Knightsbridge SPG properties. Le Meridien Piccadilly is better than both of those by a long shot, especially for Plat members.   We were upgraded to a suite and the room was gorgeous. Absolutely huge with a six person dining table and lots of space to relax. Also had two bathrooms, which is a very nice touch. Everything in the hotel seems to have been upgraded/refurbished very recently since the entire hotel seemed almost brand new.   At check-in the staff was very warm and welcoming. The GM stopped by to say hello. After we were finishing checking in, they realized that our room wasn't ready yet, so they had a staffer escort us to the Lounge and help…",Date of stay: July 2013,5.0
1579,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1575-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Nice hotel, Good location","I stay here very often for business.  I am SPG gold, so am frequently upgraded but have stayed in a variety of rooms here, all of which are very nice and spacious.  The service is generally very good.  On this past trip, however, their wifi was turned off for an entire day for maintenance, which was a pretty big issue for me and my business travel, and for which none of the staff was very apologetic or helpful.  Aside from that, the restaurants, bars, etc. are quite nice and room service is pretty decent (though very slow).  All in all given other options in London, Le Meridien is a nice choice and I would recommend it.",Date of stay: July 2013,4.0
1580,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1580-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",A perfect treat,"My stay here was a birthday treat from my daughter and it turned out to be perfect.  With temperatures in London around 34C I was relieved to find the room had air conditioning, a real blessing.  The hotel itself is ideally situated for all attractions in Central London and the staff were efficiently friendly on arrival and departure.  The room was not large but it was well appointed and adequate for our needs and the bed was huge!  Had a struggle to find somewhere to plug the kettle into, but eventually got there",Date of stay: July 2013,4.0
1581,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1580-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",lovely location but rooms need some attention,booked a room here on last minute.com as had to stay over in London impromptu. We were excited when we discovered we were staying at this hotel. Go there and check in took forever. front desk staff apologized and advised because booking was done late had not been updated on the system which i could appreciate - however it would have been nice to have been offered a glass of water whiles waiting for about 30minutes. finally  got to our room and discovered we had been given a twin bed instead of a double I requested during booking. I called the front desk and was informed this will be rectified and i will receive a callback. waited for 10minutes and nothing happened so had to go down and request a room change which was done.   We got to our room and there were hairs all over the…,Date of stay: July 2013,2.0
1582,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1580-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great Location !,"We stayed here 19-21st July as a weekend treat for my 40th Birthday. My husband had emailed prior to ask if we could get a upgrade. I am not sure if we did get one or not ... ? as our room 342 was very small and not well laid out (table and chairs blocked the window, no easily accessible plug sockets for the kettle and noisy AC) . The view was nice, facing Regent St although the restrictors on the windows (for obvious reasons) prevent you from leaning out to take in the view and goings on more. The pool area was great and a welcome use after a busy hot day shopping ! We didn't use the bar or restaurants as it is so well placed in the hub of the city there are so many more places to try. Breakfast was not included in our room rate but we went to local coffee shops for that. …",Date of stay: July 2013,3.0
1583,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1580-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Not recommended - Rooms need a serious renovation,"What a disappointment.  SPG Platinum guest -- and was appalled at the condition of the room assigned which was a ""Starwood Preferred Guest"" executive suite.    Carpets in rooms need replacing, bathrooms poorly lit  and old.      Door-frames are chipped throughout the property and painted over. Nothing housekeeping or maintenance can improve upon at this point . Frankly one of the worst rooms I have had as a loyal Starwood customer.    Hotel tried to remedy and were apologetic as only 15 rooms are renovated and all were occupied.   Absolutely, would not recommend.",Date of stay: July 2013,1.0
1584,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1580-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great hotel and VERY close to everything!,We had a great stay at the Le Méridien Piccadilly. The location to other tourist areas of London were no further than 15 minutes via the Piccadilly Circus tube stop. Most sites are walkable. The concierge was extremely helpful and pleasant. The hotel building is old with great architecture. We would definitely return!,Date of stay: June 2013,5.0
1585,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1585-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Close to everything,"I took my daughter to the Stones concert in Hyde Park this past weekend and studied where to stay, focusing on Starwood properties but wanting to stay on the Victoria line (straight from Heathrow).  We chose the Le Meridien and we were glad that we did.  The room was a bit smallish, but the hotel itself is a grand old dame - lots of character, mixing old with modern styles.    I had extra tickets for the concert - the concierge tried to get rid of them for me - worked hard, but unfortunately no takers - THANKS for trying!  Restaurants and pubs were a bit scarce in the area, but with Covent Garden just two stops to the east, why worry about that?",Date of stay: July 2013,5.0
1586,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1585-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Great Hotel, Amazing Location","We only stayed here for a night but the hotel was just beautiful. Fantastic location, close to the sights and some amazing shopping! Staff were all very helpful and the room was big and clean. Will have no qualms with booking and staying again! Thanks for a great stay! :) Elena",Date of stay: June 2013,5.0
1587,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1585-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Disappointed service.... Good location,"I booked this hotel through lastmin.com on their secret 5star hotels list as a birthday treat for my fiancé.  Upon arrive at 3:05pm to check in I was advised that our room was not available (despite a 3pm check in time stated on the booking) and then after another 10mins of standing at the check in desk, we were then advised that there was only a twin room available and there was no other room types available due to full occupancy.   I was advised that this is an issue when booking through lastminute.com they are aware of but could not do nothing. This was booking a standard room of which there was not an option for twin or double to be selected.  My fiancés face dropped and I could not believe that a 5 star hotel would have this issue, or booking through lastmin.com would cause…",Date of stay: July 2013,3.0
1588,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1585-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great Location & Better Than Expected,"After reading a number of reviews, we were initially reluctant to book but nonetheless went ahead and as we still wanted to give the Le Meridien brand a chance.  We checked in for 6 nights (Sun to Sat) and was pleased with the overall room furnishing and amenities which is indeed very good quality. We felt the lobby, lifts , restaurant ( which used to be a swimming pool in the olden days but converted to a restaurant with a transparent roof is a very relaxing place for lunch and dinner ) and overall room quality were very good.  The staff were very helpful and were always at hand to answer any queries. The location is great for nearby shopping and west end shows. We previously stayed at The Langham which is also another good hotel.   Overall for the price Le Medirien is a good…",Date of stay: June 2013,4.0
1589,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1585-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Spacious Rooms; Service Friendly But Patchy: Printers Drove Me Nuts,I was here on business for two nights. The hotel has a terrific location and the rooms are spacious for central London. The decor is a bit dated but everything is clean and working.   WIFI fast but steep at £16 per day. Common compters you have to pay for. This means that you have to pay £3 for printing unless you send docs. to the concierge or upload via a print website. You waste time doing this even though concierge was happy to send docs. to my room.  Better if they offered free use of their common computers and avoided this. (Note: printing boarding passes is free.) Scanning via the concierge is very quick and free.  They have a good health club wiht personal trainers who work until 10 PM and a decent sized swimming pool.   No complementary water in room or turn down…,Date of stay: July 2013,4.0
1590,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1590-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Spacious rooms in central London,"We stayed here for a week during mid May, I must say that the hotel was great, rooms were bigger than one can believe in Central London, there was a sense of willingness by the staff of the Hotel to help you from planning your day to arranging special needs for children etc. Location was just perfect just yards away from Piccadily circus tube station and just around the corner was the Regent street for spending time shopping. All in all a great place to be at whether you are on a Holiday or work.",Date of stay: May 2013,5.0
1591,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1590-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Nice hotel in a wonderful location,"Hotel rooms are big for London standards, and comfortable, but they lack in character, very standard, somewhat old decor. The hotel best feature is location: walking distance from many tourist attractions and interesting sites. Perfect for a brief vacation. We stayed there for 6 days, as a couple, and had a great time. The central location made it possible for us to go back to the hotel for a quick nap when we were tired in the middle of the day. Service level is uneven. It is a very big hotel with a small lobby and only a few people attending the front desk. So they are busy all the time, and you have to wait to have a chance to talk to someone. Some of them were extremely attentive and helpful, but there was a girl that had no clue and made us waist a lot of time every time we…",Date of stay: March 2013,4.0
1592,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1590-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Perfect location!,Very nice location- near the best and famous places of London. The rooms and bathrooms are big. Staff is ready to solve any problem- to book a table in restaurant etc. Breakfast is excellent -a big choice of meal! ,Date of stay: April 2013,4.0
1593,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1590-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",great!!,"After reading reviews prior to our trip , I wasn't sure that we had made a good choice, but felt very compelled to write after our stay.  Location was terrific, walking distance to many sites, room was old world awesome and charming, only small disappointment is that we requested earlier check-in (I so realize only a request) after a 4 hr flight delay we still could not check in earlier than stated time , at check out the staff seemed slightly overwhelmed and could have used more help, they were wonderful in acknowledging our 20th anniversary and made us feel special.  We were thoroughly pleased with our stay and compliments to some of the nicest staff.  Highly recommend this special property, what a gem!!! I would not even look if I returned to London I would stay again!!",Date of stay: June 2013,5.0
1594,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1590-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",enjoyed our stay,"We stayed for 3 nights on a Europe vacation.  The staff were very helpful and manged to get us a room earlier in the day.  We were given a small upgrade as part of the SPG program.  The room was well decorated with plenty of space,the only disappointment was the bed, which should have been more comfortable for the brand.  Had to get the plumbing looked after, but it did not take them long and the hotel services followed up later in the day to make sure everything was OK. Also had access to the club lounge which was nice and met expectations.    Cant beat the location for tourists and theater goers, but a little loud on Saturday night, with sirens going all night into the early morning.",Date of stay: June 2013,4.0
1595,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1595-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Location great, service less so","Stayed here for a week on business and invited my parents for a night also. Some real advantages to this hotel BUT service is very patchy. All very transactional and inconsistent. However when I asked to speak to the Duty Manager upon check out, he was very professional and apologetic so earned back a 3 rather than a 2 star rating.  Pros: - Location, location, location. Ideal for Bond Street shopping, St James/Mayfair dining and theatreland are all in walking distance, while Canary Wharf is 25 minutes away by cab.  - Good lobby, well designed - Rooms are generous for Central London and good bathrooms - Good value for money given location   Cons: - Internet did not work in whole hotel for 2 days (although staff were very apologetic about this) - Staff seem to do their job without…",Date of stay: June 2013,3.0
1596,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1595-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Expensive but amazing!,"We stayed here one night costing £150 through lastminute.com it was a secret hotel. The reception is beautiful with great sky lights. Upon arrival they said they upgraded us but most hotels say that... Our room was lovely & defiantly 5star we had two amazing big comfortable double beds, work desk, lush carpet, spacious wardrobes with lights inside, safe, mini fridge ect. Room temperature was perfect event without the aircon. I can't think of a bad word to say about this hotel apart from the price but that's to be expected in London. Best location I've ever stayed in, in London right in Piccadilly close to all the excitement, attractions, pubs, clubs, cinemas, resturants you name it, it's all here! Would love to stay agian",Date of stay: June 2013,5.0
1597,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1595-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",So Bad It's Not Even Funny,"I am not sure what to say. This ranks as the worst 5 star hotel I have ever stayed at. Read the poor reviews (of which they are lot, especially recently) and that's pretty much what this hotel is.  Above the ground floor, this is a 2 star hotel. Calling this is a 5 star hotel is totally and utterly fraudulent.  The rooms are incredibly small. The bed is uncomfortable. The carpet is shabby. Besides that, the fittings are incredibly cheap. I have never seen a supposedly luxury hotel with a shower curtain. Even the shampoos were cheap. I really don't know how to explain it other than imagine a motel and that's pretty much what the room is.   The internet was down while I was there. The buffet at the restaurant is 27GBP and it's horrible. Literally walk next door and get food that…",Date of stay: June 2013,1.0
1598,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1595-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Dreadful, over priced shoe box",I have been charged £440 for a broom cupboard. The windows are boarded up see photo. They refused to take my luggage to my room and the Internet doesn't work. Worst value in London. If tourists think this hotel represents my country - I'm embarrassed.,Date of stay: June 2013,1.0
1599,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1595-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Local Area Perfect,"This was our second visit to Le Meridien Piccadilly as it is a great location to see the sights of London and seldom have the need for a taxi or the tube.  You will be in easy walking distance to most theaters and good resturants.  Big Red Bus stop is across street and Piccadilly Circus is only a block away.  It is a managable walk to the London Eye, Parliment, changing of the guard barracks, Westminister Abby, Buckingham Palace and many other sites.  Our room was on the 9th floor wit a view of the roof next door but did not complain as we were tot there for the views.  Resturant and bar are good with excellent service - no real interaction with guest services.  All in all a clean spacious room and a very good stay of three nights.",Date of stay: May 2013,4.0
1600,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1600-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Craft cocktail heaven,"When you stay at a Le Meridien property in any country in the world, you know what to expect. That is why you stay there. True, each hotel has its own flair, but you can rest assured nothing will take you by surprise (in a bad way).  The Piccadilly location falls right in line with expectations of decor, location, service and amenities. Our room was humongous, which was actually rather unexpected. I like that these properties are modern, but accessibly so. Not too cold, more transitional.  And a delightful surprise was the craft cocktail menu at the Longitude bar. Ignacio the bartender was really fun to talk to and of course knows his craft cocktails.  He is no amateur.  :) The concierge made a last minute dinner reservation for us at a nearby restaurant too which was lovely. …",Date of stay: May 2013,4.0
1601,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1600-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Discreet and Delightful,"The hotel is superbly situated on Piccadilly, but once inside, there is an aura of calm.  We were warmly welcomed at Reception, and time was taken to explain the various features and facilities. As members of the Starwood Preferred Guest group, we were delighted to receive a complimentary upgrade and also to find a bottle of sauvignon blanc chilling in an ice bucket waiting for us in our suite. The room was well-lit and very quiet, and the bathroom was spotless, with fluffy towels and robes and a waterfall shower. The bed was supremely comfortable with plenty of bedlinen and pillows so you could make it exactly to your taste. We will certainly stay here again.",Date of stay: June 2013,5.0
1602,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1600-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Who ruined the bar?,"We come here every once and a while when there's a good show in London. Since it was partially refurnished, there are truly some pros and unfortunately cons.  The top 3 pros:  1. Friendliness of service. Reception was just perfect and we got a beautiful upgrade as SPG Gold members. 2. Location. Just off Leicester square, 5 minutes from Covent Garden, theaters, etc., you couldn't be much more central. 3. Comfort. The rooms are OK, great comfortable beds, globally quiet considering the noise of the street.  The worst cons: 1. The ""new bar"" would loose any contest whether it had to do with elegance, comfort or taste. I felt as if we were in the chicken class backroom of some crappy joint. Uncomfortable plastic chairs and hard cheap plastic hard banquettes, down in the basement.…",Date of stay: June 2013,3.0
1603,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1600-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Elegant style with a modern twist & impeccable service,"Beautifully furnished room with modern decorations & everything thought out to the last detail. Waterfall shower & a fabulously comfy massive bed. Even the shower cap fit & there was a spare plug socket by my bed! . The staff couldn't have been more welcoming or attentive even though we paid a budget price. Location is superb, near Oxford St,  Soho & Leicester Square. A bit noisy at night, but it was a Saturday night, I couldn't really expect less. Will def stay again! ",Date of stay: June 2013,5.0
1604,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1600-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Nothing special considering the price,I stayed in Le Meridien last night while in London on business. In summary it was a convenient location for my purposes but nothing really special given the price. I doubt I would choose to stay there again.  The stay got off to a rocky start when I was downgraded on arrival to a regular room from a deluxe. I guess this was due to my arrival after 8 pm (although the hotel was aware of this when I booked and reminded the day before). I was given a twin room and asked to be changed to a room with a bigger bed- it was small and in a strange narrow corridor off the back of the hotel but at least the bed was a decent size.  The room was clean but a bit shabby. I tried unsuccessfully to turn down the air conditioning which was both noisy and too cold- I ended up sleeping with ear…,Date of stay: June 2013,3.0
1605,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1605-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Overpriced shabbiness,"Spent a night last week in this Hotel. The cost was 300 Pounds, the room was small, dark, no view except and airs haft. Had to ask for toiletries, bathrobe. The maid started rapping on the door at 8:00 despite the Do Not Disturb sign. And they have the nerve to charge an additional 16 pounds a day for the internet and 25 pounds for breakfast.",Date of stay: June 2013,2.0
1606,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1605-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent Location,"Our second stay here and overall very happy with the experience.  We booked a club room on a prepaid stay 4/pay 3 deal which also gave us access to the club lounge and included wifi.  The location, right on Piccadilly just down from Piccadilly Circus, is excellent and the room was very comfortable although the bathroom was a little dated.  One minor quibble - I am constantly frustrated by hotels that do not place an available power point near the desk in the room.  And for those for whom it is important, note that the range of English language TV channels is limited (no Sky channels for example).  We found the staff to be excellent and very friendly.  For example, we arrived very early in the morning on check in day and obviously our room was not ready.  However we were provided…",Date of stay: May 2013,4.0
1607,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1605-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Hotel with a piano,Great stay in Feb 2013. Upgraded to a Suite which was amazing!    Location is ideal for central London esp for theatres! Check in was smooth.  There was a piano by the lobby in their internet room which was playable!   Breakfast on the Mezzanine level was a bit tricky to find. Had to use two lifts! Adequate but not great in terms of choices.    No gym or swimming pool.,Date of stay: February 2013,4.0
1608,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1605-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Perfect Location,"Let me start that by saying that most people who visit London for the first time have an unrealistic expectation about room size/appointments etc. Most rooms in London are going to be small by American standards, and this is true for most of Europe. Le Meridien is no exception, and I was pleased with my room.   The decor could certainly use some updating but the food and service was top notch during my stay.  But I cannot exaggerate just how good the location is. You are right in the middle of ""The circus"" and within walking distance of major attractions like Buckingham Palace and Trafalgar Square.   I will say however that food/drink prices at the Meridien were...in the stratosphere, but London is ridiculously expensive generally speaking so come prepared.",Date of stay: November 2012,4.0
1609,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1605-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Excellent hotel, fabulous location","Superb location for shopping at Oxford Circus, all the fabulous attractions, shops, restaurants bars of Piccadilly Circus. London underground at Piccadilly Circus just 100 metres or 1 minute walk. Soho, Chinatown and huge variety of shows and world famous theatres within 5 to 15 minutes walk. Trafalgar Square just 10 minutes walk, etc. etc. etc. the list goes on. Hotel is clean and well presented, the staff are incredibly friendly and helpful and the rooms are perfect and well equipped. Quite expensive, but this is London city centre location, definitely recommend and will stay there again.",Date of stay: May 2013,4.0
1610,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1610-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",You ppl think that on the outside is bad...,"High prices , little dark rooms, somehow closed,like I am closed somewhere.Staff....don't know where to start from, I manage personnel and didn't see worse coordinated people.Breakfast lunch etc it's like the hod dog stand in front picadilly circus , very bad service.Hotel needs to be broke down ,and rebuild, or change of personal is good start,don't know what kind of people manage food & beverage but I felt in a fun fair.",Date of stay: May 2013,1.0
1611,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1610-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Needs total refurbishment,"For the cost of a basic room £384 Inc breakfast this was the worst turned out room in London we have stayed in and in the last 6 months we have stayed at around 8 London 5 star hotels The whole place is tatty and needs full refit the spa is the awful ,the rooms are shabby and basic needs like an ironing board are the type of equipment that a cheap 2star hotel would provide. The turn down service you have to request and is just 2 chocolates they don't hang towels or tidy the room at all. The the rate the charge try the Mayfair,W hotel,Dorchester, savoy, etc  We felt completely cheated last week end for our 2 night stay",Date of stay: May 2013,1.0
1612,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1610-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Not a 5* in my opinion, but great value for $","I’ve stayed at Le Meridien Piccadilly several times.  In my opinion, this is a good 4* hotel. It is nice enough, clean, with all you need, but nothing you would remember.  The location could not be better, and sometimes you can secure great deals. What I don’t like about it is that it’s very big, with floors not being at the same level (probably 2 or more buildings that were restructures in a hotel, resulting in mismatching levels). Sometimes we have been upgraded in a gigantic suite, and at other times no (Platinum) upgrade was available at all and I was stuck in a tiny room.  The SPG lounge is really good, and you can have continental breakfast, soft drinks and snacks – at no cost.  Besides that, there is nothing to brag about.  In my opinion, a great choice of hotel, if one…",Date of stay: March 2013,4.0
1613,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1610-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Poorest Le Meridien we've seen,"It was the 5th Le Meridien hotel we've stayed in (previous: Vienna, Limassol, Barcelona, Budapest) and it was the worst one. Next time in London we will look for a better deal for the price we paid for a suite in this hotel. It was very cold in the room, and we've been said that heating doesn't work and nobody knows when it will be fixed. They gave us a small radiator, which was not sufficient, and after 2 days heating started to work in living room, but not bedroom, and no any additional information was given to us. Internet Wi-Fi: the most terrible connection I've seen so far. To connect additional devices you have to speak on your own with internet company helpdesk, going through all technical details, etc. I spent 2 times ca. 30 min. to get my 2nd laptop connected. And I am…",Date of stay: May 2013,2.0
1614,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1610-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Perfect location, great service",Our stay was an anniversary gift from our daughters. The hotel worked with them in the planning of the stay through the actual time there. Stella was particularly helpful and paid great attention to detail.  From check in through to departure the staff were aware of the special nature of our stay and could not have been more helpful.  The lounge made for a great respite after shopping or before going out for the evening.  The hotel has the charm of a central London hotel and the quality of rooms that make it a great place to stay. The room size and layout are wonderful for London and the quality of furnishing was excellent.  Location is perfect for shopping and for the theatre as everything is within walking distance.  All in all we were very happy with our stay.,Date of stay: April 2013,5.0
1615,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1615-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Very Very Dated...,"Had a great check in. In fact, the person who checked me in was so smiley and gracious (from Germany) that I will give her five-stars. Thereafter, it falls apart. The suite which I had was so old and in need of refurbishing. The carpet felt dusty. The air-con sounds like a motorcycle on steroids. Closing doors from the other rooms could be heard. The Club lounge was so packed that there was no place to sit during the afternoon tea time. The food there was not replenished. This is at most 3.5 stars compared to hotels in Asia. Will not be back.",Date of stay: April 2013,2.0
1616,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1615-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",We loved it.....book with confidence!,"We stayed there for a birthday treat and went to a show in the evening.  The hotel is a great example of a 5 star landmark in a perfect location to explore London. Service experience from check in all the way to check out was great, as was food, facilities and room.  Will definitely be back again!",Date of stay: May 2013,5.0
1617,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1615-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great London location,"My wife and I stayed here for three days the week before Christmas.  The location is excellent and puts you within walking distance of all the shopping and restaurants in the Piccadilly district.  We also liked the large fitness center, which had much more to offer than most hotels this size.  We would stay here again on our next visit to London.",Date of stay: December 2012,4.0
1618,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1615-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Worth the money, great location","Hd a great experience staying at the Le Meridien Piccadilly.Stayed in a family room, that gave you 2 queens beds, a huge room with space to move, a little reading alcove and access to the Lounge. The staff is very friendly and helpful (at least the ones I dealt with). The TV and illuminated mirror in the room was not working, I reported  it to the hotel receptionist and while I was at breakfast everything was checked and repaired - great! The gym and pool is awesome and again the staff was helpful.  The only negative I have is, the rooms should be regularly checked for faulty / broken items so that it does not impact on the overall experience of the paying guest.",Date of stay: May 2013,4.0
1619,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1615-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Very good hotel!,"Wonderful hotel! Great location, fantastic spa, friendly staff. Stayed there for 3 nights with my 8 years old daughter, couldn't be any better. Russian guy at reception was especially helpful and welcoming, my daughter even got her own key, choosing by herself! She was happy! Concierge services were excellent! Chambermaid very friendly! Room had twin beds and was comfortable, spacious and bright. And yes, location location location!",Date of stay: May 2013,5.0
1620,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1620-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Book this hotel if you do not want to sleep!,"I booked this hotel because of its location and because we were travelling with a child and wanted comfort. Well, the location is superb, but zero comfort. The staff member , who checked me in was not welcoming at all, no smile, no welcoming words. 'Just give your credit card and passport and this is your room key'. I come to London every 2-3 months and this is for the first time I had such uncomfortable hotel. Expensive but not comfortable and not welcoming.   Although we stayed on the 6 floor (room 641) and our room was not looking to main road (was on side), everything, all outside noise was in our room. One night there was a music band playing outside on the main road very loudly from early evening and then when at 09.30pm my child wanted to go to sleep but could not sleep…",Date of stay: May 2013,1.0
1621,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1620-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",You could laugh if it wasn't so sad,"My wife and I treated ourselves to a few days in London for shopping and theatre, and got an executive suite at the Le Meridien Piccadilly. The central location and the Le Meridien brand (good experiences in the past) had us end up here.  Arriving in the morning we wanted to drop our bags and get an idea when the suite would be ready. Dropping the bags was easy, but no one could tell us when exactly the room would be ready. Expectations were set that the last guests would use late checkout and an hour cleaning would be necessary, so it might take up to 5pm for us to get the room. Well, disappointing, but fair enough. When we arrived back at 5pm-ish it took the front desk 20 minutes to figure out where we were. Said room is ready in another 30 minutes, it took an hour. No escort…",Date of stay: March 2013,1.0
1622,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1620-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Not A Five Star Hotel,"The customer service at this hotel is not commensurate of 5 stars, its a solid 4 star hotel.  I have stayed at TRUE 5 star hotels in London like the Ritz down the street.  The Le Meridien and Ritz are like night and day.  I have even stayed at other Le Meridien flags in Warsaw and Vienna and the London version is far from being comparable.   First off when you walk in the door at the Le Meridien, there is no door man, no one to say hi, how can I help you etc at any point in the day.  Upon arrival we left our taxi and there was no one curbside to take our bags.  On our second evening I needed a suit pressed for an event at 6PM.  I gave the staff my suit at 2PM on my first day at the hotel and told them I needed it back by mid-afternoon on the next day.  My suit never arrived to…",Date of stay: May 2013,2.0
1623,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1620-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",A good overnight stay following a show,"We booked the Le Meridien as part of a theater-break offer - it is well located on Piccadilly and our room (not at the front) was reasonably quiet overnight (for London) although being next to the service lift there was quite a lot of noise during the peak room-service times. The breakfast was really good - lots of fruit, nuts &  cerials.",Date of stay: April 2013,4.0
1624,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1620-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Expensive and average,"I stay in many London Hotels but never have I had to pay 50p per minute for WiFi, unbelievably expensive. I stayed in a room at the rear of the hotel and the room itself was fine, above average size, decent furnishings and very clean but it was also noisy from the road (Regent Street) below. I was on the 4th floor and still woke several times from the noise, if you are a light sleeper (or a frequent surfer!) I would stay somewhere else.",Date of stay: April 2013,2.0
1625,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1625-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Excellent Stay, Great Hotel!","Checked in at Le Meridien for a long weekend in end of April. Chose the hotel because we stayed there before and as it turned out it was an even better choice than previous stay.  It is centrally located in downtown London and with-in walking distance of pretty much everything someone might need. Moreover, the staff were very helpfull and got out of their way to our every request no matter how important or not. Will definately visit again.",Date of stay: April 2013,5.0
1626,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1625-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Location is its advantage,"Spent a week here and chose it because of its location and my affinity for Starwood properties. Situated in the West End/ Soho, this hotel is unparalleled in this regard. Close to several Underground stations, and many very good restaurants, you can spend your time enjoying the locales or get away easy for more site-seeing. The hotel itself is pleasant upon entry, and has an understated blend of old and new. The brand tends to favour a more traditional feel (if you want a modern, trendy hotel, Starwood's W is just a few block away), and you will certainly recognize these features, if you are familiar with the brand. Check in was easy, and portering was fast in bringing out bags to the room. As for the room, it was quite small for the price you pay, but as we didn't spend much…",Date of stay: October 2012,4.0
1627,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1625-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great location,"Great location, service was average...room was very cold. The room was cute and comfortable but some strange choices, like on chair only in the room, it was a bit impractical when we ordered room service.",Date of stay: March 2013,4.0
1628,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1625-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","2 great things: location & pool (strange, no?)","really, the only great thing about this hotel is the location. it is super central. X the street you've got great restaurant density in Soho / Convent Garden. obviously close to several tube lines, etc. it also boasts one of the largest indoor swimming pools in London - and it was quite lovely to stretch out after a long plane ride (until the children invaded the place at ~ 4 pm). also a surprisingly good gym and steam room.  now, the reasons you don't want to stay here:  the ROOMS. disregard the photos on the website. I thought i'd be in a lovely brightly lit large-ish renovated room. No. the rooms are TIRED. old horrible furniture, terrible lighting, even the bed seemed ""old""; ever heard of upgrading your power outlets for travelers? no, can't be bothered. toilet leaked.…",Date of stay: April 2013,3.0
1629,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1625-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Absolutely Memorable!,"1 spent 4 nights here (10th - April 14th). This hotel is smack in the heart of the renowned Piccadilly or West End area of London! Busy-busy! Fun! People-watching!  Piccadilly Underground station is just anout 30 meters diagonally opposite the hotel's 'porch'. So so convenient that I caught a train direct to Heathrow Airport Terminal 4 and it's only £5.50!!! Taxi would set you back more than £70!  For foodies, you're spoilt for choice! Walk in any direction and they are at your discretion. For 'skimpies', go to Tesco just behind the Piccadilly Station.   Back to the hotel. I slept a lot! The heavely bed was really cozy that I felt I must enjoy more sleep when it was raining wet outside. I also really appreciate the turndown service and extra little perks given to Starwood…",Date of stay: April 2013,4.0
1630,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1630-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Leaves a lot to be desired for a 5 star hotel...,"I've never before felt it necessary to take the time to leave a negative review, but after several letdowns and overall poor quality at over £300 per night, I feel something needs to be said.  As a Starwood Member, I was given a special ""Preferred Guest"" room and access to the Club Lounge for complementary breakfasts. The room was a good size but had large stains on the carpet. Otherwise the room was acceptable but nothing to make it stand out as being in a 5 star hotel.  The breakfast offered in the Club Lounge (exclusively for Starwood Members) was thoroughly disappointing. No hot items whatsoever... meaning no eggs, no bacon or sausage as you would expect at breakfast buffet. What happened to the famous English Breakfast!? We are in England no?  The gym/spa area is however…",Date of stay: April 2013,3.0
1631,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1630-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",A good hotel in the west end,"I spent few nights in this nice but oldish hotel in the west end. For a 5 star hotel I expected something more. The breakfast area is nice and there's a lot of choice but the rooms need a restoration, expecially because the bath looks like ""I had nicer periods in my life!!!"", and this isn't acceptable for this kind oh hotel. What makes very good this hotel is the position, just few steps from Piccadilly Circus.",Date of stay: March 2013,3.0
1632,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1630-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Such a convenient location,"I have returned to Le Meridien in London and it is pretty good as usual. Beside being located in a fantastic spot  it boast very courteous  staff and good breakfast. Pity that you must be 18 to have solo access to the Gym, my son (15Y) can fly solo back and forth to boarding school, boards trains and cross London on his own but he is not considered mature enough to train by himself........",Date of stay: April 2013,4.0
1633,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1630-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Very nice--highly recommended,"We have stayed here a couple of times, and it's consistently good.  The rooms are beautiful and spacious.  The location can't be beat--minutes from Piccadilly Circus, Leicester Square, and Trafalgar Square.  The only thing that's a tiny bit annoying is the fact that the Club Level closes at 10pm--it would be so nice to come in after a night out and be able to grab a cold bottle of water.  Other than that, though, it's wonderful!",Date of stay: April 2013,5.0
1634,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1630-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Location Location,"This hotel is located in Piccadilly and is convenient to main shopping area's such as Regent Street, Oxford Street and many of the city's other attractions including restaurants and theatres. We had a bit of a drama with our bathroom in that it got flooded while we were out. The night duty responded immediately and we were located into a junior suite which was excellent. The breakfast choices were as you would expect and all the staff I encountered were both very friendly and helpful. Despite the bathroom mishap I really enjoyed the stay here and it's location is just fantastic. I will have no hesitation in going back.",Date of stay: April 2013,4.0
1635,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1635-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great location - friendly staff,"We had a lovely 4-night stay at this ideally situated hotel in central London. Standard room was large and comfortable. Turn down service at night - with bottled water and chocolates - much appreciated. The hotel is steps away from Picadilly Circus, Regent and Oxford Streets as well as Soho. It does not get much better in terms of location... Staff was warm and friendly - I was sick one day and requested the room be made up after 4 pm; the woman on the Service line when I called was so sweet... we didn't eat or drink or use the fitness room - too busy out and about having fun! Would stay here again in a heart beat.",Date of stay: April 2013,5.0
1636,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1635-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Our favorite in London!!,"We visit London frequently and this is the third time we stay at le Meridien Piccadilly.  Its situation is great, , but not only that. All staff we met was very attentive and friendly. This time Virginie H. at the Reception Desk was very helpfull to solve any potential difficulty. Many thanks! We like it a lot to have diner at the terrasse restaurant. No doubt that when in London, it will be le Meridien Piccadilly again. .",Date of stay: April 2013,5.0
1637,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1635-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Good location,"Cosy hotel in imperial style with z modern touch. We've had spacious suite on the 8th floor with access to the business lounge. The snacs and breakfast served were good. The only annoying thing were the families bringing unlimited number of misbehaving children to the so called business lounge. There should not be accepted with 10-12 kids running around. Alternatively business lounge should be renamed as ""busy lounge"". No one seem to control which guest had access there. ",Date of stay: April 2013,3.0
1638,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1635-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Not what was expected from a five star hotel,"The only thing five star about this hotel is its location. I had booked a twin room with my 15 year old son and on arrival was told we had been ""upgraded"" to what turned out to be a room with a double bed and a camp bed for the junior person (who is 6 feet tall) - with the additional bed there was not room to swing the proverbial cat !!!! We were then given what I was told was a much larger room which could accommodate an extra bed - after waiting for another hour the room turned out to be exactly the same as the first one. More discussions then took place which resulted in us being "" upgraded"" again to a family suite - now you may think this was something special - how wrong could you be. The ""suite"" - number 628 - consists of a bedroom with a double bed and a separate seating…",Date of stay: April 2013,2.0
1639,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1635-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",No were near five star.,"Stayed here one night 13th April 2013, the room not what we expected we arrived early and was just going to leave our luggage but was told a queen size room was available and ready and was assured it was bigger then a double bed, which it was not our double bed is bigger, the room was very dusty, spending £300+ a night could at least dust the sides, the mini bar prices compared to many hotels we've stayed in in London are ridiculous £4.50 for coke, the sink was dirty, there was only one plus socket in the room without unplugging the table lamp, which with two phone chargers, we had to for go charging one phone so I could dry and straighten my hair, the decor it's self was no more then 3 stars was nothing special and the view wasn't great but in the middle of London what do you…",Date of stay: April 2013,1.0
1640,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1640-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Location, location, location","It's hard to imagine a hotel with a better location in London than Le Meridien Piccadilly.  It is literally half a block from Piccadilly Circus.  West end shows are a five minute walk.  The major attractions around the Palace are a fifteen to twenty minute walk.  Everything is quickly accessible by a tube station very close by.  It is tourist London, to be sure, but for a tourist the location can't be beat.  London hotels are tremendously expensive, so paying more than $300 a night does not mean you get the best room in the best hotel.  It is a normal rate, and you get a pretty normal hotel.  In this case, we were lucky enough to have an upgrade, so we got a suite on the top floor made up of a nice, if small, sitting room and a reasonable bedroom.  Two bathrooms was an added…",Date of stay: January 2013,3.0
1641,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1640-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Very good hotel in good central location,"Very good hotel in good location. We had a SPG Club room which was of a nice design and spacious, and the internet connection worked very well. The Club lounge is also very nice and good with all that ones requires. There is also a large gym and a pool with a lifeguard.  The only downside was the bathroom which was perfectly adequate but could have been a bit more modern and glamourous. It let the room down a bit, since the room was very nice and newly designed/refurbished. But for a couple of days it was fine.",Date of stay: April 2013,4.0
1642,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1640-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Value depends on the rate,The key to this hotel is its location.  The quality of the rooms varies and I sympathize with folks who get stuck with a tiny cell. I think investing in a Starwood membership( I mean investing in the time it takes to fill out the membership as its free) because once you get status you'll definitely  get a decent room.  The place has an unbeatable location smack on Piccadilly Circus which  allows exploration on foot and by tube anywhere you'd want to go in London. Room prices are subject to wild swings so be prepared to hop to another place when the price goes up.. Mid week its $400+ ( when all taxes and fees kick in) but you can sometimes manage to score a room below $250. At that price its a no brainer. I've stayed here many times over the past  4 years and have yo-yoed back…,Date of stay: February 2013,4.0
1643,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1640-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Complete Mismanagement,"We picked this hotel because of its great location and its 5 star status. I stayed here for 5 nights.  I called a day earlier to say I was coming early.  I came at 10 am and the room was not ready.  I was told as soon it was ready, they will call me.  I hung around till 3 35 and did not hear from them. I went there only to find that my room was not ready even though the promised check in time was 3 pm. The agent had to literally fight with housekeeping to get my room ready.  There was a gentleman from Switzerland who would not move from the front desk till his room was ready.  He was really upset waiting there.  Finally I got a room which was ready and I never understood why they did not give it to me in the first place since nobody else was waiting for the room.  The best part…",Date of stay: April 2013,1.0
1644,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1640-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Stately,You won't find a better location for visiting London.  Right in the middle of the West End - all theaters close by - most attractions within walking distance.  1 block from the tube.  Hotel is old but modern.  Bathroom has 5 shower heads and water is hot.  Beds were comfortable though pillows were useless.  One major complaint - lack of lighting.  Other than in the bathroom - I think all the bulbs were no bigger than 25 watts.,Date of stay: April 2013,4.0
1645,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1645-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Nice but pricey!,"We stayed for two nights for a short stay to do a show and some general touristy stuff centred around Picadilly.  First bad thing.....Parking.  There isn't any, and there isn't room to enough park and drop on the front on a very busy Thursday afternoon.  Nearest public car park is about 400 metres away, which is fine in good weather and only one bag!  Second bad thing....Cocktails. Very expensive. About £15 each for your run of the mill Bloody Mary.  Third bad thing......Breakfast pricing.  Do try and get an inclusive rate, it's astonishingly expensive for sausage and egg.  Fourth bad thing....Rooms.  Even though they upgraded us to a slightly better room, views overlooking air conditioning units still irk me, but that's not really the bad thing.  They're all a bit tired, the…",Date of stay: April 2013,3.0
1646,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1645-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Unfortunately the cons have outweighed the pros.,"Currently three days in to a 7 night stay and these are my observations so far. While a nice hotel I will most likely not stay here again and will give my business to Hilton or another larger chain.  I am traveling with family but am also here for business.   PROS: Convenient location to the tube.  Prime location to shopping & attractions  Comfortable rooms - would advise getting one with two double beds rather than twins.   Good breakfast - our room came with a full English breakfast each day in the restaurant (not the club lounge breakfast).  One can have the buffet or order off of the menu. The buffet has a nice variety, items are very fresh and the items we have tried have been very tasty.   CONS: Internet is shaky at best. I am sorry but when I am traveling I need a sturdy…",Date of stay: April 2013,2.0
1647,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1645-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Worst restaurant experience ever,"My family were staying there for a week.  No complaints really about the rooms.  The restaurant however has terrible service, grossly overpriced menu, poorly executed service, huge long delays, lack of attention from staff, arrogant attitude, cold food, vegetables appearing once we had finished, meals appearing at different times, not enough staff, long delay between drinks order.  Felt very sorry for the staff on duty however the manager holds the cards on the evening and should have sorted it out.  Trust me other tables complained as well.  I ate their twice this week and if that is a 5 star experience well just do not bother.",Date of stay: March 2013,3.0
1648,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1645-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Way overpriced for tiny twin room.,"Toilet ran for an hour, beds were twin and tiny. This was the most I have ever payed for a room, supposed to be a four star? Wow, I give it 2. The older doorman was excellent and what you would think of as classic London service, the younger guys were too busy adjusting their images to be of any use. Manager was very helpful, I give V  10 points for effort. With a hotel of this level, rooms need to be updated to keep up with the facade, or that's all it is...a facade! Sorry but I have stayed in cheap motels that beat you in comfort and convenience.",Date of stay: March 2013,3.0
1649,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1645-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent location,"My husband, 2 children and I recently returned from a trip to London.  The location of this hotel is ideal for sightseeing.  St James Park and Green Park are within easy walking distance, and just a little further away are Trafalgar Square, the National Gallery, and Buckingham Palace.  We spent our first day with a leisurely walk from the hotel to watch the horse guards, then to Westminster Abbey, Parliament building, Big Ben, then over the bridge to the London Eye. It is also just steps away from the tube.  Right across the street is Waterstones bookstore, and about a block away is Fortnum & Mason for wonderful cream tea.  The front desk staff, especially Drew, were very helpful and accommodating.  The staff at the club lounge were also very well trained and professional.  The…",Date of stay: March 2013,4.0
1650,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1650-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Club Lounge,"I am in midst of a 5 night stay with Mrs. and 2 smaill kids.  The previous reviews are spot on.  Location is key at this property.  I want to make a comment on the club lounge.    Smallish with decent food and beverage offerings thoughout the day.  The Lounge is over run at all hours.  It seems like everyone has access to this lounge.  At peak times, the 1-2 attendants are overwhelmed with dirty dishes and trying to keep the food areas stocked.  Customer service seems the lowest priority at the CL.  Maybe the management should reconsider the staffing levels  at the CL to allow the quality of service to match rest of the property.",Date of stay: March 2013,4.0
1651,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1650-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Perfect location in London,"Having stayed at Le Meridien Piccadilly many times in the past, we stay there again this year. It has the best location in all of London due to its proximity to the Piccadilly underground station. It is just a few blocks from excellent theaters, restaurants, activities and shopping.   The property was renovated a few years ago so the facilities are new. The rooms are clean, lovely, and possess character, not like the cookie cutter rectangles at other hotels. Inside storm windows were added to make the old building less drafty but our room was still a bit chilly for me. The staff is friendly and very helpful.  We stayed in a junior suite so we had a very large room by European standards. It also included access to the club lounge that provided a light breakfast and cocktails each…",Date of stay: March 2013,5.0
1652,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1650-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",very good stay overall,"We spent four nights in March at Le Meridien Piccadilly and while not flawless, great value for money in London given unbeatable location.  We arrived mid afternoon, there was a line at check in but staff was working efficiently, we were given (almost apologetically) a classic room (I am starwood preferred, so they tried to find us a deluxe but none were available with 2 beds), so based on some reviews here I braced myself for a challenging experience.  The room itself was relatively small but not bad at all for London, and the bathroom appeared to be recently renovated.  We were pleased to not be on the street side so there was absolutely no noise at night, it's worth asking for a room on the back side of the hotel for that reason.  The beds were very comfortable, and use of…",Date of stay: March 2013,4.0
1653,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1650-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Another excellent night at this hotel,"I came back again on my own two weekends ago, for just one night unfortunately but was again amazed by the room, the location and even the mini bar. I got a room at the top floor (6th floor) this time and it was a twin bed as I stayed with my old flatmate. The room would have been too small since it was set under the roof. But some genius of an interior designer put a slight platform at one end of the room (so it was raised like a mini mezzanine) and instantly transformed the small bedroom with an area for the desk/study area.  The bathroom was a decent size, very clean.  The location is just mindblowing - straight from the tube and less than two minutes from Picadilly Circus and you're back in your cosy, warm bed!  Will definitely return again!",Date of stay: March 2013,5.0
1654,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1650-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Excellent location and service, but not a five star hotel.","SUMMARY  The Good: * Location, location, location - 50 yards from the center of Piccadilly Circus.  Great access to theater district, underground, museums, etc. * The room we stayed in (239 I believe) was quite large, had nice large windows and a comfortable bed. * Service was above average.  Front desk staff was very nice and service requests for towels, extra cot were handled promptly.  The Not Good. * So this may be a bit picky, but it doesn't live up to a 5* status.  4 yes, but 5 no.   * , Only exception to the good service was the concierge.  Really felt like my questions were below him when I was talking to him. * The room felt just a bit dated.  Again, no specific complaint, just felt a bit outdated.  I know it is an old hotel, but just felt like it was in need of an…",Date of stay: March 2013,4.0
1655,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1655-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",A wonderful hotel location,"If you are planning to stay in London, the Le Meridien can not be beat for its location.  Steps away is the Piccadilly Underground station which puts you in to the system allow you to travel just about anywhere in the city.  But it also marks the edge of the London theater district.  You can walk to any show and just about any restaurant in the area.  The hotel itself while in an older building is charming.  After staying in Paris where the rooms were on the small side, we expected the same in London.  Our room was large enough for the bed, a chest, a desk with chair but also a table with two wing chairs.  We weren't bumping into each other in this room.  The staff was cheerful and very helpful.  Can not say enough about them.  Bottom line, a great hotel to be in the center of…",Date of stay: February 2013,5.0
1656,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1655-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",best location,"A very nice hotel, with the kind of service and amenities you would expect. The location is even better, with tube lines and many bus routes just a few steps away. There are also numerous coffee shops (Caffe Nero) and take-out shops (Pret-a-Manger) close by, and the Royal Academy of Art is just down the block. Directly across the street is Waterstone's Bookstore, with a great bar and cafe on the fifth floor, with a view of the Thames. Overall the perfect location for visiting many of the top London sites.",Date of stay: March 2013,4.0
1657,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1655-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Very Nice but I wouldn't call it 5 star,"I came here with reservations for 3 people, due to miscommunication I was forced to upgrade to a larger room, which was no big deal but it would've been nice not to be forced to pay extra on a reservation mid vacation. While the star ratings are high and it is a very nice hotel it does seem to be dated as far as the rooms and could use a renovation which I'm sure will probably be coming but until that happens I would definitely drop this down a star level, being to heat a room you actually have to request a portable heater. I did find that the staff did seem helpful but while I've seen up to 5 people at each desk inside not one door man, I did finally happen to see 1 upon exiting the hotel at 7 in the morning but none apparently in the late mornings which is when I exited to…",Date of stay: March 2013,3.0
1658,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1655-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Right in the middle......,"Of all the action that is , shops , restaurants, china town, covent garden etc so could not be better placed. Hotel clean and nice size double rooms, the fire alarm did go off during our stay. On hearing it I walked down to the next floor and asked a member of staff what was happening she said I have no idea no fire here !!!!! so I walked all the way down to the lobby only to see a fire engine outside and 4 firemen coming through the front door, but the staff knew nothing. ( a little worrying ) anyway the next day on the in room TV up came a message saying it was a false alarm, not exactly on top of the game...... but we enjoyed the room and hotel well placed, breakfast choice could be a lot better for this class and price of hotel.",Date of stay: February 2013,4.0
1659,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1655-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Location is everything.,A nice place to stay in London. The location is excellent. Tube station is a few steps away. The rooms are comfortable and large (by London standards). The staff is quite helpful and the room service quite efficient.,Date of stay: February 2013,4.0
1660,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1660-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Intimate in a great location,"I had been in London a few times before on business as well as pleasure ,and never quite enjoyed it as much as this time I think owing to the location of le Meridien piccadilly. The hotel was intimate yet had extensive fitness facilities,a large pool,terrace restaurant and bars.We stayed in a club room which included a full nightly cocktail hour with hors d'oevres. The shopping near the hotel was extensive,theatre was a block away,and my office and clients were all within walking distance. The room was spacious and comfortable and service was excellent all at a reasonable price. I will definitely stay her on my next trip to London.",Date of stay: February 2013,5.0
1661,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1660-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",location beats all,"Stayed at this hotel on business in London.  Great location, helpful staff, small & clean rooms, comfy beds, decent breakfast - all are a bit of rarities in London.. Would advise anyone going to London for vacation or business.. A throw's away from Regent & Oxford Streets if you are up for a shopping spree.. Almost right by Piccadilly Circus tube - and a must to make it a theater/musical night at the West End since you are so close to all the show venues..",Date of stay: February 2013,4.0
1662,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1660-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely spa facilities and good service,"I took my boyfriend here for a weekend away and it was perfect.  Great central location to get to the top London shows and the spa facilities were great for those times when you needed a bit of a wind down.  The only problem I had was that my bath tap would not work, I called down to reception and within 30 minutes they had a plumber in my room to fix it! If it wasn't such a pricey hotel I would go back again but on this occasion it was a special treat!",Date of stay: November 2012,4.0
1663,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1660-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great Location Wonderful Staff,"Hotel is in an excellent location with a very friendly helpful staff.  We booked the Executive King wihich was spacious with the club room's amenities of cocktails, tea and continental breakfast.  Couldn't have been more pleased.  The price was very good.  Will definitely stay here again.",Date of stay: February 2013,5.0
1664,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1660-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Not what I had espected,"The first impressions were rather poor from check-in to the level of cleanliness in the room.  As with many hotels, the check-in was a lengthy procedure due to waiting for others before me to be taken care of.  However, this was excessively slow with no attempt to acknowledge me.    The room was shabby, the bathroom needed updating and the carpet needed vacuuming and that was on the executive floor!  Very dissapointing for a hotel which, in the past, has been much better.  It is now very impersonal and certainly not worth the cost per night.",Date of stay: January 2013,3.0
1665,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1665-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Amazing stay!!,My partner and I stayed here for two nights at the end of February as part of a theatre break package he bought for Christmas. The hotel is superbly located being about 30 seconds walk from Piccadilly Circus tube station and about a 5 minute walk to Leicester Square and any of the main theatres. It was also only about a 5 minute walk to Trafalgar Square and about 20 minute’s walk to the London Eye.   The hotel it’s self looks very smart from the front but also discrete with the only street side part being the entrance. The entrance hall again is very smart and the staff extremely welcoming. We checked in at 1pm (2 hours early) but our room was ready. We were delighted to learn we’d been upgraded to a Club class room on the 7th floor which was fantastic. The room itself was huge…,Date of stay: February 2013,5.0
1666,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1665-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great location,"Revamped hotel with some stylish touches. The staff were great and the location is perfect. It had that fairly typical central London feel with traditional rooms and revamped, older-style bathrooms.  The meeting rooms were very well fitted out and there was a cute little bar in the basement.  I would definitely stay here if I wanted to be near Piccadilly and Regent Street.",Date of stay: February 2013,4.0
1667,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1665-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Excellent location, mediocre rooms","Positive:  I echo others' comments about this hotel's fantastic location. I stayed at the hotel for business and found that I was only a quick taxi ride away from almost everywhere I needed to be. At night I could walk to delicious local restaurants and one afternoon, I took a run down the street, through Green Park and around the Palace.   My room was clean when I arrived.   Negative: The walls of the hotel are paper thin. I could hear nearly everything the guests on either side of me were saying and when a crying baby woke me up around 3am from the room next door, it was impossible to go back to sleep. My television didn't work and the thermostat was broken - the heat in the room worked but it couldn't be turned up, which made for some chilly nights. The bathroom had chipping…",Date of stay: February 2013,3.0
1668,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1665-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Perfect Location / Great Staff,"We stayed at the Le Meridien Piccadilly for 8 days during Christmas time and the hotel staff went above and beyond to make sure that our stay was memorable.  We were upgraded to a recently refurbished suite that made the time spent in the room all the more comfortable.The hotel has a perfect location with the tube right out side the front door and Piccadilly Circus a two minute walk.  The Club Room Lounge offered a pleasent respite from morning until night to just grab a quick bite, or catch up on the news.  We highly recommend the hotel for those wanting to visit London and be centrally located.",Date of stay: December 2012,5.0
1669,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1665-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Classy, and can't beat the location","Next to Picadilly Circus, i.e. the exact centre of the London map: enough said!  One enters the hotel through a small but modern lobby that works well with the traditional architecture to create an atmosphere of functionality. I found check-in and check-out to be fast and the staff to be generally helpful. Room service was quite efficient (specially by comparison with the often undemanding London standards). I was particularly impressed with the doorman's assistance in flagging taxis within seconds of every time we exited the hotel: very handy.    The restaurant on first floor serves good continental food in a bright and urban setting; did not try the bar.   Given the otherwise high standard of the hotel, I was underwhelmed by my room. It was tiny, with minimal space for storage…",Date of stay: February 2013,4.0
1670,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1670-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Terrıble servıce,I was terrıbly ıll and went to hospıtal and no one ever called or acknowledge how you feel..there ıs no customer servıce at all Also when ı check out they see ın the system and asked me how ı am...how sılly ıf ı come to desk specıally for check out than ı should be fıne Most of the staff ın the entrance do nothıng besıde lookıng for assıstance to make a tıp ...rooms are to dark...they saıd you are spg but gave me terrıble room..honestly one of the worse starwood expereınce ı ever met although ı am a hotellıer shame on busıness collegues,Date of stay: February 2013,2.0
1671,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1670-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Great location,shabby room.","Great location,stayed for just two nights,short theatre break. Very warm welcome from the receptionst,(Verginie I think!)who had informed us that we had been granted an upgrade to a deluxe room,I wonder what the classic room was like,I woould n't have like to have paid for a deluxe room. The room was a reasonable size in comparison to other London hotels,however the room was extremely shabby and the bathroom was even shabbier! The room was fine for such a short stay and we managed to get it at a reasonable price. Breakfast was ncluded in the price of the hotel.The breakfast room was a trifle busy and chaotic. There was a reasonable range of breakfast items,but no access to fresh eggs. I couldn't fault the location of this hotel.",Date of stay: February 2013,3.0
1672,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1670-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Location is a winner, excellent dining facilities but rooms are a bit odd.","I stayed at Le Meridien Piccadilly for two nights on a recent business trip to London. I had a million meetings planned all across Central London, so the location was just superb. At first glance upon entering the lobby, you're struck the hotel's modern decor and friendly staff. I was a bit surprised by the steps in the hallway to my room and even more surprised at the layout of my room. Really awkward with a split level, small window and old fashioned bathroom. The breakfast, lunch and lounge facilities were superb. Internet connectivity was a bit annoying.",Date of stay: February 2013,4.0
1673,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1670-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Fantastic,"Absolutely wonderful stay. Room was first class,breakfast was amazing, location unbeatable. In particular  though, would like to praise Virginie on the desk, who was both professional and welcoming...an asset to any hotel. ",Date of stay: February 2013,4.0
1674,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1670-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",This is not 5 star the service was horrific,I recently stayed here and all I can say is I wish I had not. I also paid for another room for my sister again I wish I had not!   When we arrived everything was looking promising then it all went down hill. There was no hot water in the room and an engineer was called. After 1 hour this was sorted. The problem with this was that we were late for a dinner reservation and our table was given away. The windows in the room would not close properly so being on Piccadilly this was quite loud. The ventilation in the bathroom did not work and neither did the heating in the bathroom. The breakfast was substandard and not what I would expect from a 5 star hotel. My sister checked out the next morning (we were staying an extra night) only to be confronted with... 'you need to pay the bill…,Date of stay: February 2013,1.0
1675,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1675-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great Location - Large room,"Excellent location, friendly and helpful staff. Nice to stay in a hotel where there was space in the room to relax. Stayed of the 8th floor so had a view of London to include the London Eye.  Restaurant has a glass roof and the bar has an excellent selection of cocktails.  Only small issue was athough there was very hot water in the bath it would not come out of the shower?!  Would definately stay again as we didn't have chance to use the pool or spa area.",Date of stay: February 2013,4.0
1676,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1675-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",5 stars? Really?,"I came here with my girl friend to spend a weekend in London, and since it was our first trip together I thought that a 5 star hotel would be nice. Sure, it was one of the cheapest 5 stars that I could find, but it was kind of disappointing anyway. The rooms were mediocre at the most, an old TV on which it took ages to change channels and no proper menu to oversee the stuff. Water damages in the bathroom, poorly painted walls in the bedroom and the furniture were kind of boring, to say the least. The staff was friendly, but did't seem to cooperate with each other fully.  Though there were some nice things. The bed and bed linnen was really good. Also there was an option to decline turning down of the bed for a small amount of bonus points/donation/cash refund in the hotels…",Date of stay: February 2013,3.0
1677,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1675-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Right in the center: Shopping, Theatres & Attractions are just a jiffy away","The central location of the “Le Meridien Piccadilly” is one of the biggest benefits of this hotel. The rooms vary a lot in size and views, but when coming to London I’m ok not to stay in a suite, as long as the room is clean, has a large comfortable bed and functional bathroom with shower/tub.  Staff (esp. front desk) is very international and always friendly and happy to help and assist. Would highly recommend a stay there – esp. if you can get one of the renovated rooms.  Since “getting there” may be important for other travelers, here’s my recommendation: Most times I fly in via Heathrow airport. If you don’t want to pay the price for a taxi or private car, the cheapest,  and most convenient way getting there is using public transportation. Comparing  single fares (without…",Date of stay: February 2013,5.0
1678,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1675-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",A solid hotel in central London -I'd stay here again,"I had a one-night stay here on a Saturday in February 2013. The hotel is easy to find just off Picadilly Circus.   Good:  As a platinum member I was upgraded to a club room and thanked for my custom Great location overall Access to lounge with afternoon tea, evening drinks, and breakfast Great bed Friendly and positive staff (I borrowed a plug and was not asked for my room number, let alone a deposit) Two bottles of complimentary water in room Good fast wifi  Bad I had a connecting room and could hear everything in the room next door -luckily my neighbour wasn't noisy Creaky floors Terrible bathroom -poor water pressure, very cheap and worn shower head, no separate shower (stand in bath type) I wasn't upgraded to a suite but the hotel was then still selling suites online several…",Date of stay: February 2013,4.0
1679,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1675-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",I'll be back,"Great location right next to Piccadilly Circus, convenient for shopping, restaurants, etc. Taxi dropped us off, we were checked in with our bags within minutes. The room was above average for Central London, and this price range. The staff were all very friendly and courteous. However, the room telephone charges are outrageous, even for ""free"" calls - and the fact that public telephones were removed from the lobby a few years ago is very irritating.",Date of stay: January 2013,4.0
1680,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1680-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Perfect location, very good service.","Me and my girlfriend spent 5 nights in late January 2013 at Le Meridien Piccadilly. We were there on leisure and the location of the hotel helped us a lot in that respect. We go a standard room on the fifth floor (534) facing Regent street, not much of a view due to the ledge that extended deyond the windows but it was very quiet and bright. We arrived around noon and our room was not ready yet but we did get it before the official check in time which is 15:00, Stella who checked us in was very polite and assisted us in many ways from allocating our nice room to giving us a map of London and breifing us about the facilities and the services of the hotel. We did not get a chance to have breakfast but we did use the hotel's bar which offers a very nice variety of cocktails. Our…",Date of stay: January 2013,5.0
1681,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1680-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Review of Le Meridien Piccadilly,It was a pleasant stay in Le Meridien Piccadilly. Nicely located close to Piccadilly circus and Oxford Street. The people were very courteous and helpful. The business centre offered free internet service since I had not carried my laptop with me.,Date of stay: May 2012,4.0
1682,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1680-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Nice location, good hotel, but small room and old facility","Well located in the center of London. Hotel reception was smooth and you know you come to the nice hotel.  BUT, the rooms were very small and old. The air conditioning makes noise all the time, you hear the running water through the walls, and shower had very little pressure. I stayed there because of the fantastic swimming pool, but it only opens at 09:30 so that business travelers don't get benefit",Date of stay: January 2013,3.0
1683,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1680-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Curates egg,"We found this hotel to be good in parts. The swimming pool and fitness centre together with the location were the main reasons why we returned here after a two year absence. We loved the fact that it is so central and being able to pop onto the tube and zip up to Paddington and then the Heathrow express is fantastic. We rationalised that what we spent extra on the room, we had probably saved on the taxi fares but I left after 2 nights regrettably thinking that it just wasn't worth the money. The reception were great but the bar is dated ,closes pretty early for a hotel bar. One of our party found that her sheets weren't changed, the bathroom shower pressure is very poor, the lift system schizophrenic. Our breakfast was included in the price but when six of our party went down…",Date of stay: January 2013,3.0
1684,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1680-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Nothing special,"Next to Piccadilly Circus and Regent street, Le Merdien is a perfect choice for a shopping weekend in London. I usually book this hotel through the usual discount sites and manage to get a decent rate (close to £100/room). For this price, you get a good value for money. The staff is friendly, breakfast is decent, rooms and bathrooms are small and could be refurbished. If I would be paying the normal price, which is above £300/room, I would go somewhere else",Date of stay: January 2013,3.0
1685,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1685-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Location and great service,"Le Meridien has always been one of my favorite hotels due to the location.  An evening dinner offers great choices, being so close to the theatre district. Its a quick walk to Oxford or Bond street and cabs are available right on the kern. Situated in an old landmark building; the lobby is a bit cramped. Over the years, extensive renovations have resulted in modern rooms though there are a few sloping roofs and small rooms. Unfortunately, renovated rooms are on the lower floors therefore picking a modern room/ with street noise versus older/quieter  rooms on the higher floors is a choice you have to make. The Terrace Grill has been redone nicely and a good place to meet with clients for a business breakfast to start the morning. The concierge is world class and very helpful,…",Date of stay: January 2013,4.0
1686,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1685-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Very average for the price,"I was forced to stay at the Le Meridien for one night, as we were evacuated from The Cavendish Hotel due to a gas leak outside.  Was pretty excited at the outset to be staying here, but my excitement faded. The guy at reception seemed to just about tolerate us, even though he getting 3 room bookings on the spot. The room was fine, although the bathroom looked very dated and a little unclean, even a few stray hairs on the floor and in the bathtub. I'm not sure if it was just my room, but the walls seemed to be made of cardboard and I could hear my neighbour sneezing, snoring and moving around his room.  Maybe if I had more time at the hotel I would have found other aspects of it enticing, but can't say much about the short stay I had.",Date of stay: January 2013,3.0
1687,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1685-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","great location, great service","We love this hotel for enjoying London.  You can walk to theaters, restaurants and shopping all close by.  The staff is super friendly and helpful.  Opt for their club rooms and get internet plus breakfast and cocktail, plus.",Date of stay: May 2012,5.0
1688,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1685-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Average in every way except its high prices,"The context of this stay is a two night stay on business midweek in January so not the busiest time..  The location is pretty good for shopping and nt too far to theatres, but notgreat for any businesss activity (my mistake)  I got out of a taxi and without assistance made my way to the cramped lobby. Check-in was cramped with no-one really moving to help me as I had a number of bags. there were groups milling about in the lobby and no evidence of anyone on reception. Eventually a disgruntled receptionist appeared and checked me in in a perfunctory manner.  The member of staff who eventually brought my bags to my room was helpful, cheerful and showed signs of customer service. The room itself was standard fare for a central london 5 star (small, some technology and boringly…",Date of stay: January 2013,3.0
1689,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1685-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",great location and good sized rooms,"My husband chooses this hotel when he has business in London and I love to come here to sty with him. There is a great buffet breakfast in the 'club lounge' and also a nice wine bar in the basement. The rooms we have had are always a good size and clean with comfy beds and good bathrooms. There was even a proper sized bath in the room when we stayed in January which is nice to use after a day shopping in the capital !!  Reception staff, concierge and the doorman are always polite and professional. I look forward to our next stay.  If you are flexible with dates there is often a good deal to be had via the company website too. I think we just had our room for 150 pounds a night.  There is a pool however I have never used it.",Date of stay: January 2013,5.0
1690,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1690-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Will stay here again and again and again,"My wife and I stayed here for a theatre trip and the hotel is excellent, the location is great, the service, the food, the room (club room) just everything.  I chose a club room which gave access to the club lounge which provides compliementry food and drink throughout the day and breakfast in the morning.  Juast a great hotel stay here if you have the opportunity.",Date of stay: February 2012,5.0
1691,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1690-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Unfortunately disappointing every time(!),"This could be a great hotel, yet I feel that it is below par in so many areas. What is most disappointing for me is the general feel or ""vibe"" one gets here. The place just feels unfriendly, the rooms are unpredictable but often slightly run-down. My personal guess is that there are simply not enough staff here: the doorman is rarely at the door, Concierge is seldom there, checking in can take forever, room-service is not particularly freindly etc. Even at breakfast it can take a long time to be seated, and this morning I had to wait around 15 minutes to finally get some coffee.  This is roughly my 10th stay here - so why do I come back? It has a fabulous location - pretty much 30 minutes (with the HEX + Underground) from Heathrow arrivals, it has a great health-club - with a…",Date of stay: January 2013,2.0
1692,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1690-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent stay in a terrific location,"Excellent location in the West End within walking distance to the theater district, shopping on Piccadilly and Regent Streets. We last stayed at the Meridien in 2008 and found the hotel thoughtfully modernized. This time our room was one of the hotel’s boutique style club rooms — very nice except for rather inscrutable lights switches presumably part of a “green”initiative. Frankly I liked the room more than the Edwardian room we previously stayed in. The staff was terrific beginning at checkin when we were told about the hotel’s membership card for the Tate Modern and Tate Britain galleries. These give access to ticketed shows as well as to a ""members only"" restaurant at the Tate. The front desk, bellmen, concierge and staff at Latitude (the downstairs bar) were all exceptional.",Date of stay: January 2013,5.0
1693,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1690-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Enjoyed it,"After reading some of the reviews of this hotel I was wary but, my son and his wife had been here and said it was fine.  I travelled with my son for a few days in London.  The location is the best.  We could walk to most everything we wanted or had easy access to the tube.  The room (#331) was clean and quiet.  It was away from the street and I only occasionally heard other guests.  I am a light sleeper and had asked for a quiet room.  The staff was friendly, except for the guy at the Starwoods check-in desk.  He just didn't really care.  But, I didn't see him again after check-in.  Everyone else was great.  On a snowy day they even loaned us umbrellas.  The breakfast buffet was a little expensive (as in most hotels) and I didn't think I could eat enough to justify it so, I…",Date of stay: January 2013,4.0
1694,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1690-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Poor customer service,"I have emailed this hotel and was hoping for a response but have not, I didn't want to have to put this on here.           My partner and I booked to stay with you for two nights to celebrate my 21st birthday. On arrival and check in, we were asked for a deposit of 200 pounds and told this was incase we drank from the mini bar or STOLE anything. Understandable, but presented to us with what felt like an implication we were not trusted. When we gave a card for the swipe, (not realising money was going to be taken from the account as opposed to just logging card details) our card declined, which was then broadcast for the whole of the reception to hear. We then offered another card which also declined, only to have that loudly pointed out by the receptionist to our obvious…",Date of stay: January 2013,2.0
1695,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1695-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Super location.,Hotel is well located nothin terms of getting there (tube) and for the West End. Hotel itself is well looked after and the staff polite. The only issue I had was that the heating/cooling system is antiquated (as it is in many older hotels in London). ,Date of stay: January 2013,4.0
1696,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1695-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Variable service and pick your room carefully,"I arrived here at 7:30am after a transatlantic flight.  Big surprise - there was no room ready.  I simply don't believe they were fully booked on a Wednesday night in mid-January; hardly the peak season even in London.  i waited nearly 2 hours before being given a horrible, cramped twin-bed room (I had asked for a King room).  After complaining I was eventually given a much better room on the 5th floor.  This room was reasonably comfortable, quiet and well-furnished with a small working area.  The location - for tourists - is obviously a good one and no doubt the hotel does well on this basis alone.  But it needs to improve its service to be sure of retaining customers.",Date of stay: January 2013,3.0
1697,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1695-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Paper thin walls,As others have said the only thing going for this hotel is the location. Very overpriced for the service and standard received. Do not bother with a wake up call as someone down the corridor is bound to be getting one and you can clearly hear their's. Or alternatively the person next door will be starting their ablutions so you need to get up or lie and listen as they go through their routine. But if you want easy access to theatre land and tube network and plan to be out and about for most of your stay then maybe you can put up with its in-perfections.,Date of stay: January 2013,2.0
1698,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1695-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Ignore at all costs,"The only thing going for this hotel is its location- but there is masses of choice within 500m so please don't waste your money  The service at the hotel is appalling, whether in the terrace where you have to chase the staff to be served, in the gym where the equipment is broken and it opens too late for a morning workout, room service that takes for ever .... Just applying  I am a star woods prefers guest member so I complained. The manager was rude and arrogant and didn't give a damn. Once I ask for a shopping Bag to be sent to the room - 55 mins later and 4 phone calls still no bag  Very few of the staff- including the managers- have English as a first language...it shows. Lots of communication problems, style issues  The wifi is patchy too  Frankly worse hotel I have stayed…",Date of stay: January 2013,1.0
1699,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1695-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Really bad cancellation policy from such a big chain!,"I had booked a business travel with around 10-15 people from the US and due to budget cuts, my manager asked to cancel my trip. I called them for 5 days continuously and they mentioned that some one will call me since my booking was non-refundable. I called everyday and no one called me till the last week of my actual travel date. I asked them to make an exception since we,as a company book rooms often at their hotel and they were not willing to cancel or even give me a hotel credit for this. I have stayed at big chains and they are really considerate and make exceptions to preserve goodwill. I will never stay at this hotel and also talk to my corporate department to remove their name from our 'so-called preferred hotel list' and make them aware of their unwillingness to help us…",Date of stay: January 2013,1.0
1700,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1700-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Needs an update, but cozy and great location","Some of the halls and rooms are a little battered, but one can forgive a lot for great location and accommodating service.  Room 108 (I think, on the first floor in front, with map wallpaper) is really nice.  A suite on the 2d floor (maybe 211?) was big, but lacked charm.  The gym is very comfortable and the pool is awesome.  Like a Roman bath.  Good steam room too. Expensive breakfast. Maybe get the package per night that includes breakfast.",Date of stay: December 2012,4.0
1701,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1700-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Please DON'T,"The only feature this hotel has going for it is location.  That being said, there are soooo many other hotels around the area, choose one of those PLEASE. Rude staff  Rude staff giving wrong information Soiled linen Slow housekeeping staff needed reminding of things more then once, like please send us fresh bedding with no blood stain, thank you! Stale bread at breakfast I could go on and on. When I complained I received no response.  I then emailed  the Head Office with my complaints and only then did this hotel  Finally respond.  How fortunate for me that they offered me a free room upgrade to a Hotel I will never set foot in.",Date of stay: April 2012,1.0
1702,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1700-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Look elsewhere for same hotel class,"My experience is contrary with the others here.  I read the reviews, checked out their website, booked the place for location and Wifi access.  The location is pretty good.  But so it is for most hotels in this same class in London.  Their definition of free Wifi is UK Pound 16 per day and worse is that it keeps dropping my connection every so often.  The worst part for me is that you can hear you those adjacent to your rooms, across your room, upstairs and on the road.  The floor creeks when are walking on it.  This is on their 7’th floor in their Club Room.  They have old thermostats and heaters.  I am glad they work.  TV has no video, only volume.  You would find better breakfast in bed & breakfast.  I didn’t need much from their service.  I would not come here with my…",Date of stay: January 2013,1.0
1703,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1700-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Excellent location, good accommodation, great service!","We thoroughly enjoyed our stay in December at the Le Meridien, Piccadilly in London, U.K. The location itself is fabulously in the center of many thing to do and see. Between the tube station located on the corner, the bus stop in front of the hotel, or the convenience of walking throughout Soho and the surrounding neighborhoods, we were able to see a tremendous amount in one week's time. The rooms themselves are nice, but old. That is not a complaint, just a fact. We stayed in two different rooms(of the same booking level), and some are better and more well appointed than others. One had two separate bathrooms, and was a spacious corner room and the other was half the size and had a single bathroom. Both were very nice though, and the beds slept very well. The staff were all…",Date of stay: December 2012,4.0
1704,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1700-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Fantastic location, helpful staff, great for families or business","This hotel has large rooms and is walking distance to the best shopping and theatre locations.  It is easy to get to - take the Heathrow express to Paddington and then the tube to the Piccadilly.  It is a half block from the tube station.  The staff throughout my stay was fabulous and the spacious room was a nice surprise for London.  I had a nice sitting area, king bed  plus  a pullout couch.  This room could have accommodated 4 people easily.    I will definitely return in the future - net time with my family1",Date of stay: December 2012,5.0
1705,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1705-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Longitude 0'8 Bar is nice.,"Had drinks in Meridien's Longitude Bar and were nicely surprised by the decoration and atmosphere.  The location is great, steps away from Piccadilly Circus and across Fortnum an Masons.  Even for non guests the Bar is inviting and the offering of cocktails is impressive. Not cheap but ok for this 5 star environment. The Bar is locates near the cloackrooms which I find convenient if you plan to stay for more than one drink.  Quality of the cocktails is good as far as the looks go, taste was rather bland we found. And a good cocktail needs more then just good looks unfortunatly. Staff could also be a bit more attentive as we had to wait some time for them to take our orders.  Would I go back? I guess so, it is a convenient location for Pre Theather drinks but I would probably not…",Date of stay: December 2012,4.0
1706,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1705-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great Location - Lousy Hotel!,"The hotel is perfectly situated for the theatres, restaurants, Piccadilly, Regent and Oxford Street shopping, important museums and art galleries, Soho, China Town and Covent Garden.  However, room 620 is probably the worst 5 star hotel bedroom I have ever slept in anywhere in the world. It is dated and in need of immediate attention. There was not one electricity socket located for telephone or computer use and recharging or boiling the provided kettle for tea. The actual kettle was the cheapest, tackiest I have ever encountered outside a bed and breakfast.  To plug it in I had go on my hands and knees alongside the wardrobe. The tea tray had just 2 teabags and 2 milks, plus coffee. The shower was inside the bath with no hand shower for use in the bath. Just 1 shampoo and 1…",Date of stay: December 2012,1.0
1707,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1705-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Really satisfying hotel - good central location, but escapist feel.","I've had the need to stay at this hotel a few times and each time I am very pleased with the rooms, service and experience.  Located just west of Piccadilly Circus, this centrally located hotel still provides you with an escapist feel - once inside the ambiance is relaxed and the noise level is peaceful.  the bar here has a nice vibe to it also, with a great creative drinks service and nice snacks.  The rooms vary is size depending on booking - and some floors offer hosted food/drinks in an executive lounge.  As a Starwood hotel property rewards rooms are often available here too.  The rooms I've been in are all modern, with new bathroom fittings, marble floors/counter tops etc..  Beds are comfortable with good quality linens.  Larger flat screen TVs and mini-bar in all the…",Date of stay: December 2012,5.0
1708,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1705-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Okay,"Stayed here with my mum for a one night theatre trip.  Initial impressions were very good, efficient check in, great staff on desk. Room was available straight away (11am) Room was small, but we had booked a basic room do this was acceptable.   We had done a lot of research and paid over my budget for a hotel with leisure facilities. We were really looking forward to this, but we're left dissapointed. Jacuzzi was out of service and pool was too cold to swim in. I'm from Yorkshire, I grew up swimming in the north sea. I can cope with a chillier than average pool, but this was really really cold.  Beds were very comfy, and I was looking forward to a great nights sleep. Sadly, the noise outside was terrible. Two single panes will not soundproof. I know its a historic building, but…",Date of stay: December 2012,3.0
1709,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1705-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Sumptious surroundings.,"My wife & I stayed here on an overnight & theatre event. Courteous staff car was whisked away & parked no fuss.Upgraded room was spacious and good decor. Returned to bar after theatre and was pleased service very good. Breakfast with a view ! All in all very pleased & very convenient for theatres ,restaurants etc. Would stay again",Date of stay: October 2012,5.0
1710,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1710-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Good location, efficient but not special","Check-in OK, but I was asked for ID even though I had pre-paid for the room and breakfast.  Maybe they are geared for foreign visiting guests.  The bedroom was well appointed, and had tea & coffee facilities as well as the usual minibar.  However there were a couple of niggles, there was no spindle for the loo roll holder and I can't believe that the chamber staff hadn't noticed because they had left fresh loo rolls.  Also in both our own room and the one above ours, the floors creaked terribly.  We were awoken in the might by the creaky floor from the room above and I suspect the we probably did the same to the guests below us.  Our breakfast was fine and as part of our package I didn't notice the cost.  However it's a West End hotel so expect to pay top money.  Our checkout…",Date of stay: December 2012,4.0
1711,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1710-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Could be better.,"Here's the good - Centrally located.  Near the Piccadilly station, lot of restaurants, stores, and Hamely's (for the kids).  Nice looking hotel.  Lounge downstairs.     Here's the bad - Room was ok.  But called to have them fix the towel warmer but never could get it working over the three days we were there. Also, had a huge leak (3'X3' ft area) in the ceiling.  I mean plaster was bubbling and dripping due to rain.  I didn't see it till last night but obviously, it's been leaking for awhile.  I told front desk, but they didn't do much about it.  They offered to move us but again it was the last night.  Can't believe housekeeping didn't see it beforehand.  When I checked out they just said ""sorry"" and would tell the manager.  They never tried to rectify or compensate for…",Date of stay: April 2012,3.0
1712,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1710-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great service. Good rooms. Adequate lounge.,"The staff (front desk, duty manager, club lounge) are very courteous and responsive. The club rooms are in good condition, well appointed, and spacious. I've been in more impressively designed and furnished Meridiens, but this one is more than adequate. The Club Lounge was fine, but it's not top-of-list compared to the lounges of other Starwood properties in major cities that I've experienced. It has a size and layout issue, and can get cramped during breakfast and evening hors d'oevres; the food selection is good but not outstanding. It is nonetheless quite convenient to have, and I appreciate the tea, coffee, and beverages that are available all day.",Date of stay: October 2012,4.0
1713,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1710-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Central position, that' it","We stayed here as a group, and selected this hotel for it's position and restaurant rating. The position in piccadilly is great other than that everything else was a bit of a let down. Very poor check in experience none of the hotel features explained to us. Why would I be expected to carry photo id to check into a hotel in my home country, when I informed the staff I do not carry this type of id the comment was ""you British never have id"" I then asked the girl which country she was from and when told asked her if she carries her passport around with her in the UK, she doesn't! We ate in the terrace restaurant which I would only describe as average but at a high price. Breakfast was also a poor experience with not enough staff on duty to clear tables efficiently making the area…",Date of stay: December 2012,3.0
1714,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1710-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Huge room, very nice","I had our double room all to myself one night, and it was fabulous! Huge room, large soaking tub, it was like an apartment! I was expecting a shoe box, given what most of London hotel rooms are like, but it was bright, and gigantic. However, my dad and his wife stayed in a King room that was very tiny. While the room was darling, they felt very cramped. So, maybe it is just better for doubles? Not sure, but I was very happy with my room, and we could walk most places around town pretty easily (though we are in very good shape, and can walk 10+ miles with no problem). Piccadilly is a bit overwhelming, but luckily, the hotel seems to be away from the craziness.",Date of stay: September 2012,4.0
1715,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1715-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","I don't speak French, but really liked it anyhow","Nice rooms, friendly staff.  that's about all you could ask for.  They've got a pretty good gym, and although they may have the biggest pool of any hotel in London, it is barely enough to do laps if that's what you're looking for. if not, the pool is actually pretty nice.",Date of stay: November 2012,4.0
1716,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1715-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Has a lot of great features...gym!,"stayed here for one night during the rolling stones concert...excellent location just aroudn the corner from regents street shops and a lot of lovely places...only had the preferred guest breakfast but it wasn't great, the coffee machine didn't work, there was a long delay in refilling the food and generally was MEH...room was lovely, a suite... would stay again! the gym was outstanding and excellent for a city centre gym!",Date of stay: November 2012,4.0
1717,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1715-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",below expectations,"This hotel is supposed to be one of the best places in London. I was extremely dissatisfied with my experience there – front to back:  Checkin: The room was not ready yet but we did the paperwork already. I explicitly mentioned that I would not like to receive any ad mails, newsletter, etc. after my stay. Only two days later, I have received the first spam mails.   2nd checkin: even after 4h of waiting, my room was not ready. I was told it would take just another 20 min, in the meantime I could visit the function rooms with one of the sales people (I was in London to plan an event). However, the sales person let me wait for almost 40 min. After an hour, the room was still not ready. When it was eventually ready, I went there and had the next surprise.  The room: When I entered…",Date of stay: December 2012,1.0
1718,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1715-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Restaurant is overpriced!,"We went there using the ""taste card"" and even by paying 50% of the bill the bill came to over 100 pounds! thats w/o any alcohol! The Service was long, and the food was very bland... Theres plenty of better restaurants that i would recommend.",Date of stay: June 2012,3.0
1719,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1715-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Fab position but disappointing,"You could not fault the central position but it was disappointing as a 5* hotel. On arrival we were told we has an extra large standard room - I would not have liked a normal size as it was not large however - no worries - we asked where the lounge was and were told we would have to pay £85 to go into the club lounge (admittedly with free drinks) but a 5* hotel with no lounge?. The bar was also closed. Breakfast in our deal was included but the service was very poor, the dishes containing the hot food were chipped and the only eggs available for the full english breakfast were scrambled - no fried or boiled. As I say position great but poor 5*",Date of stay: December 2012,3.0
1720,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1720-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Nice for afternoon cocktails,"I visited with 5 girlfriends as part of a weekend away. We called in for cocktails inbetween shopping and dinner. The lounge area was quiet and cosy, the service was attentive without being overbearing. Cocktails cost about £12 each but were very nice and beautifully presented. It is great location perfect for the sights and some shopping. A service charge is added to the bill which I expected, however I did have to ask for my change when I paid the bill, which thought was innapropriate. He then made quite a song and dance about opening the till whilst I had to stand and wait.",Date of stay: December 2012,3.0
1721,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1720-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Honest review - good experience!,"I stayed at this hotel on 1 dec to 2nd dec 2012 (so this weekend...), room 244 with my boyfriend and I can't really fault the hotel for the price I paid. The room was £130 on Hotels.com but minus the Quidco cashback it will amount to around £115.   Location is absolutely ideal. 1 minute walk to Picadilly tube station, 1 minute walk to Regent street and lots of restaurants and cafes around. If you want central, it doesn't get much more central than this hotel.  Check in was good. We arrived early and the room wasn't ready so they happily stowed our bags until we returned later. When we got back around 5pm to check in, the lady was very friendly, just like the first one, and apologised for the wait as there seemed to be a problem with the computer system. Overall the customer…",Date of stay: December 2012,5.0
1722,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1720-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",If you like paying to be in the middle of it all,"I stayed here only because it was on the company dime. Nothing wrong with the hotel and the staff was super friendly, but not sure the room facing the interior alley with HVAC pipes is worth the cost. Also, yes, the hotel is smack dab in the Times square of London replete with hordes of people.",Date of stay: October 2012,3.0
1723,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1720-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Great hotel, great location","I really liked this hotel, nice rooms, modern inside.  The service was good.  Room was a good size.  Nice room service.  Great location for central London.  Can't think of anything more to say but have to write 200 characters!!",Date of stay: October 2012,4.0
1724,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1720-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Our last weekend in the Kingdom,"This hotel is greatly disappointing. I am a very loyal Starwood guest (Platinum) but everything in this property goes wrong. The wifi coverage the hotel offers is just  frustrated  extremely intermittent. The staffs are not helpful at all. They seems to be upset and ""Don't bother me, please"". The Club lounge is the worse ever from all Starwood Property I stayed; I have been staying during in the week, and on the weekend my family came down to UK to join me; and we could notice how worse this small area - which they call as Club Lounge for starwood Preferred Guest -  became. People standing in the queue for get plates; for get food; for get coffee; and better not to mention the dirty tables; and the staffs running around and sweating; but even them was not polite at all and far…",Date of stay: November 2012,2.0
1725,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1725-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great Location / Sad Hotel,"Le Meridien Piccadilly is greatly disappointing.  I am a very loyal Starwood guest (Platinum every year) but I must confess that the Le Meridien brand has always confused me.  I did a bit of research and understand that Starwood is positioning this French chain as an art-centric, Euro style hotel that caters to the “creative class”.  I think the Piccadilly property got all the bad attributes of a French focused chain and not much in the way of style and refinement.  The lobby is small, cramped and certainly not a social hub that Starwood aims for.  The interior of the hotel (common areas and rooms) are dated and dingy.  We were upgraded to an executive suite but found it very unappealing.  The suite had one big living room which could be a nice feature but the furnishings were…",Date of stay: November 2012,2.0
1726,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1725-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Nice hotel very average service,"I wanted to like this hotel but from check in the staff made excuses as to why things are done a certain way and my requests could not be accommodated.  My experience in the dining room was horrific. The dining room was 25% full one evening and still I waited 20 minutes for an appetizer soup and then my main course salad was wrong. When I asked for it to be changed a certain way it was not.  More excuses, ""all the orders came in at once"" and they offered no solution except we're sorry and ""the chef insists it was done the way you asked"".   When I returned to my room I  could not reach room service and was missing my breakfast menu for the following day... another excuse ""I guess the housekeeping staff forgot"".  Truly disappointing given the price of the room.",Date of stay: November 2012,3.0
1727,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1725-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Location is ideal for sites.,"Good Starwood property in great location for sightseeing.  Nice room but small, old bathroom for high price...good club level service with friendly staff ...typical breakfast items, nice desserts, and snacks.  Requested early check-in due to very early flight arrival bur could not get into room until late in afternoon because hotel was booked...used time to walk and see fabulous Christmas lights on regent, Oxford, etc.  great time to visit city.  Somewhat disappointed with hotel since previous visit to this property...need to update rooms, especially bathrooms..for a junior suite disappointing but great view of regent street...however, nice service and friendly staff",Date of stay: November 2012,4.0
1728,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1725-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Has not quite met the Le Meridien standard.,"Based on first impressions the hotel would seem very nice, however, having stayed with Le Meridien before everything just seemed like it was missing something. Do not misunderstand me the hotel is great, the rooms are nice, and the location is fantastic. I just expected, more. I also understand that space is a precious commodity in London, so I was not terribly surprised to see that the rooms were on the smaller side (but still with sufficient space). I just expected that Starwood would ensure one of their best brands would have an absolutely fantastic hotel in a city so large. That being said, each to their own.",Date of stay: November 2012,4.0
1729,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1725-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent location,"Spent three nights at this hotel.  As this was our first time in London we were looking for a nice hotel in a good location.  Could not have asked for a better location.  Close to the tube, walking distance from Buckingham Palace, Big Ben, Trafalgar Square, etc, and much to do at Picadilly Circus itself.  After a bad start we ended up being satisfied with our hotel choice.  We had booked a Club Room (which I highly recommend as rooms as better and offer access to the lounge). When we arrived at the hotel our room was not ready, we waited 3 hrs for the room to be given a really crabby one.  When I went back to the desk to complain about the room the person I saw said she could not understand why her colleague had assigned us to this room especially since we had been waiting for…",Date of stay: October 2012,4.0
1730,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1730-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",3-star hotel with a major noise problem!,"I stayed for a couple of days in this hotel and i must say it was the worst 5-star hotel i ever tried in my entire life. There is only one good thing about this hotel which is the location. It's 2 minutes away from Piccadilly station which was very convient for accessing soho and west end. My major problem with this hotel was noise. The walls were too thin. I could here the exact conversations the people in the next room were having. I could hear them walking by in the room, showering, flushing the toilet, etc. It almost felt like i was with them in the same room. They kept talking at almost 1 am which kept me awake all night long. The room was clean enough but for a 3-star hotel and not  5-star. Staff were ok but i didn't use any of the services or the restaurant. The noise…",Date of stay: November 2012,1.0
1731,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1730-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Fantastic meal and service,"On a recent visit to London my wife and I went to this fantastic hotel as we were passing to have a coffee. We were in need of dinner suggestions so we asked the concierge for advice. This is when we met George, a charming Scotsman who oozed charisma and had the knowledge of London and his fingertips. George made a few suggestions one of them being the hotel restaurant. He didn’t force it as so many hotels do but he suggested we have a drink in the bar while he got us a menu to view.  The bar was beautiful, modern and contemporary with a fantastic and wide ranging selection of drinks. We were already tempted to return for dinner and after George dropped the menus back we had our dinner ordered in our heads already for that night. George made the reservation for us and we…",Date of stay: October 2012,5.0
1732,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1730-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Former favorite - but slipping in my eye,"I've been coming back to the Le Meridien Piccadilly for many years, and have typically stayed there 3 - 4 times per year, sometimes on buisness, sometimes for pleasure, and often a cmbination of both.  From a location perspective, the hotel really can't be beat if you are looking for access to the West End or Soho.    From a quality and value perspective, the hotel is begining to slip in my eyes.  The hotel has gone through a series of renovation on several floors, but by-in-large, many of the rooms still leave a lot to be desired for a property that markets itself as a high-end property.  There has been no siginificant, wholesale updates - which the hotel seriously needs.  With that said, the rooms are not bad - just not great.  As an SPG Platinum member, I had previously…",Date of stay: October 2012,4.0
1733,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1730-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Brilliant location, good enough rooms","the location is one of the best in London.  So much to do in walking in distance and when you need the tube it is one minute to the entrance of the station.  Beds very comfortable.  They recently had a renovation, I do not understand how you renovate and still put an old fashioned shower in on top of a bath tub.  Modernise properly with comfortable walk in showers.  Health club only opens at 6.30am which is too late for such a hotel.  You want to be be able to get in from 5 or earlier - especially if you are jetlagged!",Date of stay: October 2012,4.0
1734,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1730-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Wonderful location!!!,"Stayed three nights in July to visit the sights in London.  Hotel has great central location, very convienent to the picadilly tube station.  Staff was friendly and helpful.  Room was clean, bed was comfortable.  Would stay here again.",Date of stay: July 2012,5.0
1735,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1735-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",STAY AWAY FROM THIS HOTEL!!!,"Even though the location is great, the rooms are very nice and it's clean, the staff is HOPELESS! They are extremely slow, not service minded at all, and few of them smile and are friendly. When we arrived the hotel to check in, they told us that we couldn't get our room until five (check in was 3) because the guest that had been staying there the night before decided to get a late check out, and  I quote: ""he payed so they couldn't kick him out!"" We had also payed, but that didn't matter. The only thing they offered us was to take a shower in the health club. (Yeah right!!) so our plans for the night got ruined, we lost our reservation and they offered NOTHING. The next day we found a bottle of cheap wine in our room, probably supposed to be an excuse, but no card or note…",Date of stay: November 2012,2.0
1736,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1735-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Convenient and close to theatre,"With a one night layover in London, we wanted to see a show.  Hotel is ideally located for a short walk to a pre-theatre meal and theatre, without having to worry about finding a taxi after the show.  Although the lobby/public areas are nice, rooms need a serious make-over.  Pricey even by London standards but they know they have a good location.  Club room is pleasant with an adequate selection of drink and nibbles, including continental breakfast.  Even with an SPG upgrade, unlikely to stay here again.",Date of stay: October 2012,3.0
1737,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1735-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",They TURN OFF THE HEAT!,"Husband is currently ending a 5 night stay at this hotel. Hotel is in a FABULOUS location, about 1-2 blocks from Piccadilly Circus and in an old building in the middle of London.  The rooms are a generous size for London, too.  But, they are in need of updating.  However, the BIG PROBLEM is that the rooms are COLD!  Husband got in on morning flight and was trying to snooze but was so cold he couldn't sleep.  Front desk says they only turn on the heat from 6-9am and 6pm - 1am. Other times, you must request a space heater.  He did.  It wasn't enough.  Come on Le Meridien.  The room charge is over $400 US a night!  TURN ON THE HEAT for your customers!",Date of stay: November 2012,2.0
1738,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1735-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great Location! Old hotel though,"It's just the perfect location! We booked through Secret hotels on Last Minute.com. The hotel is nice but just extremely old. But we were lucky enough to get one massive!!! room, with a fake window overlooking the banquet hall, where they served breakfast and where, on an upper level, they had a very nice bar there.  All in all, a grand, old style hotel with just an amazing location! I keep wanting to go back but it's now always booked up on the weekends I want :-(.",Date of stay: January 2012,5.0
1739,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1735-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Excellent Location, But Very Poor Hotel!","I really don't know how to express this to anyone wanting to stay at this hotel other than it is a complete let down if you have any expectations of staying in an advertised 5 star hotel, and more importantly, paying a 5 star price of around $500 per night.  Stayed in a Junior Suite Starwood Preferred Guest Room.  Old, worn out, cold, damp, musty, filthy carpet, hard bed that is NOT A SHERATON SWEET SLEEPER BED, no working heater that could keep the room any warmer than 19C, had to get a portable heater brought to the room and that brought the temp up to 20C.  The windows are so drafty that cold air just comes in no matter what you do.  Bathroom cold as ice and the only way to warm it up was to turn on the hair dryer.  Hot water in sink barely runs enough to shave.  Small 32""…",Date of stay: November 2012,1.0
1740,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1740-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Celebrated my Birthday in London with Friends,"This was my second stay @ Le Meridien Picadilly I did enjoy much,this year was special I celebrated my birthday in London the Hotel is centrally located my room with a view to Picadilly was great,most important I received an amazing attention & service, I had fast check in, access to Internet, access to the executive  Club Lounge where they offer a great happy hour my friends were welcomed too.I commend very much Basco the Porter HE recognised me upon my arrival and gave me a warmth welcome thanks to Stephan, Oriol, Alex@ Reception. I enjoyed very much my stay and looking forward to see you all in my next visit.",Date of stay: October 2012,5.0
1741,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1740-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Long stay in London,"I was here in late October for two weeks.  Overall, I recommend the hotel.  It is pricey but no more so than any other good quality hotel in this part of London.  I was here for business, but being next to Picadilly Circus, you cannot help but notice all the tourists.  If you are looking for shopping, Oxford Circus is nearby.  For theatre-goers, many theaters are nearby.  All in all, the location is fantastic.  I was given a room with two single beds since I wanted to check-in early.  It was on street-side (Regent Street) and had a little bit of a view.  The room was not tiny nor was it large.  It was clean and the bathroom was clean and good.  Given other London rooms I've experienced, the size of the room was very good.  Front desk service was good though they could get busy…",Date of stay: October 2012,4.0
1742,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1740-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",5 star service!,I love this hotel and the service especially in the club lounge. The staff are atentive and friendly. Alexesia in the club Lounge is the best host ever!! she is always smiling and gracioius!!  Will certainly come back,Date of stay: November 2012,5.0
1743,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1740-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",You pay for location but get no more!!!,"Very central location but very tired and dated hotel. Think Laurence Llewelyn-Bowen circa 1996   in Changing Rooms. Certainly not a 5 star hotel. You are basically paying to be on Piccadilly Circus. Staff were polite but the reception was small and quite busy. Did not try the restaurant at the hotel so cannot comment. Seems silly to eat in the hotel when Mayfair/Soho has so many options to choose from.   The room (220) was small and odd.The bed and linen was excellent but that was the only thing. The room was clean but the bathroom was dirty. I took photos of the dirty curtains so please take a look. The street is busy and loud, double glazing did not help much. I had brought earplugs so I slept pretty well.   I must admit that I agree with Simon W's review that this was not…",Date of stay: November 2012,2.0
1744,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1740-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great stay,"Booked last minute, read reviews and though mixed feelings, me and my wife got there and it just got better and better.... We were treated so good, the room was great, all you could expect from an old building made to look new in places, the staff were so good, bar was nice... Proper 5star in my book. We would stay there again for sure, again every review is different, all depends on your expectations before you get to locations. Well done le meridien and staff Mr Mrs B",Date of stay: November 2012,5.0
1745,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1745-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent location - Room not 5 Star!,"I stayed at the hotel for 2 nights with my wife and two children during the October half term holiday.  The total cost of our family room (with an early booking discount) came to £493.66. To have breakfast would have cost us an additional £108 per day.    The hotel staff were all very professional and polite. Although the hotel location is excellently situated for many of the local attractions the room we were assigned was old and shabby.  Early impressions were not brilliant when we were met by a loud howling wind blowing through the rotting exterior window. I attempted to secure the window shut which meant sliding the internal glazing to one side. This glass fell out of the runner, fortunately I caught it and placed against the wall.  The matter was resolved quickly by…",Date of stay: October 2012,3.0
1746,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1745-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Not cheap. Not cheerful.,"Don't be deceived by the funky lobby and check in area. This is an old, tired hotel, albeit one in a great central location. Poor quality rooms with noise from the street up to floor 5 and from the corridors. Some of the staff work hard and well, but i wont stay again.",Date of stay: October 2012,2.0
1747,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1745-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",The best staff i've encountered!,"On my recent trip to London, i've stayed at all 3 SPG hotels in piccadilly, by far i would have to say this one excelled! The staff are amazingly nice and the rooms were well maintained and very spacious! The bed is amazing!!!! i'm pretty sure the king bed could fit all 4 adults in it! Definitely my hotel choice if i am ever back in London!",Date of stay: October 2012,4.0
1748,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1745-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent hotel in all ways,I have just returned from a 2 night break with a girlfriend and could not fault the hotel and staff. Club room 708 was huge with excellent views from all its windows. The bed was as comfortable as my own and it had huge pillows with a choice of firm or soft. Club lounge and leisure club excellent. Thank you.,Date of stay: October 2012,5.0
1749,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1745-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Not up to standard!,"Just taste the name: ""Le Meridien"". Mmm...  That name did set my expectations really high. But boy, did I get disappointed.  We had booked a De luxe room but where given a room on third floor facing the back alley. We walked down to the reception and after a bit of discussion we where given a room on 7th floor - with street view. But the rooms feel outdated. The bathrooms are old. The breakfast in ""the Lounge"" (included if you booked a de luxe room) was a joke. Poor selection and on the minute 11.00 they pack everything out - without a thought of asking if someone would like something more.  You could almost see the despair in the employees eyes.  ""Take me with you - don't leave me here"".",Date of stay: October 2012,2.0
1750,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1750-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great location average hotel,"The only positive for this hotel is its excellent location.  It is basically next door to the Piccadilly underground station and a five minute walk from Trafalgar square and Leicester Square.  Apart from its location the hotel has little else to recommend it.    My first night in the hotel was spent on the top floor in a room which was clearly never designed as a hotel room.  The ceiling height was incredibly low giving a claustrophobic feel to the room.   More inexplicably the bathroom despite its relatively large size had everything squeezed together forcing you to sit on the toilet on an angle as the bathtub was otherwise jutting into your right side.    I managed to move to a corner king for the subsequent two nights which was a very pleasant room.  However, the bedding…",Date of stay: August 2012,2.0
1751,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1750-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Good Location,"We stayed here a couple of years ago. We were happy with the location, easy to get around from here with a toddler and a baby. The hardest part was taking the train from the airport to this hotel. It was not easy to maneuver a stroller and two big luggages with two little ones in tow in the train station that was not kid/handicap friendly. As for the hotel, we thought it was old and needed some renovations. The pool was nice, but not quite sure if it was kid friendly. We had a horrible start trying to get to San Francisco to London. We flew with British Airways and our plane had engine issues. After sitting in the airplane for six hours the flight was cancelled. While waiting around we managed to call the hotel to say we were going to be one day delayed. They were understanding…",Date of stay: November 2011,4.0
1752,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1750-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Never again!!!,"When I arrived here this morning after an 8 hour flight from Toronto, I was told by the check in clerk that the hotel didn't have my reservation, that it was cancelled. Luckily I had a copy of my e- confirmation. He still refused to honor the confirmed rate and told me the only room he could offer me was a smaller one at $150 Canadian HIGHER THAN THE CONFIRMED PRICE. He said he would check with Starwood reservations and confirm my story. I told him I was a Starwood gold member, he refused to believe me, he said that his computer system said I had yet to achieve this status   Basically gold status gives you free Internet.  I had the clerk call Starwood where my Gold status was confirmed. He never apologized. I guess I'll have to update the system. I said that perhaps you can now…",Date of stay: October 2012,1.0
1753,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1750-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Good hotel,"I mean Le Meridien is very different by other Le Meridiens. Stayed in many of them and I have to admit this hotel is a middle class Le Meridien. We had really problems with my booking. About breakfast. I had it black on white on paper that I have breakfast and the Manager just said I dont have it. And than he started to speak spanish so I dont understand. This was soooo rude. I even wrote an complain to spg directly about this behaviour.  I just mean, if a guest comes with a paper where its confirmed, there should be no doubt about this issue. As of this we changed to W london and that was completely different.. I even liked the rooms much better its new and Le Meridien kind of old style and not renewed really. After all wouldnt come back for the offered price and received…",Date of stay: April 2012,1.0
1754,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1750-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great Location,"We chose this hotel because of its location and the fact it had interconnecting rooms.  On arrival we discovered that they had not reserved us interconnecting room.  We were travelling with teenage children and this was an essential.  The receptionist was extremely helpful and resolved our problem without issue and even upgraded us.  We dined in their restaurant where the food was excellent.  They were slow to take our order but once it had been taken the service was great.  We decided to have a nightcap in the the Longitude bar - we had been told it closed at 11 pm as it was Sunday evening but when we got there at 10.25 pm was told the bar was closed and closed at 10.30 pm.  After some discussion, we were offered ONE drink.  This was typical of the service throughout our stay -…",Date of stay: October 2012,3.0
1755,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1755-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Excellent Location, Great Service, Good Value","Great location very close to Piccadilly Circus.  Hotel staff was very attentive and dealt with my requests well: arrived at the hotel at 10a because of early flight arrival and while they did not have my room category available, they offered a two single bed room, which was fine since I was traveling on business.  Room was small, but bed very comfortable, great shower with excellent water pressure (a pet peeve of mine), and excellent wifi speed.  Service wise, one phone call and an electric plug converter was provided.  Finally, EXCELLENT breakfast buffet with delicious healthy and decadent choices from a variety of fresh fruit juices and smoothies to Greek yoghurt to eggs, sausage, etc.  Will definitely be back.",Date of stay: October 2012,4.0
1756,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1755-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Great, central location","The hotel is very close to the train station, surrounded by good restaurants, minutes walk from the theaters and close to all tourist attractions. It's a bit pricey though. I traveled to London with my husband for work so therefore, the company paid for the hotel.",Date of stay: July 2012,5.0
1757,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1755-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, but 3 star rooms - at best.","The staff was basically friendly and the location is fantastic, but be warned if you get a room through a last minute or deal website... You get the dregs with mold in the bathroom, mismatched furniture, windows that don't really open well, and a cramped quarters.",Date of stay: September 2012,3.0
1758,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1755-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great service. Great staff. Great location.,I have Starwood elite status and stayed here over new year's. I was upgraded immediately upon check in by a very nice front desk agent by the name of Joanne.  The location of the hotel is perfect for NYE and other tourist activities in that Picadilly Square is right at the end of the block that the hotel is on. The pool is actually a lot bigger than you would expect for a hotel in this part of London. I do not believe there was an ice machine on my floor and I had to call to get ice each time but it was relatively quick each time. Hotel housekeeping cleaned my room promptly everyday and turned down the beds before I got back each evening.  I stayed for a total of 5 nights and only encountered a problem where another guest of the hotel was prank calling various rooms. This was…,Date of stay: January 2012,5.0
1759,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1755-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great tourist location/average hotel,Steps from the tube and near lots of restaurants and the tourist hubbub.  You can walk to many of the popular tourist spots from here.  We stayed for four nights on points and were upgraded to a suite - #211.  I didn't see any of the other rooms but this suite was a disappointment.  Bedroom and bathroom were tiny (typical of Europe) but there was an extra half bath.  The bed was extremely uncomfortable and the bedroom layout was awkward.  You had to prop the bedroom door open if someone wanted to use the desk/vanity.  The living area had poor lighting and a hodgepodge of furniture.  It was a strange mix of traditional and modern - very ugly.    Our main complaint with the room was the lack of heat or any climate control.  They eventually brought in a space heater but it couldn't…,Date of stay: September 2012,3.0
1760,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1760-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Great hotel, great location","If you like hustle and bustle and lots of action, then this hotel is for you.  Its in the heart of Piccadilly Circus which is always busy.  Its a little spendy, but the hotel is nice, rooms big, service great and clean.  Stayed here for work.  If I came here for vacation, I wouldn't stay for the price.  You can find just as nice places for a better price and location.",Date of stay: September 2012,4.0
1761,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1760-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Internet issues let the hotel down,"Did not notice a dedicated Starwood preferred Guest counter on check-in, which was slow due to one guest having problems. Room was fine, though needed to work and spent the next two and a half hours trying to get a wi-fi connection for my ipad to work. This involved a number of calls to the hotels IT helpdesk which was abroad, moving rooms and eventually being told that the hotel had had an issue with iPads, which they thought had been resolved. Everyone, including the duty manager was very apologetic and did what they could, but it was a frustrating start. Once eventually working, it was fast and efficient. The second room was bigger, which a large TV and a very comfortable bed. Breakfast in the club lounge was adequate, but unlike many hotels, I was not given the option of…",Date of stay: September 2012,3.0
1762,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1760-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",wonderful hotel,"This has been another fabulous stay in London at the Le Meridien Piccadilly   I simply love this hotel, the location is perfect and the staff could not be more accomodaating, professional or nicer.  It is truly divine to step out of the car after a long trip walk into the lobby and be greeted by the staff with big smiles and ""how nice to see you again"" while they take care  my luggage  ....  the rooms are lovely and above all they are quiet which is something i need after the long trip   I am always amused at myself since it is inevitable that i start to make plans to return to this hotel before i even leave.....  the platinum lounge on the mezzanine serves a nice breakfast, afternoon tea and evening snacks, with a beautiful view of the gorgeous lobby with its stain glass…",Date of stay: September 2012,5.0
1763,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1760-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Proper hotel!,"I have just finished a three night mixed business and pleasure stay at this hotel.  I stayed in a club room which was roomy great facilities including good internet access.  Nice bathroom.  Used the club lounge a fair bit, laid back and relaxed nice snacks and drinks, you pay but get a good deal here.  Really nice and friendly helpful staff, will stay again for sure",Date of stay: September 2012,4.0
1764,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1760-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",TOP,Very nice hotel but very expancyl spacious and very comfortable in the heart of Piccadilly sublime little lunch in a beautiful setting.....the best...a real Méridien very well maintained but we're in London so the price is too High,Date of stay: September 2012,5.0
1765,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1765-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Shoddy Service, Mediocre Property","I am currently in the lobby of this hotel about to begin a five day stay for business, my second visit to this property this year.  The hotel insisted on payment in advance.  Now, they're refusing to offer me a room after a long international flight from the West Coast of the U.S.  They have left me sitting in the lobby for three hours now.    What is infuriating is that they have a room available, but are refusing to transfer my reservation to it as they do not wish to incur two room cleaning fees.  This is unacceptable given the terms of my stay.  I will never stay at this property again!  They have no idea what customer service is.  May their staff be treated similarly when they travel in the future.",Date of stay: September 2012,1.0
1766,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1765-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",there's a reason you don't find this hotel in guidebooks,"I don't know if the hotel is always musty, but as soon as you get off the elevator on your floor--and as you enter your room, there's an overpowering smell of mildew and dampness. I can't speak to whether there is a mold issue, but the smell is overpowering.",Date of stay: September 2012,3.0
1767,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1765-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, average hotel","I just returned from a business trip to London and stayed at Le Meridian at Piccadilly.  The location is great but the hotel is just average….I was flying over night so I booked my room for the night before so when I arrived at 10AM I could go to my room and have a short rest….Great idea but unfortunately, my room was the size of a napkin, smelled and was a bit tired…so I went back downstairs and was assisted by a nice chap that found me a better room (bigger and it was did not smell) but I must say the bathroom when you open the door it stops because the toilet was in the way.  When they did the renovation that did keep the character and old world charm…. Breakfast at the lounge was fantastic and most of the staff where very helpful, the front desk was always busy and I think…",Date of stay: September 2012,3.0
1768,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1765-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Location, location, location...  and not a bad hotel either","I've stayed here a few times over he years, spending my SPG points and having city breaks with my wife.  You can't fault the location, as other reviewers have said.   The hotel itself was refurbished a year or so ago, and the rooms (the ones we get, anyway) are now very comfortable and well-appointed.  The club lounge is great, it can get crowded at mealtimes as the locusts gather but otherwise it's a cool place to sit and relax.  Service and hotel staff are fine, but I do not normally have much reason to speak to them, let alone complain...  Finally, the cellular (mobile) signal in the hotel is quite strong, no problem at all to make a phone call on your mobile phone.    Nice hotel.  Recommended.",Date of stay: August 2012,4.0
1769,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1765-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Starwood property with great location,"We booked this hotel with our Starwood points and found it perfect for exploring London. I wouldn't say it was a great value but I liked the fact that Piccadilly is few steps away. By London standards, the room was spacious and comfortable. The most memorable thing about this hotel for me was that it was located near my favorite Wagamama Noodles bar. Stay here just for the location.",Date of stay: October 2011,3.0
1770,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1770-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Worth switching from another hotel,Couldn't have been better in any way. Superb breakfast and club lounge. Roomy suite upgrade. Two of our party who frequent London have switched to this hotel after my husband's suite impressed them. No complaints which is rare! Kudos to attentive staff.,Date of stay: September 2012,5.0
1771,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1770-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",The only thing saving this place is its location!,"I hardly know where to begin.  I have stayed in plenty of London hotels over the years, but this last experience is tough to top in terms of gross incompetence coupled with complete intransigence and utter disregard for a paying customer.  Granted, when you pay 170 pounds you don't expect Dorchester treatment, but this is just too much.  When I checked in, I was shown to my room on the 8th floor.  Now I was staying only for one night, so I was quite willing to have a room that was not as optimal as one that one might stay in for a few days.  What I got, however, was a room that was so small there was no place to put my suitcase at all, and to get to the bathroom you had to go up stairs.  It was, literally, an old maids closet/room.  I asked if they had anything better.   Next, I…",Date of stay: September 2012,1.0
1772,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1770-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Very Nice Starwood Property,"The Le Meridien on Piccadilly in London is a very nice Starwood property.  I am Platinum, so I did get a nice upgrade to a corner suite which was large and quite nice.  The club lounge is great, and this hotel as arguably the best gym I have EVER seen in a Starwood property - it is almost a full size health club!!!  The staff is gracious and helpful, definitely going above an beyond to make my stay enjoyable.  The only thing preventing me from giving five stars is that I prefer a slightly more modern style, which some Meridien's offer - this one is a bit more classic in its style.  This hotel is convenient to many popular sites in London, and is just 100 meters from the Piccadilly Circus tube stop.  This is a great spot to explore London from, whether on business or pleasure.",Date of stay: September 2012,4.0
1773,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1770-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",London is on a roll...,"We had a most enjoyable experience at this hotel.  Overall value was superb, location unbeatable and our room was clean and more than satisfactory.  Being in London at the end of the Paralympics ensured that we found everyone extremely helpful in helping us get around and head to the right places.  London is on a roll in 2012!!!  The buffet breakfast is unbelievably good!",Date of stay: September 2012,4.0
1774,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1770-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Nice start to a vacation,"Room was clean, bed was comfortable, location was across the street from the tube. Had to pay for Internet so instead we went next door to Starbucks or Caffe Nero and checked the Internet while we had breakfast. The staff was very helpful and allowed us to use the house phone to call the credit card company in Canada when our visa had been misplaced. They were very nice.",Date of stay: September 2012,4.0
1775,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1775-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Average,"Loved the location, close to dinner at my favorite restaurant in Soho, and cocktails at the Criterion. Room was as expected at a Meridien, more or less. Very comfortable; all the mod cons without excessive luxe. Staff was very professional and infrastructure up to date. Not special enough for ""favorite"" status, but at a discounted price, I'd definitely return.",Date of stay: September 2012,3.0
1776,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1775-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Good location,"We got off to a bad start as there was no room available in ""our class"" until 4:00 pm. Apparently we were  starwood not so preferred guests as we did not have gold or preferred status. They didn't suggest a place to  wait. The first hotel lounge that we attempted to enter turned us away. Again above our class. The room was reminiscent of a Manhatten hotel room, cramped with no dresser  or adequate closet space, but overall acceptable for an old building. The fitness center was first rate and we were not charged extra for it. The included buffet breakfast was good, but the service spotty. The internet was not free, again because even though I'm a starwood preferred guest, I don't have sufficient preferred status. The location was very good. It was close to the tube and within…",Date of stay: August 2012,3.0
1777,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1775-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Possibly the best location in London?,"Le Meridien is part ofthe Starwood Group - so it is a professionally run hotel, with good staff, good rooms and good facilities.  THis hotel has a couple of features that for me make it a real find. THe Location. 50 feet form Piccadilly circus, walking distance of Trafalgar square, bucking palace, Fortnum & Mason, Bond Street, Hyde Park, West End theatres , Leicester Square, COvent garden....  Secondly it has a great gym, spa and swimming pool - which given its location is a real treat  Thirdly it has one of th ebest brekast buffets in London - it s a well kept secret.  The rooms are nothing special - typical business/starwood hotel rooms. Luxurious enough, comfortable enough with good enough facilities. most dont have a view but this hotel really scores on the location, and the…",Date of stay: September 2012,4.0
1778,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1775-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Overrated hotel, appalling attitude to customer services","i stayed here during the Olympic Games a number of times through my company.  Although some of the staff are polite, overall the service was appalling, especially from the more senior manager.  When I checked in I was asked for photo ID (I've never been asked for that before at any other hotel) and when queried, we were told 'it's the norm, I can't give you a room without checking you are who you say you are'.  Then I was asked to give a credit card (usual practice) but someone in my group only had a debit card.  When he was told he couldn't check in, we asked for a senior manager who came along and rudely told my colleague if he didn't have a credit card, he had to go down the road to a cashpoint and take out £100 to give the hotel in case of 'incidentals'.  I've never stayed…",Date of stay: August 2012,1.0
1779,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1775-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Superb Location Trumps Any Minor Issues,You simply cannot get a better location in London. The Piccadilly Tube is on the corner and virtually every major bus route is only steps away. It is an easy 45 minute Tube ride from Heathrow right to your hotel. Leicester Square is a five minute walk and most West End theaters are an easy walk. Regent Street shopping is literally right there. I've stayed in London many times and no location has been better than this.  This is an historic old hotel. Rooms can be small and sometimes things might not work as well as in a modern hotel - who cares! It is all about getting the most out of your visit to London.  The staff was friendly and accommodating. Our room was clean and quiet. Key cards are required for the elevators which adds an extra layer of feeling comfortably safe.,Date of stay: August 2012,4.0
1780,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1780-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Fantastic Stay in London,"We stayed at Le Meridien Piccadilly for 4 days and had a wonderful time.  We took a redeye flight from New York that arrived at 7:30am and when we arrived at the hotel we had a room available at 9am to store our luggage, which was much appreciated since check-in is usually at 3pm.  We got our second room about an hour or so later and were very happy that they were able to accommodate us early.    We took the Tube from Heathrow and the Piccadilly Circus station was only a few footsteps from the hotel, which was great.  We loved the centralized location of the hotel and while the hotel is so close to Piccadilly Circus we never had a problem with noise.  I'm a fan of big cities and people-watching and it was great being so close to both Piccadilly Circus and Leicester Square…",Date of stay: August 2012,5.0
1781,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1780-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great 1 night visit,"We spent just 1 night in a standard inward facing room - no you don't get a view but it was quiet. The staff are all very attentive. Best buffet breakfast I think we have ever encountered, especially the scrambled eggs on smoked salmon. The Terrace Bar is a great, very modern bar overlooking Piccadilly and you can sit outside if you wish though you get a bit forgotten by the staff if you're outside. The wine list is very well priced for a central London hotel. The hotel is in a wonderful position - many attractions are easily reached on foot and we would thoroughly recommend it.",Date of stay: August 2012,4.0
1782,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1780-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Perfect location,"This is my third stay at this property and will be my choice for the next time.  Our family room was perfect and large enough for 4 exploding suitcases.  I would chose the concierge level again just to have access to breakfast - we couldn't make it back for any of the other services.    Love the location to Regent Street, Bond Street, the Piccadilly tube station, Buckingham and many other attractions.  Cecelia at check in was precious and very helpful with many of my requests.",Date of stay: July 2012,4.0
1783,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1780-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Avoid the Ninth Floor,"I had the good fortune to get a reservation at Le Meridien Piccadilly during the second week of the London 2012 Olympics.  I was thrilled to be able to get a room here as I had stayed here twice before and had wonderful rooms, service, and overall good experiences during those stays.  But upon arrival for this trip, it didn't go as well.  After our very long flight from the U.S. West Coast, we arrived at the appointed time in the late afternoon, but our room wasn't ready.  The nice person at reception took my mobile number and assured us he would call me when the room was ready.  He did not.   After several ours of roaming about the West End in our overly exhausted state, we finally just decided to go back and see if the room might be ready.  I went back to the same person.  The…",Date of stay: August 2012,4.0
1784,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1780-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Exterior versus interior,"Looking at Le Meridien Piccadilly from the outside, you might get the idea that it is a somewhat older, bombastic hotel. But, once you get through the revolving door, you step into a completely different hotel! The reception is very modern and minimalistic (note the ""clocks"" behind the check-in desk). The elevators are high tech with TV-screen and music (don't forget to insert you card key before pressing the requested floor...).  The deluxe rooms are very spacious and come with 2 bright red comfy chairs, besides a working desk, satellite-TV and in our case twin beds (as requested). It was great to discover that there where 2 sets of amenities in the bathroom! The breakfast is served in the Terrace restaurant, where you can also sit outside (weather permitting) and it is finger…",Date of stay: August 2012,5.0
1785,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1785-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Location+,"I was in London for the occasion of attending my son's MBA graduation -  we were seven in all and have managed through my SPG membership card to obtain rooms on the executive or club  floor which was a very good deal - for starters you have access to the hotel's club-lounge where breakfast is served and late afternoon tea-time service available at no extra cost, including of course some succulent hors-d'oeuvres (try the spring rolls) along with a variety of spirits and wines - evetually its was very convenient to have a cocktail prior to our dinners. the hotels location is second to none really - very central -  the rooms are nicely furnished and the hotel's reception staff as well as the concierge are extremely helpful. this is my fourth stay in this hotel which is reasonably…",Date of stay: September 2011,4.0
1786,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1785-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Location, Location, Location","This is overall a nice hotel with a location which is very convenient to everything in Central London. All of the Whitehall Government offices, many of the famous museums and the busy and diverse neighborhoods of Soho, The West End, Mayfair and the shopping districts of Picadilly and Regent Street are at your door.      Service is however a bit spotty. It required a daily call to the concierge--sometimes more than once--to ensure that my room was serviced before late afternoon or early evening. Also, the concierge dropped the ball on a supper reservation that I had asked them to make and that the concierge confirmed would be taken care of. The reservation was never made, making for rather a lot of inconvenient scrambling on the night in question.",Date of stay: August 2012,3.0
1787,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1785-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",A great location for our Olympic Visit,"we were lucky enough to be able to stay in London for the Opening Ceremony and first 3 days of the Olympics... and our hotel, Le Meridien was excellent.  Great food, a nice room, very clean, staff were polite and the location couldn´t have been better.  We had a standard double room, we really didn´t need anything else.  We could relax in the hotel, enjoy good service, a nice bar, great cocktails and enjoy a quiet night and a really good breakfast in the morning.  Considering that the hotel was full it wasn´t really that noticeable.... that´s how you know you are staying in a well run establishment!!  Would definately go back.",Date of stay: July 2012,4.0
1788,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1785-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Birthday Celebration,"We stayed Friday to Sunday this past weekend at Le Meridien as part of our celebrations for my partner's birthday.  We had stayed here on two previous occasions - one good experience one bad. We were very keen to be centrally located this visit and avoid a lot of Tube journeys - Le Meridien certainly fits the bill on that score.  The first time we stayed here we were upgraded to a Club room. The receptionist did not say so when checking us in and so we assumed that was the general standard of the bedrooms. It was lovely - admittedly small but perfectly formed! We so enjoyed the stay we arranged to stay again a year or so later on our next visit to London. The room on that occasion was in the basement, dark and gloomy and it looked into a central shaft. We complained and were…",Date of stay: August 2012,2.0
1789,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1785-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Best Location and Great Staff!,"We were here throughout the Olympic Games and a week beyond, and I can't imagine staying anywhere else when we're in London again.  We had stayed here rwo years ago, and when we knew we'd be coming for the Olympics, we got busy booking the number of days we needed.    This is a hotel in a grand, old, historic building in the center of one of the busiest spots in London - Piccadilly Circus - so the roons reflect that reality.  What you get is a comfortably furnished and well kept, spotlessly clean room. The housekeeping staff is second to none - prompt, efficient, genuinely friendly.  Turndown service was offered to us each evening. The rooms may or may not have a view of consequence (ours didn't).  The fact is, the view is not why you stay here. This hotel has the best location…",Date of stay: August 2012,4.0
1790,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1790-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Fabulous,"All the staff were very attentive and helpful, the rooms were really comfortable we had the best nights sleep it was in a  really super location central to everywhere we needed to be, and the Gym was fantastic,  I would recommend to everyone",Date of stay: August 2012,5.0
1791,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1790-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Good staff but rooms average for the price,"The best thing about the Meridien in Piccadilly is the fact that it's right in the centre of London only minutes from theatres, shops and loads of restaurants. The worst thing is that because Regent Street is on one side and Piccadilly is on the other it's very noisy. Our bedroom had Double  glazed windows but done a long time ago and very inefficient. Hearing buses at 6.30 am is a bit annoying. The air con made a  rumbling/clattering noise and we couldnt keep it on overnight on the hottest day of the year (18th Aug). That all makes us sound as if we expect a London hotel to be out in the quiet countryside, we don't ! On the plus side the staff were good,it has a nice bar and the breakfast buffet is excellent. Disappointing room size for £300plus VAT",Date of stay: August 2012,3.0
1792,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1790-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Beautiful hotel in a great location,"We recently spent 5 days at the LeMeriden hotel in Picadilly Circus.  Large rooms and very clean.  Great buffet breakfast.  Walking distance to many areas. Safe area with a lot to do. We walked to covent Gardens, Trvalgar Square, National musuem.  close to the tube as well.",Date of stay: August 2012,5.0
1793,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1790-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Hidden in the attic,"I admit that I was overjoyed to get a room in such a centrally located hotel during the Olympics. The room was on the ninth floor, reminiscent of where the servants were lodged before elevators were invented. The room was fine, nothing exceptional. We had an excellent view of the roof. Overall the hotel was just very ordinary. The staff was polite but we didn't have much interaction with them. The best part about the hotel is the location. Very close to many attractions and the theatre district. I wouldn't go out of my way to stay here again but I really can't single out anything really bad about the hotel.",Date of stay: August 2012,3.0
1794,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1790-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Feels like second class tourist hotel,Two night business stay. This hotel appears to be pretty well run and I had good interactions with the hotel staff who seemed competent but not overly engaging. I had a very small room with very old furniture with exceptionally uneven creaky floor boards under the carpet that felt like they would pop through the carpet at any moment. Bathroom was clean but again very old fixtures. It was an OK stay because all I did was sleep here and I receieved a good rate through Hotwire. Next time I will pay up and get a decent room at a better hotel in Mayfair.,Date of stay: May 2012,3.0
1795,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1795-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great hotel but a bit noisy.,"We had five nights booked here but decided to stay another night. We had to switch rooms on the last night which was fine as we decided last minute. The first room we had was great, nice and spacious, very clean, the floors were very creaky, I felt sorry for the people below us every time I walked around. The second room we had was nice too but the noise first thing in the morning was absolutely ridiculous. I've never heard so much banging in my life. It was almost as if someone was deliberately trying to make as much noise as they could. Even with ear plugs I could not sleep in. That was one of the only negatives. The other negative is that some of the staff came across a bit rude to us, but certain other staff members were very helpful. Everything else was great. The gym was…",Date of stay: August 2012,4.0
1796,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1795-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Nice location,"On first arrival, the bell staff was pleasant and helpful.  The front desk staff followed the trend.  The building is older.  The hotel could use a little refreshing.  The hotel was clean.  Location was good and access to The Tube was easy. Contacted the hotel via email prior to my arrival for a request.  A response was immediate and the request followed without incident upon my arrival.  I was happy with their customer service.  Room service was rapid and actually decent.  Would use this hotel again.",Date of stay: July 2012,4.0
1797,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1795-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great location,"We stayed here for 4 nights while we went to Olympic events. We had so much fun at the Olympics, so it probably didn't matter too much where we stayed, but Le Meridien certainly was a good choice for us. The location is right in the middle of Piccadilly and steps away from great shopping and the tube.  Our room had been renovated and was bigger than we expected and very clean. What was unexpectedly nice is that it was very quiet!   I used the gym a few times and was impressed with how much equipment they had.  Didn't use the pool, but it looked nice.  The breakfast restaurant is very nice and overlooks the street and beautiful buildings. Everyone was helpful and we would stay again, but I wouldn't pick our 9th floor interior room again because our view was only of the air ducts…",Date of stay: August 2012,4.0
1798,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1795-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great hotel great location,"This is an excellent hotel in a great Location a block from Piccadilly Circus.  Friendly staff, nice rooms, and excellent cafe.  The meeting rooms were attractive and large. It was a joy to stay here...I don't want to go home.",Date of stay: August 2012,5.0
1799,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1795-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Average,Stayed recently and thought it was just average - are better hotels in the vicinity for the same price. The bedroom was quite big and the bed comfy but the bathroom was tired and in need of sprucing up. The pool area was nice but can't really be described as a spa - didn't have that spa feel. The pool was also far too cold. Breakfast was also pretty disappointing.,Date of stay: August 2012,3.0
1800,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1800-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Top end rates gets you  top class service,"We spent a wonderful weekend at this hotel to celebrate my wifes birthday .It was the week before the Olympics started and the hotel and city certainly where prepared for the huge two weeks ahead .From the moement we walked throught he door to the moment we left we received 5 star treatment and accomodation, simply an outstanding place to stay. The staff where the best I have ever encountered from the reception to the conceirge to the waiter top class each and everyone .The breakfast is delivered to your room at a time of your choice and it duly arrived on time and was amazing .The staff and the rooms are the star of the show but I must say the location was amazing .I could not recommend a better place to stay . I recently returned from the Aria resort Las Vegas but the Le…",Date of stay: July 2012,5.0
1801,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1800-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Not great,"Stayed here in March while on business.  The room was nice and large (I upgraded to club level), but the service fell short.  From the beginning I had issues checking in (long wait though only two of us in line) and then  they lost my dry-cleaning and argued with me about it which was quite frustrating.  I was told to go check my room again for the laundry, which I did (it still wasn't there) and the acted like I must have lost it.  Finally, as I was getting into a taxi after checking out, they rushed out with the laundry explaining that they had misplaced it.  Overall it's a decent hotel, but not what I would have expected from a Le Meridien, especially given the price.  Also, the ""club level"" breakfast was very weak.  I won't be staying here again.",Date of stay: March 2012,3.0
1802,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1800-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Tired,"We booked through Lastminute.com on their secret hotels section and ended up with a pretty terrible room.  The fixtures and fittings were old and in need of an update, nothing about the hotel showed it to be a modern five star.  In this part of London there are so many other places to go that will offer you better value so even it's great location doesn't save it.  Desperately needs an update.",Date of stay: September 2011,2.0
1803,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1800-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great Room & Great Service,Myself and my partner stayed at this hotel during the opening weekend of the Olympics which we were visiting. We had a beautiful room that had everything you could possibly want. Perhaps the decor was a litlle old fashioned but this is London.. and in my opinion it ouzed class and elegance The service was first class and the staff very helpful.   If you get the chance to stay here - check out the fantastic underground pool.,Date of stay: July 2012,5.0
1804,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1800-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great rooms and horrible rooms.,"I've stayed in this hotel plenty of times, and the experience is really all over the map.  PROS: - Convenient location to everything in Central London - The suites (if you get upgraded) are some of the best - Great executive club for snacks/drinks/appetizers/breakfast  CONS: - Room quality varies, I've had some horribly small, closed off rooms here - Bathrooms feel old and in need of renovation - They have *never* had a room available at ~9a when you land from New York",Date of stay: July 2012,4.0
1805,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1805-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Unbeatable Location,"If you are planning for your maiden visit to London, this is should be your hotel of choice if your budget is not an issue. Centrally and conveniently located directly above the Piccadilly Circus subway station you can get everywhere around in London at an instant. Furthermore the hotel is a stone throw from Regent and Oxford Street where shopping and food is abundant. For shopaholics  the hotel is a short stroll from Mayfair and Convent Garden where you can find the best shopping.  The only issue with MOST hotels in London, the check-in time is after 2pm and being an SPG Gold member I can request for an earlier check in around 11am. It's wise to book a room with the club lounge facilities where they serve a decent continental breakfast from 6.30am - 10.00am which is worth the…",Date of stay: July 2012,4.0
1806,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1805-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent choice for families with kids,"One of the very few hotels in the city thatvallownkids to stay with parents in the same room. We got a great, big suite with 2 queen beds and spacious seating area. The hotel is super convenient with being a 1 minute walk to the tube and a 15 minute walk to many attractions like the Buckingham Palace, Covent garden etc.   If you stay here, don't eat at the hotel. The food is terrible! I had the worst French onion soup of my life at their main restaurant; the food in the club lounge is also below average.",Date of stay: June 2012,4.0
1807,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1805-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great Room,"Stayed here for one night at the start of the 2012 games, the hotel was extremely busy but coped really well with such a diverse group of guests. The room (deluxe) was superb, every facility was to hand, bed was extremely comfortable with great linen. Bathroom good, toiletries were pretty avaerage though. Breakfast buffet was a mixed experience, the continental offer was absolutely fantastic with lots of choice, the cooked offer was wel, well past it's best at 9.30am. Would stay again",Date of stay: July 2012,4.0
1808,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1805-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","If you can get a discount, then try it","This is a premium hotel; luxurious, top drawer stuff. Lots of security and moneyed tourists (unlike the writer). Losing the reservation was the website's fault, but that made for a slow and inauspicious start to the experience (no apology for long wait).    As we did not try all the facilities, I cannot rate them, but I fancy they will be, er, fancy.  We did like our room; small but adequately stocked and furnished as you would expect. The bathroom was okay although the gels/soaps were bargain basement stuff. One bathrobe between two seemed odd too!    The Incognito Bar was a late night destination for us (11-zzzzz) and there was a fine selection of spirits at prices you would expect your averagely financed Oligarch to raise his monobrow at. The atmosphere was meant to be…",Date of stay: July 2012,3.0
1809,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1805-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Definitely Lipstick on The Pig,"I have to agree with one of the previous reviewer, that this is the worst hotel I stayed during my vacation in Europe. I bought the deal from Hotwire and it was rated as 4.5* hotel which is completely misleading.   This hotel has a good location for tourist but it is not a 5 star hotel. The staffs are rude despite the fact that they are trainees and don't even speak proper English. When my husband asked for direction, they struggle and yet is not apologetic at all.   When we asked for possibility of late check out, the duty manager simply told us, ""Sorry, we're full. It's Wimbledon season"". Duh, is that the Meridien way of saying, Welcome to London ?  The room is very old and basic. The bathroom hardware is so old it does not even function properly. The toiletries are of low…",Date of stay: June 2012,1.0
1810,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1810-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Location Location Location,"This hotel is all about the location. It is definitely not 5 star. The rooms are clean and the bathrooms are ok, but old plumbing. The bed was comfortable.. The staff seemed like they had attitude and weren't overly friendly at all, but it seems like this hotel is a bit like a train station as they churn through so many customers. I would stay here again purely because it is not too expensive and the location is perfect.",Date of stay: June 2012,3.0
1811,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1810-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Unbeatable location and comfortable accommodations,"Just completed a six night stay at the Meridien Piccadilly and was pleased with the hotel.  Yes, some of the staff could be a little warmer and friendlier, and yes, the hotel is older. On the other hand, our room was spacious (by European standards), the beds were comfortable and the location was hard to beat.  We checked in quickly and easily and the front desk staff was always very receptive and accommodating.  Any special requests were always greeted with a smile, and they were very hospitable.  Unfortunately, the concierge and door men didn't share this same consistency, although it wasn't an issue.  Our room was always clean and the housekeeping staff did a fantastic job.  We attempted to use the restaurant once--the Terrace--but were informed it was booked for a special…",Date of stay: July 2012,4.0
1812,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1810-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Great Location, Pretty Good Hotel.",I stayed at this hotel for multiple nights with SPG status.     Pros:  -  Great check-in staff very friendly.    -  The hotel allowed for me to check-in at 9AM.  This was really appreciated given that I was coming off a long flight.  -  Great location for exploring London.  I'm not sure that location wise that this hotel can be beat.     Cons:  -  The walls are pretty thin.  The couple in the next room were having an argument in Russian which was not very pleasant. -  Lady at the SPG desk was very rude.,Date of stay: April 2012,4.0
1813,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1810-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",staff needs to loose the attitude,"asked for dinner reservation, No Name of restaurant on address. Asked for a newspaper, as a Gold and was asked to hand over $3.   Asked for the gym and was told tough luck not open until the middle of the morning and a work out before work is out of the question.",Date of stay: July 2012,3.0
1814,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1810-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",The location makes up for minor things and the bar is great!,"I booked a room on a last minute discounted rate so my stay was fabulous value.  The room was adequate in size and at the back of the building so very quiet although you could look right into the office building behind it and presumably the same applied vice versa although net curtains were supplied.  It was as far away from the lift as you could get so no passing noisy people so perfect.  The furnishings and bathroom were a little old fashioned but the bed linen and red armchairs made up for that so the overall impression on the room was good.  I particularly liked the black and white prints of London above the bed.  I was a bit skeptical about the shower over the bath but actually, it was a great shower with lots of power.  The toiletries were of good quality.  The main…",Date of stay: July 2012,4.0
1815,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1815-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Definetely not 5 star,"The room at the 8th floor looking at Picadilly Str was a great dissapointment. It was small, we could hear the water running at other rooms's barhrooms, we could see under the door the lights on the hall , could hear other customers talking on their way to their rooms. The water on barhroom ' s taps not enough.We slept for one night and informed the reception that we were not satisfied by the room. The alternatives offered were as bad.Although we are Spg gold members we left for another hotel.The spot is great but the hotel should be renovated immediately.",Date of stay: July 2012,2.0
1816,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1815-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Room 227,"I have just arrived back in Australia from a month long European Vacation with my wife. We are Amex Platinum members and paid for a single night accommodation at the end of our holiday by Amex. We were allocated room 227, which we believe must be a converted store cupboard with a window onto the lift shaft but incapable of being opened. Therefore the air con had to be on at all times when it was only 16 c outside, no fresh air, and the aircon was very loud, complaints were answered by very very busy. Both my wife and I were also suffering from the flu so needed to spend the time in the room not sight seeing. We paid full rack rate well over 500 AUD and instead of a possible Amex upgrade we consider we were downgraded to the converted store room. Beware room 227 your complaints…",Date of stay: June 2012,2.0
1817,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1815-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Old but nice,"The location of the hotel is excellent. There's tons of stuff nearby. It's also almost right on top of the Piccadilly tube station. I had to bounce hotels on this trip and Le Meridien had easily the best service. The lobby was nice and modern but the rooms are still old. There's nothing wrong with the rooms, just don't expect a new modern renovation.",Date of stay: July 2012,4.0
1818,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1815-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great location and service,Just stayed there for 3 nights. The room was modest sized . The bathroom was kinda small and had to stand in the tub to shower. But overall the room seem clean and comfortable. The bed was good and was covered in nice linens. Slept well. Service was very good and anytime we made a request the response was very timely. Paid 25 pounds extra for the club. Was a pretty good deal since it included a typical continental breakfast for both of us plus a big bonus free wi-fi for the entire stay. I think overall it is a good deal in an expensive city,Date of stay: July 2012,4.0
1819,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1815-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Good hotel - excellent location,"The hotel has most things one would ask for from a business as well as a family  - reasonable sized rooms (particularly given Central London), a lovely indoor pool and located right next to Piccadilly Circus (just a walk away from Covent Garden). Above all it is reasonably priced for all of the above.  We visited this hotel on two occasions over a two-week period along with the family (my wife and seven-year-old daughter), We were very happy with the maintenance of the hotel and the rooms. The only challenge is that if one comes slightly earlier than the check-in time (3 pm) - one will not get a room. In our case we only got the room at 4 pm. Luckily (for the hotel) it is so well located that we went out for a stroll and didn't mind the delay.",Date of stay: June 2012,4.0
1820,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1820-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, nothing really wrong","As in the other reviews: very central en next to the tube. Just perfect for visiting London.  Correct breakfast Decent gym and a pool. Most of the staff very friendly and helpfull Some flaws in organisation (cleaning rooms late afternoon, no turn down service, doors and windows not sound proof, ...)  Rooms (at least my room) not really up to standard 5* and price tag.  So nothing wrong,will stay here again, but somehow the real passion from the hotelier is missing. Then again this is a chain and the hotel is probably not the main reason to come to London.",Date of stay: June 2012,4.0
1821,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1820-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Good hotel in a great location,"Le Meridien Piccadilly is in the perfect location for sightseeing round London.  It is easy to walk to most of the sites and shopping areas from here and is very close to the tube station.  The room we stayed in was quite small compared to other 5* hotels we have stayed in but the location made up for this. The bed was very comfortable and we didn't experience any room noise. Breakfast was included in our rate and was very good.  The pool was excellent.  We found the staff on the front desk very welcoming, friendly and approachable. Overall we enjoyed our stay at the Meridien.",Date of stay: June 2012,4.0
1822,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1820-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent stay at Le Meridien Piccadilly,"Stayed 2 nights at this hotel and we were totally impressed.  The front desk staff was excellent and the manager rushed to check us in after noticing we had waited about 1 minute.  Although we are platinum the property was full so we were unable to be upgraded from the junior suite we had booked.  No problem - the suite was huge, very quiet and easily accommodated our family of four.  We loved the great (complimentary) breakfast in the dining room on the 2d floor and the club lounge where we had terrific snacks.  Great concierge desk, great location - walked everywhere.  On our last night we walked to the show Singing in the Rain (fabulous) and then to dinner in Soho at Yauatcha (excellent dim sum and upscale chinese) - and then back to hotel.  All within about 6 minutes. …",Date of stay: June 2012,5.0
1823,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1820-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, but that's all that is great here!","Great Location, rooms are not too small like at a lot of London hotels.  Staff can be quite pretentious. On check-in we were made to feel inferior because we had got a favourable rate on booking.com. For this reason we decided not to spend a penny in the hotel, and instead ate out for breakfast and dinner.  Room not up to 5 star standard. Mirror damaged. Smell of sewage every morning in the room, I think it came from the drains in the bathroom. This is not 5 star luxury, it's perhaps basic 5 star.  Generally poor value for money, it just doesn't feel like what you would expect from a 5 star hotel.  If you want a luxury hotel, go elsewhere!",Date of stay: June 2012,3.0
1824,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1820-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",In need of a little TLC but great location,"We decided on Le Meridien as the location was where we wanted to be for our short 4 day stay in London even though we had read some of the other Trip Advisor reviews that were not that great.  Our stay here was a good one for the most part, but there were some down sides to the hotel that should be thought of.  The location of the hotel was perfect for shopping in the Regent Street area, going to the theatre (as the Theatre District is a short walk from the hotel) shopping at Fortnum & Mason (or have afternoon tea there in their newly remodled Tea Room).  The area the hotel is in is a busy one but when you get inside the lobby of the hotel, you don't notice that very much.   We booked a room with 2 queen beds which was really a good size room for London Standards.  It was on the…",Date of stay: June 2012,4.0
1825,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1825-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great Location-- Perfect for London Theatre,"Our favorite place to stay in the Theatre District!  (Matilda was fabulous!)  Great reception and assistance from doormen, desk allowed early check-in and upgraded us to a very generous ""family"" room with two king beds.  Very comfortable and clean.    We took advantage of the Terrace Restaurant on site and found the tomato bisque and sole to be surprisingly great for hotel cuisine.  We walked everywhere -- Ice House, Royal Museum, Trafalgar, Leicester  and to the theatre.  The only difficulty experienced during the stay was with the nuisance of the electronic key card which needed to be replaced the second day.  Keep them away from your cell phones and all should be fine!",Date of stay: June 2012,4.0
1826,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1825-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Beautiful Hotel Perfect Location London 11/ 2010,"Location: Perfect for the tube, taxi, and buses.  Walking distance to a lot of places we wanted to see.  Rooms: We had 2 adjoining rooms on one of the top floors.   It was like looking out over the rooftops of London.   The beds were so comfortable, the bathrooms were very large and had great water pressure.    The Rooms were large and had a cozy feel.  The Pool:   Probably one of the best pools I have ever been to.     It was like something out of a movie.    We were traveling kids and when we do we always like to make sure there is a pool so we can burn off energy if we have been in museums all day.    I find a pool also helps with jet lag.  The location was so great we would go get coffee in the morning.   Spend most of the day enjoying London, then back to the pool for a…",Date of stay: November 2011,5.0
1827,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1825-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",If it wasn't for the location I would have rated it a one,"First let me say the location of this hotel is beyond perfect.  It is less than a half of a block from the tube station, within walking distance of the British Museum, Trafalgar Square, and Leicester Square.  I would have to say that the location outweighs any negative thing I am about to say which is why we stayed.  The moment we got the we stood in line with one person in front of us while another half dozen front desk employees just stared at us.  Finally after about 5 minutes of standing there and feeling like I missed an important piece of information someone finally offer to help us.  We had added another night to our stay through the travel agency, but they had booked it under an entirely new reservation.  When I explained that, the man told us it was fine and that the…",Date of stay: December 2011,3.0
1828,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1825-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great Location,"Stayed here in a deluxe room for 4 nights. Check-in process was smooth and staff friendly amd courteous. The room was very spacious and clean. The bathroom was quite large and despite the room being right across from the lifts, it was still fairly quiet. The bed was comfortable and room cooling perfect.  The gym is well equipped and the largest I've seen in a hotel. The location of the hotel is perfect for getting to all the main tourist attractions and the picadilly line is just round the corner. I think this hotel is good value for money and would stay again.",Date of stay: September 2011,4.0
1829,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1825-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great location,"Enjoyed a four night break here for the jubilee holiday! Opted for a club room which was very spacious, bathroom on the small size but clean and well stocked.  Club breakfast was adequate if you like a continental diet. Evening drinks and canapés also very good! Staff were exceptional, friendly and courteous from check-in to check-out!!!  Only negative was getting confused in the lift system going up and down to different floors but prob my own fault as got into wrong lift without the club mezzanine floor stop!!! Location was excellent for most of Lindons attractions! The added bonus was seeing Prince Charles and his missus at the jubilee street party right on the hotel doorstep!!! Would I stay again?   YES!",Date of stay: June 2012,3.0
1830,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1830-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",JUST PERFECT!!!,"After reading the reviews of this hotel at TA I was a little worried but THANKS GOD I CHOOSE IT for my stay in London. Room number 806, with view ro the London Eye and a champagne bottle as welcome! Make sure you ask for CLUB ROOM, with particular priviledges like private breakfast room and swimming pool. King size bed, sooo confortable that we had difficult to wake up lol. Top location, I am sure the best in London, you can simply go to the main attractions walking or get a subway ( tube ) which is like 50m of the Hotel. Perfect in a word. SPECIAL THANKS TO WAGNER SILVA ( reservation) and to Van der Meer ( front desk) who helped me a LOT with everything I needed. ",None,5.0
1831,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1830-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",One employee can make such a difference,"We stayed for 5 nights on this visit to London. The hotel has some fine attributes, including very friendly lobby service. However what made it fr us was Bastieen who works t the front desk. His thoughtful caring service was a joy and he should be commended and prompted - he epitomizes what service means.",Date of stay: June 2012,5.0
1832,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1830-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Fantastic Hotel - The Very Best Location,"We stayed here for 3 nights at the end of May 2012.  The hotel staff were brilliant - they only had a twin room ready when we arrived but we said we wanted 1 bed not 2 and got upgraded to a bigger room without quibble.  The room was clean, relaxing, quiet and we could not have asked to be in a better place to walk around London.  What a City.  So much to see and do and the hotel was in the very best place possible.  Definately recommend and would return without hesitation.",Date of stay: May 2012,5.0
1833,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1830-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",FABULOUS LOCATION,"We spent eight wonderful days at this hotel in May 2012.The hotel is a stone's throw away from Piccadilly Circus and Regent Street and walking distance from St James Park, Buckingham Palace, Leicester Square, Trafalgar Square, the Theatres etc. We couldn't have asked for a better location. Since the weather was great, we walked EVERYWHERE. Besides the location, what works for the hotel are its rooms and service. Our room was spacious with a large bathroom. It was cleaned regularly. There was attention to details. Complimentary water bottles and cookies were placed in the room daily. They have a lovely terrace restaurant and the breakfast served there is a feast!! The concierge desk was very helpful with directions and booking tours for us.",Date of stay: May 2012,5.0
1834,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1830-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Wonderful hotel...,"A beautiful hotel right in the center of things..., guest room large and nicely furnished. The staff was without exception helpful and very friendly. A special thanks to the concierge, he had many great suggestions regarding sight seeing, he also was very helpful re train travel to Birmingham. Room service and special requests to housekeeping were extremely fast. I would absolutely stay here again.. Room rates were reasonable as well. A+ to the Le Meridian!",Date of stay: May 2012,5.0
1835,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1835-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Perfect location and hotel for a weekend trip!,My mom and I decided to spend a weekend in London for shopping and musicals.  This hotel is ideally located and the grounds are very clean and staff is very friendly.  We were able to see loads of sights and get shopping done without having to worry about travelling to far out or back to the hotel.    Can recommend staying here!,Date of stay: February 2012,5.0
1836,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1835-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Great stay, Great location","Excellent location if you're visiting London.  Picadilly Circus just a 2 minute walk, and everything within 10 minutes; Trafalgar, Buckingham Palace, Selfridges and shopping.  Hotel staff was very friendly, the room we had was excellent, and the breakfast was well done.  A bar on premise open late was very handy for a late night drink after a day and night in London.  Definitely will stay again.",Date of stay: May 2012,5.0
1837,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1835-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",great stay in a top hotel with a perfect location,"Had the pleasure of staying with family in teh London Meridien Hotel. What a great hotel. Top location, could not be better. Very friendly and helpfull staff. Though the hotel was fully booked we where able to get connecting rooms, which is definitely a plus when you have kids. Had 2 breakfasts, very nice buffet, original stuff. Had also a diner, high quality.",Date of stay: May 2012,5.0
1838,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1835-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Still lipstick on a pig,"Hotwire sold this as a 4.5 star hotel.  I paid $425 a night, and it is just as bad as 2 years ago when i last stayed here.   Le Meridien is certainly not a 4.5 star hotel. Oh it looks nice, but it is only lipstick on a pig.    The infrastructure is ancient, the staff are lazy and is a terrible place to stay.   They insisted that i booked a room with single beds.  And that is what i got.  They offered the possibility of a double bedded room, but not for several hours, which would be 6 pm on the day i checked in.    The tub wouldnt drain, so the engineer told me o simply pull the broken plug out of the drain,instead of repairing it.  I insisted that he properly repair it.   There were no visible working outlets to plug any charger into, as a result , my phone is marginally…",Date of stay: May 2012,2.0
1839,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1835-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Fantastic Stay,"Stayed here for three nights, every aspect was really good, the most painstaking check in I have ever had, friendly yet ultra professional. Rooms were immaculate, I saw other reviews about the lift and room key cards, an excellent feature and no problems whatsoever, you just need to a wee bit of intelligence. Restaurant was fantastic both for dinner and breakfast. Concierge really knowledgable, ask about the passes to both the Tate museums. Centrally located walking distance of major attractions and some theatres easy acess to tube and bus routes. Would highly reccomend this Hotel to anyone. Spa and fitness areas were exceptional Great experience all round",Date of stay: May 2012,5.0
1840,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1840-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Expensive, but ok hotel, but not a 5 star.","I stayed here for two nights. Initially I had a room adjacent of the elevators, but this is too noisy for me. So asked for a more quiet room. Rooms are always small in London even for a deluxe room also in this hotel. Nice and spacious breakfast area. Excellent central location of hotel.",Date of stay: May 2012,4.0
1841,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1840-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",The Perfect Location,My travel agent recommended this hotel because of its location and it did not disappoint.  Our room size was average for a city hotel and was comfortable.  The breakfast buffet was a perfect way to start our day.  The best feature of this hotel is the location.  It is in the heart of the city and within a short walking distance to everything.   The only negative is that internet is rather expensive.   We enjoyed our stay and will stay here again when next we visit London.,Date of stay: May 2012,4.0
1842,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1840-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",A hotel with its' Ups and Downs!,"We booked 2 double rooms for a one night stay (Saturday) to celebrate our wedding anniversary with a couple of friends. We chose this hotel because of its' wonderful location in the heart of the West End and with two males with dodgy knees, it seemed the most sensible option.  There was a lot of confusion at the reception desk and it wasn't made clear exactly where we needed to go. We had to hang around for quite some time but eventually we were greeted and as our rooms were not ready we dropped our bags and headed straight off to the theatre. When we returned we encountered our first lift trauma and this is the only part of the stay which really had us all gritting our teeth.  Your room card also doubles as the lift pass - put the card in, press the floor you wish to go to and…",Date of stay: March 2012,4.0
1843,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1840-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",A lovely hotel in the best location,"I chose the hotel because of its' Location. I'll return because It's the best experience I've had with a London hotel. From check-in to check-out it was great: We were there to celebrate my mothers' birthday (which I mentioned while booking). Our room was upgraded, and was clean, quiet and very spacious (especially for a room in central London). The bed was a dream – so comfortable I wish I had one like that at home.  The hotel staff was wonderful, very attentive and quick to respond to any request we made.   And the complimentary wine and chocolate on my mother's birthday were a lovely surprise.  The only disappointment was the Terrace Restaurant – expensive and not worth it. You can get much better outside",Date of stay: March 2012,5.0
1844,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1840-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Ridiculous to call this a luxury hotel!,"Rooms mediocre, bathrooms poor, view from the bedroom window was a brick wall! Prices ludicrous in the bar, £13.00 for a single vodka and splash of coke??? I mean how can you justify those prices? Have stayed in some wonderful hotels across the world, including plenty of Starwood REAL luxury hotels! Disappointed to say this least,and would never recommend this hotel! ",Date of stay: April 2012,3.0
1845,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1845-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Very nice hotel, best location in town","Very nice place, beautifully decorated rooms, very good service, excellent security. I liked very much the fact that  you need to use your room key card for the main entrance to enter the hotel. In addition, i liked very much the restaurant at the top of the hotel, overlooking Picadilly. Although, the best of all, is location. Only a couple of steps away from the Piccadilly circus subway, very convenient for Heathrow airport, because you do not need to change train and for London sightseeing . Very close to Soho, Trafalgar square, Leicester square and Chinatown, very close to the Royal Academy of Arts and Green Park, Theaterland and  trocadero, and only a short walk away from the Hyde Park or Oxford street, Bond street and New bond street. The hotel is in the hard of the city…",Date of stay: December 2011,5.0
1846,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1845-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",SPG Reward Night,"I stayed for an SPG reward night, I was upgraded to suite and had planned to stay with just my wife, the kids were joining us for the day and would be going home with the grandparents. The lovely check staff said that the kids could stay as well just let them know and they would make up the sofa bed. which we though was great. As a platinum SPG we had access to the club lounge, free alcohol & food for a couple of hours each night. The kids asked to stay after our day out in London so when I returned to reception a different receptionist informed me that they would be charging £50.00 each for the kids, I explained that the other guy had offered this for free but she would not budge, the grandparents had now gone home so we had no choice. This did really pi55 me off but i was not…",Date of stay: January 2012,4.0
1847,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1845-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",The best location in London,"I stayed 4 days in this hotel.. I had tried previously 4 other hotels in different locations in London.. This one by far was my best hotel experience in London ! it is right in the heart of Picadelli Cisrcus ! within a short walking distance of everything-  Picadelli Circus and Regent street (30 seconds away) , Oxford circus (7-10 minutes walk) - Covent Garden where most of the musicals are (15 minutes walk) - Bond street (5 minutes walk), Picadelli Circus tube station (30 seconds away).. Rooms are quite spacious for a hotel in Europe..They were clean, comfortable and cozy.. Bathroom was also convenient..Not one of those too tiny bathrooms and the shower was great..  The only drawback was that staff was not very friendly.. However in such a location you wouldn't really spend…",Date of stay: April 2012,5.0
1848,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1845-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",New and Improved,"I've stayed at Le Meridien Piccadilly a number of times 10 years.  It is one of the few hotels near the area I need to be that has an in-house gym.  The rooms were getting a little old.  Prior to the recent stay, it has been 3 years since I've been there.  The rooms have been updated from the furnitures to the TV and it much more modern now.  The service staff is extraordinary and they will go out of their way to service you and make sure your stay is a pleasant one.   The hotel is also very central to many major tourist attractions and great dining establishments.  There are also at least 2 tube lines (Piccadilly Circus and Green Park) very near by.  This is one place I'd recommend to both business and pleasure travellers.",Date of stay: February 2012,4.0
1849,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1845-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Most reliable stay in London for me,"I have stayed all over London in the past, in small rooms, large rooms, old buildings, brand-new buildings, and in all different neighborhoods. (usually trying to stay in a fair budget) But I have now settled on Le Meridien Piccadilly as my standard. Part of why I love it so much is the central location (just a block from the Piccadilly tube station, which allows easy commuting almost anywhere, including Heathrow!). And part of it is the staff, who is always very pleasant and efficient.   But most of it is the rooms. In the 6 times I have stayed here, my rooms have always been updated, with newer linens and furniture. A good bathroom with the Heavenly Shower heads. And of decent size - especially for central London.  The bar and the restaurant (and room service) are pretty…",Date of stay: March 2012,4.0
1850,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1850-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Amazing location, cramped quarters","This hotel is in the best possible location we could ask for.  I stayed for business so just for an evening, but I was able to be close to so many sites that I could make a bit of an experience out of it.  The room was very small, but I suppose this is what  you would expect of London.  Since we stayed in the winter, the rooms were very hot!  I had to actually open the windows because I couldn't get to sleep.  Breakfast was delicious and fresh.  The only complaint I have is the cost of using internet! You would think for a hotel of this standard it would be included but this is typical of starwood hotels.",Date of stay: May 2011,4.0
1851,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1850-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Best location for everything,"You can't put yourself closer to the action.  The Le Meridien is expensive but has excellent service and an outstanding location.  It is steps from the Piccadilly Tube stop and just a short-medium walk to Buckingham and the rest of West End.  You are on Regent Street or in Soho in 2 minutes walk, and are surrounded by great restaurants to try.  SPG members get free breakfast in the club lounge or the Terrace restaurant!",Date of stay: March 2012,5.0
1852,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1850-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Almost perfect,"First off, you can't beat this location - you're right in the middle of everything you want to see if you're a here on a leisure trip.  Walk to Buckingham Palace, St. James Park, Bond Street, Savile Row, Regent Street, the West End, Trafalgar Square - it's truly beautifully situated.  How lovely, too, that the Royal Academy of the Arts is a block away - they are sure to have an exhibit worth seeing.   The rooms are spacious and the beds are luxuriously comfortable.  Powerful wifi connection and a nice selection of films to choose from for those nights you choose to stay in.  As a Starwood Preferred Gold member, we were treated to a really lovely plate of chocolates and a bottle of wine - a very nice way to start our stay.  We didn't have much of a view, but our room was bright…",Date of stay: April 2012,5.0
1853,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1850-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent Service,"I stayed with my family in early April 2012.   The hotel's location is excellent.  The rooms are very nice.  The gym is very good and the pool is amazing.  I had a little problem that I left my passports in the room's safe and only realised on my way back to the airport.  I called the front desk and Juan helped immediately, getting the passports and sending them on a taxi to the airport.  Excellent service.",Date of stay: April 2012,4.0
1854,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1850-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Fantastic location, helpful staff","This hotel is tops for location - right on Picadilly with easy tube access and great for walking to Leicester Square, Soho, Oxford Street.  The door staff are very welcoming and the lobby is comfortable.  We were travelling with 2 kids and they are quite helpful and kind to the kids.  Our room was on a club floor to accomodate a crib and a pull out bed.  The room was spacious, even by US standards!, and well appointed.  We had an electric kettle and minibar.  There was a good sized closet but not much in the way of drawers.  The room was a little darker than I would have liked, but again for a European hotel it was fine.  We liked the art on the walls.  Our room faced the back and was very quiet.  We had no issues with the wifi - up to 3 devices could work on the account.  We…",Date of stay: April 2012,4.0
1855,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1855-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",BUYER BEWARE!,"I have an upcoming stay scheduled at LMP in July 2012 that was made in January 2012 on spg.com.  I inadvertently used the wrong dates in entering the numbers and they REFUSE to modify the reservation to allow me to arrive three days earlier for the same amount of days.  I have gone through SPG, the direct hotel staff and management and even my Starwood Am/Ex card and they will not budge.  JUST PLEASE BE VERY CAREFUL when booking a pre-paid room at this hotel as they are not willing to work with travelers for customer satisfaction.  I had even offered to pay the difference for the date change as we are visiting from the States and this mistake will cause us to have to cut our trip short on the other end.  I am very disappointed with the customer service and will certainly post my…",Date of stay: January 2012,3.0
1856,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1855-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Brilliant,"Fantastic location less than 1 min walk from the Piccadilly tube station, happy efficient staff. Will use again.",Date of stay: April 2012,5.0
1857,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1855-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Location is perfect for West End lovers,I chose to stay here simply because I could walk to West End musical. I stayed 2 nights and room was at the end of the corner but instead quite quiet and comfortable.  Breakfast was nice and I really love it. Room rate was moderate for this type of hotel and I am pleased with their treatment and hospitality through my stay. I would like to stay here again for my next holiday in London.,Date of stay: July 2011,4.0
1858,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1855-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Could be pricey... but you get what you pay for,"I stayed with a relative at Le Meridien with a relative in one of their Classic Twin rooms due to it being part of a competition prize.  As a result, I can only speak of this experience in this context.  The room we stayed in was, in my mind, the best hotel room that I have stayed in... full stop.  It was clean and relaxing to stay in with a comfortable bed, well appointed bathroom and, apologies, if I seem like a couch potato, a television built into the wall.  Breakfast was fantastic - well cooked and plenty of it.  Again, it was part of our prize package, but when I saw the price, I did blanche a bit until I saw how much of it there was, both in the amount and range of food, and the quality of the food which was substantially better than what I am normally used to in my hotel…",Date of stay: April 2012,5.0
1859,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1855-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Easy access to all the best parts of London,"I stayed here last week and it was great.  The location is perfect it's right in the middle of all that is interesting in London, with easy access to the ""Tube"" that takes you everywhere you can't walk.  The staff were really friendly and full of good advice, the rooms were really clean and nice, and the breakfast was really varied.  A good place to stay!",Date of stay: April 2012,5.0
1860,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1860-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Great rooms, service and location!","We chose the hotel because of the location which is great for both shopping and theatres, but after arrival we found the rooms were great and the service was great. The only disadvantage we found with the hotel was that we had to pay for internet in our rooms.",Date of stay: April 2012,5.0
1861,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1860-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great location,I loved the location of the hotel. It's walking distance from main Picadilly area and it is very close to a Tube stop. I highly recommend it!,Date of stay: March 2012,5.0
1862,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1860-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Solid  business hotel,I stayed one night on a business trip. Check in was quick and easy and the lobby was quiet and nicely decorated. The location was also very good right in Piccadilly.   I thought the room was a good size and up-to-date.,Date of stay: March 2012,4.0
1863,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1860-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great for weekends,"Stayed at this hotel twice now and have enjoyed it both times. Both short stays and we picked it cause of it's central position and also because it has a swimming pool, etc for our children. Rooms are good although they do vary, first time it was a really good room with two queen double beds and lots of space, the last time we stayed the room wasn't as good and was much smaller. We asked to be moved to another room but they said they were fully booked, in February!! Overall a good experience, great location for all the sites, etc. I would stay there again",Date of stay: February 2012,4.0
1864,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1860-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Le Meridien Piccadilly London-a quality stay,"We were given our night in the hotel as a gift. I was slightly nervous after reading some of the reviews on here but could not have been more pleased with our stay.  The foyer of the hotel is beautiful and the people on reception were friendly and efficient. We had a deluxe room (429) on the 4th floor. We didn't have a view but neither of us were bothered by this. The location of our room meant we had no noise from the streets which is far more important for us as light sleepers. The room was a good size, the seperate hallway and wardrobes meant we could keep the bedroom uncluttered. The bathroom was a little small but spotless as was everything in the hotel.  We were treated to a meal in the Terrace restaurant and although it was the pre-theatre menu (so choice was limited) it…",Date of stay: March 2012,5.0
1865,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1865-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","5 star location, 3 star facilities","I go very often to London and like staying at the Le Meridien Piccadilly since its location is unique for my needs. Close to many of my client offices, a few steps away of important tube stations, easy access to really good restaurants and very close to most of the theaters, where you can go the famous West End musicals. This is what really drives me in staying there. The bad part of the hotel is that it has some really poor rooms where they usually allocate business  travelers like me. Small rooms, many times lacking a window and, unfortunately, with washrooms that many times lacked a decent flush.",Date of stay: February 2012,4.0
1866,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1865-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",fab location...but not wowed,"We stayed at this hotel Feb 2012 for a weekend in london. It's location is wonderful..Piccadilly itself. Theatres and tourist sights within walking distance. Staff were ok. Although I wasn't too impressed with having to provide ID after checking in...the room was paid for in advance and we had the usual credit card details given to the staff. Breakfast was fine, but we've had the same if not better in hotels with a much lesser rating. The room was unbearably hot. We had the windows open all the time because the air con wasn't too brill. Wouldn't stay here in the summer. The bathroom gave us concern. When the water was being run, the water looked yellow. We found this both alarming and off putting. We tested the water with a clear bottle, and found it too be clear, but, when…",Date of stay: February 2012,3.0
1867,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1865-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",A fine choice in a central location in London,"I decided to try this hotel, after relatives had stayed there and enjoyed it. I was not disappointed. The location is great, just off Piccadilly Circus (the only issue is that cabs have a tough time dropping off pasengers on this busy street). The rooms are very nice. They have a good size jim and spa. The restaurant on the 1st floor, called the Terrace, is wonderful for lunch and has a nice view of the surroundings.",Date of stay: March 2012,4.0
1868,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1865-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Le Meridien Piccadilly London,"This hotel was a classic 5 star, all wood, brass and marble with top-hatted doormen, uniformed bell hops and Concierge (Phillip, Paul, George) who could magic anything from a flight to an impossible dinner reservation at the drop of a hat. This together with the fastest room service in the known world made Le Meridien, Piccadilly, one of the best luxury hotels in the World - and I stayed at many such hotels during this time, 1990 - 1996.  We stayed at Le Meridien for one night this March (2012), we had a social engagement that was directly opposite the hotel at St James' Church and following that at Waterstone's restaurant. The Concierge remain, well Paul and George do, and I have no doubt that given the opportunity they could still work their very special brand of magic for…",Date of stay: March 2012,3.0
1869,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1865-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Did your Grandmother decorate this hotel?,"WOW!  This one blew me away and not in a good way.  While the staff were quiet friendly and accommodating, the rooms were awful.  It was like being in my Grandmothers bedroom.  Not what you want on vacation or a business trip.  I stayed in a room at the end of the hallway and it didn't get any wireless signal.  So no internet.  Not good.  I couldn't get out of there fast enough!",Date of stay: October 2011,3.0
1870,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1870-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",A heaven in the heart of London,"This hotel is simply superb. It has been recently renovated with elegance and simplicity. Rooms are large especially if you can have an upgrade. Service is excellent and very kind. Position is simply the best place where to stay in London. Obviously the price takes into account that you are in a 5 star hotel in Piccadilly. However considering the level of service, the room, the level of cleanliness, the Spa and all the perfect details they are attentive to, it is a fair price. Overall the best experience of London hotels I have ever had. Reccomended both for business and leisure.",Date of stay: March 2012,5.0
1871,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1870-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Very good location, friendly staff","Stayed here during New Years Eve.  It was right on the street where they had the New Years Day parade.  Although it is in the busy part of Piccadilly, surprisingly it was very quiet when you were tucked away in the hotel.    The rooms were clean, simple, modern, and chic.  The hallways were a little dated.  The lobby is gorgeous and since we were there during the holiday they had a HUGE beautiful Christmas tree.    The concierge service was knowledgeable and friendly.  They were actually quite honest with us as tourists, which I greatly appreciate.  The staff was always friendly, opening doors, and being polite.    The location is terrific.  Next door to a starbucks and three or four stores from the subway.    I think the ONLY bad thing about the place was when we were on the…",Date of stay: December 2011,4.0
1872,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1870-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","A welcome escape from the ""W""","If you are an spg member this is probably your best bet in central London.   Whilst many of the rooms are a little tired and small if you persevere you can find some decent rooms. We did have to try 3 separate rooms different floors before we found one that we could open our suitcase in - and we were staying for 2 weeks. Deluxe doesn't appear to make much difference however they do eventually recognise spg gold and platinum members (unlike the w)  Service is generally very good (unlike the w) and the breakfast is quite excellent in v ery pleasant surroundings.   The pool and gym are a little dated however this is one of the few hotels that have this service in central London.   All In all an ok hotel, good for it's location but not of a world class standard. It is only of…",Date of stay: January 2012,4.0
1873,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1870-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great Location for business and tourists,"Third stay in this hotel in 6 months and they know how to look after returning guests and spg platinum guests.Got my upgrade but while hotel building is old rooms have been upgraded and you get a great nights sleep.Club lounge,restaurant and spa excellent and the staff very friendly and helpful and again special thanks to Sari Gomez. For both business and tourists you cannot beat the location and would look no further.",Date of stay: March 2012,5.0
1874,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1870-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Most enjoyable,"I was looking for a hotel in a really central position for a special birthday celebration and remembered Le Meridien from a previous stay some years ago. I got a great rate on line so booked 4 rooms for our stay, then made the mistake of reading the numerous reviews on both Starwoods own site and also on Trip Advisor which nearly caused me to cancel the reservation. I'm so glad that I didn't. Instead I got in touch with the hotel and explained the circumstances behind the booking and they were absolutely fantastic. There was prompt communication which was equally matched by the care and consideration given during our stay. From the moment we arrived and were greeted by a charming gentleman in reception (unfortunately I didn't note his name), through to the housekeeping staff and…",Date of stay: February 2012,5.0
1875,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1875-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Good impressions after the upgrade,"I stayed after a lapse of a couple a years (while on business to London) and was positively impressed by the upgraded, modern look and feel of the hotel and especially the rooms. True, the building is still old, the floors creaky, but the perfect location compensates for the minor deficits. Good room service menu and in- room entertainment system. One of my London favourites.",Date of stay: February 2012,4.0
1876,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1875-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",A little tired,"The hotel seems pretty dated and tired.  The TV in my room didnt work.  My room was a nice upgrade for being Gold, but my 2 co-workers rooms were crazy tiny.  The bathroom was really dated.  There were no easily accessible plugs at the work desk or in the bathroom.  I had to plug in my flat iron in a strange place with no mirror.  I could never get wireless to work even though they told me they had it.  On the positive side, the starwood employees, bellmen and front desk personel were all very competent and helpful.",Date of stay: February 2012,3.0
1877,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1875-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, good hotel","We stayed at Le Meridien for a long weekend in London.  The rooms are a pretty good size, considering this is a city hotel in a popular location.  The bar at the hotel was very nice and kind of a cool scene.  The location is hard to beat--we were with in walking distance of many major attractions and right in the heart of the city.  And the price was very reasonable.  All in all, a good place to stay for a visit to London.  I would return.",Date of stay: April 2011,4.0
1878,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1875-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Absolutely Fine,"My regular Sheraton Park Lane was full so tried to Le Meridien Piccadilly this time in London. Initial reaction were fine - a little bit dodgy arriving by car as need to set down in a bus area outside the door and no doorman in site. Once inside a stylish, simple lobby, great little cocktail bar where the service is exceptional and key activated lifts. I was in a deluxe room (25sqm) which was small but very nicely decorated. Again bathroom small but cosy - not pokey. Exceptional location and relatively easy to drive to if you have a rental. I would stay here again but perhaps spend the extra 50 pounds and get a larger club room (35sqm).",Date of stay: March 2012,4.0
1879,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1875-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Very pleased and relieved!,"I had booked two rooms for two nights under a Lastminute ""Mystery"" hotel and when the name was disclosed went to Tripadvisor to see the reviews and I was slightly concerned due to several bad reviews. I called the hotel and they reassured me that I would have a wonderful stay at Le Meridien. They were true to their word and looked after us very well and we had fabulous time. We had a deluxe room which was huge by London standards, a very comfortable large bed and two very good nights sleep. The room was exceptionally soundproof and you wouldn't think you were right in the centre of a busy city. I have only given four stars as I fell the breakfast was far too expensive for what you get and the staff at breakfast were a little grumpy and didn't offer a five star service but that…",Date of stay: March 2012,4.0
1880,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1880-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great Starwood Property,"This is a great property. Pros: Large room, attentive staff, centrally located, nice fitness center Cons: Expensive, old building and rooms   I stayed here for 2 nights in February and had a great experience.  Used the fitness center and room service which were both good.  The only reason I didn't give it a 5-star rating is because the room had an older, dark decor which was a bit depressing.",Date of stay: February 2012,4.0
1881,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1880-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Missed opportunities,"I chose this hotel because of its central location, and was not disappointed in that regard. However, I was disappointed in the room and the general layout of the hotel. I usually arrive in London late in the evening because I take a day flight from New York. When I arrived I was told that I would be upgraded because of my Starwood Gold Status. At checkin, there was no offer of help with my baggage. The one person who seemed to be a bell boy was preoccuppied escorting an obvious hooker to a guest in his room. (Management: why can't the guest be asked to come to the lobby for such business?) The room I was given was a corner room on the sixth floor. It had the strangest layout I have ever seen. Right in the middle of the room, at the foot of the bed, was a staircase that rose to…",Date of stay: February 2012,2.0
1882,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1880-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Location Location Location,"As the title of this review suggests, this is definitely what you are paying for with this hotel. It couldn't be in a better spot to use as a base to explore London.  The room was quite small but ok. The bathroom was a bit of a disappointment, very rough around the edges. The swimming pool area is nice and the dining room area/breakfast are very nice.  I recommend this hotel as the perfect base for exploring London. If you go to a hotel and spend most of your time in the bedroom admiring the surroundings, it won't give you the feeling of satisfaction!",Date of stay: February 2012,4.0
1883,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1880-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",dismal and inefficient,"booked through last min.com and was given an terrible room which they had the cheek to call an upgrade to ""deluxe"". this is a 5* hotel and i've had better 1* rooms. when i complained they said they could refund nothing as it was a prepaid room through last minute.com!!! my complaint was ignored but i persisted and a week later i achieved a promise of an upgrade next time with breakfast thrown in. they were reluctant to give me written confirmation of this promise and when i finally got the email the breakfast offer had disappeared. room was small noisy and stuffy with no openable window and a/c that rattled all night. mini bar was warm. it was outside the lifts which was also noisy all night. the hotel looks faded. the only thing going for the place is the location. AVOID",Date of stay: February 2012,1.0
1884,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1880-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Wait, this is a Starwood property?","Let me first say that I think this hotel is a real letdown for Le Meridien and the Starwood brand.  I have stayed at many of their properties and I think this one really misses the mark in terms of quality.  This is an older hotel and in desperate need of an upgrade.  They seem to have renovated the lobby, so your first impression walking into the hotel is that it’s going to be very nice, unfortunately that’s not the case.  I was given a room on the 2nd floor and in order to get to the room, you had to take the elevator and then traverse to sets of stairs to arrive there.  It makes it very difficult if you have more than one bag and I would imagine it would be impossible for someone that is disabled.  The room was quite large for London standards but very worn down.  I was on…",Date of stay: February 2012,2.0
1885,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1885-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great Service,As a Platinum member I used points to cover this weekend and thoroughly enjoyed the experience. The Staff were excellent and very service minded. They were competent and always helpful with a smile and I like that. There wasn't really an upgrade offered on the room but the room was quiet and comfortable. The internet was adequate and the lounge enjoyable. The location is fantastic!!! I would definitely stay here again.,Date of stay: February 2012,4.0
1886,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1885-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Centrally Located in London,"The top characteristic of this hotel is that - it is in the center of everything in London!  You just walk wherever you want, esp. at night or take the Underground Train for short distances.  I know it used to be a Grand hotel before, but it needs some upgrading on the interior furnishing, elevators, walls & rooms.  What I like about the room is the Verandah over looking the Street.  The bed though is not that big, but comfortable - it is just right for the small space as well.  As soon as you enter the comfort room, you will be taken back in time of the golden years... though old, it is well-maintained.",Date of stay: March 2011,4.0
1887,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1885-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Lots of trashy guests, not a 5 star hotel at all","This hotel gets a large number of clients through the ""Secret Hotels"" offers on Lastminute.com, and it really shows. Lots of trashy guests who do not how to behave themselves (or how to dress) and got their 5* weekend getaway for the price of a B&B populate the hotel, and they spoil the experience for everyone else.   In the basement level it has a spa/pool/gym called the Piccadilly health club, of which I am a member - and soon former member, owing to the poor conduct of the staff there. They are extremely unprofessional and the management is totally shambles.  Couples treat the jacuzzi like a private hot tub, and more than once have I had to say to guests to please continue their intimate moment in the bedroom not the jacuzzi. The pool is potentially a good space, but the…",Date of stay: February 2012,2.0
1888,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1885-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Lastminute.com's ""mystery"" Meridien - utterly terrible.","I've stay at this hotel on countless occasions and really liked the reasonable price, fantastic location and good gym/pool.   I needed a hotel in London for only one night at short notice (21 January 2012) so thought I would try out lastminute.com's ""mystery hotels""; I was extremely pleased to get a room at the Meridien at about 65% of the normal cost ... until I got to my ""five star"" room.    I'm not naive so I know hotels keep their worst rooms for these sorts of deals but I was astonished by how bad their worst rooms actually were!    Instead of the usual bright airy clean room I've had in the past, it was an incredibly dingy back room where the windows looked into a central area.  The windows were blocked by external airconditioning ducts so there was no light whatsoever;…",Date of stay: January 2012,2.0
1889,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1885-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Hotel in the bustling heart of the theatre district,"The last time my husband and I were at the Meridien Piccadilly was in 2001. They have renovated the property extensively since then, and are part of the Starwood Hotels group.   Mind you, this hotel is situated on Piccadilly and Regent street, and it gets quite busy both during the day and at night. However, you are quite a busy part of London, a stone's throw from shows and many nearby attractions. Given that London is a walking/tube city, the location of this hotel is ideal.  The Junior Suite club level room we were in on the 9th floor faced the quieter side of the hotel, thus our sleep was not disturbed from the throngs of people gathered below. The room was quite large, with a separate sitting area. The double sinks were good, and the room was clean. Bed was comfortable and…",Date of stay: February 2012,4.0
1890,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1890-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Pricey - but worth it for a little treat.,"I stayed here recently when attending a concert at The Palladium (which is 5 minutes walking distance away). The room was exceptional - clean, decorated to a high standard. The hotel staff were polite and efficient. Couldn't fault this hotel at all!",Date of stay: October 2011,5.0
1891,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1890-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Nice hotel, good location","Located on Piccadilly a stone's throw from Piccadilly Circus, Shaftesbury Ave and all that goes with theatreland this hotel is in a very old building that has been renovated and converted.   As such it has few draw backs, its layout takes some getting used to, high ceilings mean the heating takes a while to work, and the plumbing can be noisy.   But for one or two nights to see London its fine.   Other than that it is a very nicely decorated and furnished property although it does feel like they need stronger lighting.   The facilities are good (pool gym), restaurants very good, food excellent and the service from the staff is above average for central London.",Date of stay: February 2012,4.0
1892,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1890-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great Hotel!,"My husband and I love staying at this hotel. The staff are incredibly helpful and friendly, the rooms and beds more than comfortable, and the location can't be beat! The lounge for platinum members is an extra bonus and the gym is great. It even has a beautiful indoor pool and sauna. Overall, a great hotel!",Date of stay: February 2012,5.0
1893,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1890-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Really enjoyed Le Meridien !,"We ( 2 x adults & 2 x children 12yrs) stayed here early Feb and had a great time, the location is fantastic for the west end, regents st, etc. the Consierge was very helpful for restaurant bookings. I'd recommend it for families wanting to be 'in amongst in London'.  We had 2 adjoining rooms which were nice/comfortable, the basement bar is very nice with good service, the pool is bigger than expected and the hot tub/steam room etc were all clean.",Date of stay: February 2012,5.0
1894,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1890-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Not a five star hotel in parts...,"Stayed for one night, 15/2/12, and really disappointed as I had expected it to be higher quality that experienced. Firstly the location is excellent and that is the main reason you would stay there...that really is the only reason! Excellent for tube/shops etc. Lobby is clean and modern, looked promising but the room really was nothing special. Lighting poor, outdated bathroom, very noisy floors (creaking floorboards constantly from upstairs, especially annoying at 6 am!). Some parts of bathroom, around taps were grubby. Bed was comfortable but pillows were incredibly high and slept with neck at funny angle! Also had a problem with the lift not stopping at the floor I had pressed, something another reviewer has mentioned! The main gripe, and I think this was probably the final…",Date of stay: February 2012,2.0
1895,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1895-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, but rooms need further renovation","We liked the location of the hotel--close to many restaurants, shops, and metro lines. However, we did not like the room. Parts of the room looked newly renovated, while others (like the wood furniture in the living room and aspects of the bathroom) looked old and in need of renovation. The lighting in the room was poor, in part because the windows faced another building. We also had a terrible time getting a cab in front of the hotel when we needed to return to the airport. After 20 minutes of no available cabs, we had to haul our luggage to the tube and take that to the airport. Despite the convenient location, we didn't like the room and it wasn't a great value, so we wouldn't stay here again.",Date of stay: May 2011,3.0
1896,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1895-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",So-so,"Because of business meetings, this time I chose to stay at Le Meridien (I usually stay at the Trafalgar Hotel when in London). Even though we were quite happy with the stay (I was staying with my wife), there are mostly good and few bad things about the hotel. The good things are:  1. Location - just off the piccadilly circus - you can not dream about a better location for shopping or entertainment.  2. Breakfast. We loved it, although it is ridiculous that they charge separately for an omelette. Scrambled eggs are avalable from buffet, but they were very tasteless. Everything else was good. But you have a choice of at least 6 coffeeshops within 50 meters in all directions, if you do not want to spend 22 gbp per person, 3. Doormen. Very nice people - always smile and ready to…",Date of stay: February 2012,3.0
1897,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1895-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great base location for your London tourist experience!,"If you want to see all of the tourist sites in London, this location is for you.  Close access to the underground to get you to other parts of the city.  Rooms a little tired but good size for Europe.  Concierge helpful.  Front desk was slow.  Even though I am a Platinum guest, we had to wait several hours for our room.",Date of stay: August 2011,4.0
1898,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1895-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, nearly ticked all the boxes!","Situated in an excellent location for discovering the West End of London Le Meridien is a great choice of hotel for this area. Well appointed rooms with comfortable beds should ensure a good nights sleep. We had a nightcap in the trendy bar where there was an extensive cocktail menu to suit all tastes. My only criticism would be breakfast.  Although served in the attractive Terrace dining room it was let down by the cooked offerings. Runny scrambled egg (no other choices available) salty sloppy bacon, tasteless mushrooms and tomatoes and all barely warm it was a let down to say the lest. The self serve bread for toasting only had unimaginative sliced bread which remained limp and lifeless even after toasting. However, all other choices of fruit, juices, cereal, cold meats and…",Date of stay: February 2012,4.0
1899,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1895-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Poor Quality Bathrooms,"The hotel is rated five star but the quality of the bathroom was poor, cracked floor tiles and very old fashioned and tired compared to the public areas which are modern. I would not stay there again. The staff were helpful and moved me to another room but the bathroom was just as poor. And the sound proofing in the rooms needs to be improved as the hotel overlooks main roads due to its central location.",Date of stay: February 2012,3.0
1900,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1900-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","excellent service, with a smile","Excellent hotel, extremely well situated for tube & shows. The staff were all very friendly & efficient. Breakfast, included in our room price, was fantastic, with plenty of choice, both hot & cold. We would certainly sta\y here again.",Date of stay: February 2012,5.0
1901,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1900-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Very disappointing,"We checked in on Friday 30th December having paid a lot of money for a new years break, this was my first visit to a 5 star hotel and whilst the hotel looked 5 star the service we received was 3 star. Our room had a leak in the bathroom and the hot water tap was broken, we reported it with reception and then went out for the day. When we returned to our room, the tap had been fixed however the leak hadn't. There was dirty towels and tissue left in the bathroom by the maintenance staff with no attempt to clean it up.  We had to ring reception and ask for room service. We have sen two letters of complaint to the manager and have received no response at all.  This is not 5 star service.",Date of stay: December 2011,2.0
1902,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1900-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Perfect Location!,"The Le Meridien Piccadilly is in the PERFECT spot for anyone wanting a central location. The tube (subway) is steps away from the hotel's entrance. And Piccadilly Circus is at your doorstep, which is the hub for tours, shopping & theater. The hotel is exceptionally clean, with a wonderful & very helpful front desk staff & great amenities. The only downfall is that the hotel does not offer complimentary Wi-Fi or continental breakfast... which for business travel is mandatory! Also, because the hotel is part of an older building, the hallways for guest rooms sometimes have an extra set of stairs to get to your room... so if you are handicapped, make sure you request a room that you can access easily.",Date of stay: January 2012,4.0
1903,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1900-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Superb hotel in great location,"I have just returned from my third stay at the hotel, after another great weekend.  I don't stay at the hotel very often due to the price but will always consider it when visiting the West End of London. It is perfectly placed for most of the theatres, Leciester and Trafalgar Squares and Green Park etc.  The staff could not be more helpful and the rooms are clean and comfortable and include everything you need. The breakfast is also excellent and comprehensive. I choose the hotel specifically for the leisure facilities, which include a large pool, steam room, jacuzzu and three separate gyms for all activities and fitness training. I would have given the hotel a 5 star rating if it was less expensive; the changing room facilities also need updating.",Date of stay: January 2012,4.0
1904,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1900-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Good location but over priced,"Booked this hotel for it's location. Rooms quite corporate and manly although comfy. Flat screen tv, tea/coffee making facilities although bit stingy with the tea bags we had one each. I didn't request more. We had no turndown service. We had dinner at the hotel witch they offered pre theatre prices special which was good value, fantastic food and great service. Late check out 12pm so pity couldn't enjoy a nice breakfast as couldn't justify the cost. Recommend eating breakfast outside the hotel at any of the abundant choice of eateries offering better value and more for your money. Staff friendly and welcoming and wiling to help. Fast check in and out service.",Date of stay: January 2012,3.0
1905,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1905-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",great location - confusing set up,"Hotel located very central - everything just a walk away.  Comfortable, nice rooms, good bed.  Noise level OK.  Hotel set up was a bit confusing, took me two attempts each time to get the right turn to get to the room.  Reception staff not extremely helpful - did not do the wake up call in the morning and we nearly missed our flight - something about noting down the wrong room number.  Also, although paid by cash, credit card amount used to book was then held by the hotel for days - more than a week - had to call them twice to get it resolved",Date of stay: February 2011,4.0
1906,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1905-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Its OK,"First, the location is definitely great and its conveniently located to a lot of restaurants, bars, Leicester Square, Green Park, Piccadilly, etc... The other thing, if you usually are in London for work, it is nicely situated far enough from the Time Square atmosphere of Leicester Square yet close enough if you feel like a few moments of carnival rides. There aren't many hotels around this area right on the main strip and so close to a Tube stop.  Second, it's an older hotel (I should qualify that a lot of hotels in this area are old ) and the rooms are a little outdated (I've stayed twice in two separate rooms and on separate floors).  On both occasions, the white comforter was a little less than white (a nit yes, but if you travel a lot, a sticking point). The room isn't…",Date of stay: January 2012,3.0
1907,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1905-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Location, location, location.","The location of the hotel was one of the best! Right across the Piccadilly circus, with easy access to many restaurants, museums, and two metro lines. Rooms were warm, clean, and modern (recently renovated). However, like most hotels in England, breakfast should be improved before you can call it a ""Le Meridien feast"".",Date of stay: December 2011,4.0
1908,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1905-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent Location,The hotel is centrally located close to all of the action.  Within walking distance to a number of sites and right beside the tube station and excellent access to various bus lines.  The room was clean and comfortable albiet somewhat small we didn't spend much time in the room anyway.  Upon arrival we happened upon the rudist front desk staff I have ever encountered.  We learned to avoid this one individual for the remainder of the trip.  The service and maintenance staff could have done a better job and they were certainly more pleasant.  Other than that is was a very good experience overall.  We would certianly stay there again.,Date of stay: January 2012,4.0
1909,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1905-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great location and good service,My husband and I arrived at the hotel very early in the morning after a long flight and despite the time were told our room was available immediately which we really appreciated. The location was fantastic and made it so easy to visit all the sights in London that were on our list. We received a room upgrade as platinum SPG members including the use of the executive club where we were able to enjoy breakfast before setting out for the day. I would highly recommend this hotel and really can't say anything negative about our 5 night stay here,Date of stay: January 2012,4.0
1910,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1910-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Super Location,"Booked hotel via TopSecret hotels at Last Minute.com at a very good rate.  Great location, our room was clean, comfy bed and a good size, bathroom was a little dated, but everything worked perfectly.",Date of stay: January 2012,4.0
1911,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1910-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","""Beware"" not a typical Starwood Hotel!!","We stayed in the LE Meridien in January 2012. We were really unhappy with the cleanliness of the room! I kept a towel on the bathroom floor the whole time because the floor was so dirty! It truly needed to be SCRUBBED!! We experienced two different concierges, the first one couldn't give us any recommendations for a place to eat except their own restaurant  upstairs, which we did end up eating at because we were tried and hungry and didn't feel like going out wondering at 8:30 pm with our child with out having some idea where to go. We found the waiter to be rude and the hamburger meat tasted terrible. The experience the next day with a different concierge was even worse!! He stared at his computer the whole time I was asking for information and seemed put out for me to be…",Date of stay: January 2012,2.0
1912,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1910-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Unaccomodating reservations department,"I've stayed at the Le Meridien Piccadilly on business in the past and was satisfied at the quality of service and overall value I received.   However, on a recent trip to London I booked non-refundable rates for 2 rooms at this hotel .  Subsequent to the booking, our flights were changed by 3 days and the hotel was unwilling to make any changes to the reservation even through there were rooms available on our new travel dates.  I had offered to pay a substantial change fee plus the difference in rate but the hotel was unwilling to budge.  At other luxury hotel chains I've stayed at, management has always been accomodating in helping with any changes or requests, so I was surprised by the poor service I received from the staff at Le Meridien Picadilly.  I will not be staying at…",Date of stay: January 2012,1.0
1913,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1910-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Excellent location, lovely hotel","The location of this hotel was one of the best i have stayed in, in London.  We were on a shopping trip and were able to nip back to the Hotel various times throughout the day to leave our shopping off.  Rooms were clean and warm and bed was very comfy. The only down side was breakfast which was served till 11am, when we arrived at 10.30am there was only the dusty remains of cereal left and we had to wait about 5 mins for fresh cereal and milk, the breakfast was not the warmest but the breakfast room was beautiful and a member of staff very kindly came over to our table to ask if we wanted anything from the buffet breakfast before he started clearing it away. Would definatley stay in this hotel again.",Date of stay: January 2012,4.0
1914,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1910-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Decent Hotel,The hotel's location was the reason for me booking and the hotel staff was very helpful.,Date of stay: November 2011,3.0
1915,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1915-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",City Break,"Chose Le Meridien for location and proximity to shows, restaurants etc. Selected a club room as considered it to be value for money given it was in the heart of central london. Reception on arrival very courteous and professional and the lobby and bar area very bright and attractive. Thats where the praise stops! The room overlooked Piccadilly itself with views of the Eye etc however the room itself was very tired and definitely in need of refubishment. Very few english tv channels not even SKY News! Bar prices ridiculous even for Central London!!",Date of stay: December 2011,3.0
1916,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1915-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Le Meridien Piccadilly,"The Hotel was OK staff very nice.  The bathroom was too small only a small sink, nowhere to put your toiletries.  However nice place to stay for christmas centre of everything.",Date of stay: December 2011,3.0
1917,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1915-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great location,"The hotel is in a great location, just moments from a tube station and Regents Street. A good place to stay if you want to shop and see the sights. We were in a club room which was huge. Very comfy bed, choice of pillows, nice linens. We had two bathrooms! Both were quite small, I would have preferred one really good size bathroom but this would be a great room if you were travelling with children.  We ate the complimentary continental breakfast in the club lounge which was perfectly adequate. In the restaurant continental breakfast was a whopping £23!  There are a few decent cafes serving breakfast just outside the hotel so there's no need to pay this much. The club lounge also offered complimentary canapes and drinks in the evening which was very welcome after several hours…",Date of stay: December 2011,4.0
1918,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1915-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Stellar Location; But Average in Service and Comfort,"I stayed here for 5 nights over New Year's Holiday weekend.  I travel to London a few times each year.  I found the hotel just ""ok"".  I was comfortable during my stay, but think some improvements are required and don't feel I received value for the price paid.  I think there are better hotels in London for the price.  Overall the room felt old, dingy and dark.  For almost $600 USD a night there was no HD TV, very dim lighting, no hair dryer and the no iPod docking station!  These should have been standard.  The room arrangement made very little sense with odd pieces of furniture and lamps here and there.  Also, this is what they called a deluxe (I was told I was being given a 'double upgrade' from a basic room at check-in.  The service was also spotty.  At check-in we were…",Date of stay: January 2012,3.0
1919,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1915-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Amazing Hotel in the Heart of London,"Le Meridien Picadilly is a fabulous hotel with an unbelievable location. With Picadilly Square literally two steps away, the location allows the traveller to experience the very best of London, as many tourist attractions are just a stone's throw away.   The rooms are pricy and mostly small, but overall it's worth it as they are nicely furnished and there are plenty of 5-star amenities. Breakfast is great. The hotel is spotless, and the service is what you would expect from such a luxurious establishment.  Overall we had an incredible stay at Le Meridien Picadilly and heartily recommend it to anyone willing to spare a bit of extra cash for the excellent location.",Date of stay: December 2011,5.0
1920,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1920-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Can't beat location,"I stayed here for three nights over New Year's.  After reading some reviews from others, I was nervous about the inconsistency of other guests' ratings, but found that overall the hotel was worth 4 stars.  I asked for a quiet room (knowing that I would be on the courtyard with no view), and they initially put me on the second floor, but after a little coaxing the front desk clerk (who, by the way, wasn't that friendly) put me on the 8th floor.  The room was a corner, so the layout was a bit weird (there was a long hallway between the bedroom and bathroom, and the bathroom was very narrow) but the room was spacious.  I didn't have a hair dryer, and they brought one up right away, and called to make sure I got it -- great service there.  They brought me an afternoon snack the…",Date of stay: December 2011,4.0
1921,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1920-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",A delightful experience in the heart of London,"We recently had a wonderful 2 night stay over the recent US thanksgiving weekend. The location of the hotel couldn't be better, being steps away from piccadilly circus, regent st and the entrance to the Piccadilly tube west exit. Being a SPG gold, we were automatically upgraded to a deluxe room on a Friday morning checkin which was a bonus. The room was modern and surprisingly very spacious with a massive bathroom. The soundproofing of the new windows over the old existing windows were excellent. You hear absolutely nothing when those are shut.   Internet connection is available at 16GBP /night per device connected with roaming password valid throughout the hotel. We didn't get a chance to dine at the restaurant. However, we decided to indulge with the buffet breakfast one…",Date of stay: November 2011,5.0
1922,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1920-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Horrible service, great location","You wnder about the senior managers and whether they come to work every day.  Surly service, property that does not seem to operate well and to even meet guest expectations never mind exceed. Staff give different instructions for the same thing. Ok, to list a few: -Wrong information from Concierge re ""changing of the guard"". Gave us the wrong day (sorry to bother you, I am only a guest) -Christmas lunch: I guess all of the experience staff were off for the holidays as service was ""MacDonaldish"" in nature. Food -Housekeeping: leaky fauscets, not replaced tissues and really question cleanliness as i saw how they cleaned -The good? location, location, location.....and thats it. -This is an adult hotel, not for kids  As guess you start bad it stays with you through the entire stay. …",Date of stay: December 2011,3.0
1923,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1920-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great hotel in excellent location,"We stayed here for five nights just prior to Christmas.  The location is great - just a stone's throw from many major attractions and a good tube line.  Our room was one of the largest they had according to the booking and it was pretty big for London.  The bed was very comfortable and big.  We had breakfast each day in the club lounge, with a good range of breads, fruit, cereal, pastries etc.  Hot food can be ordered and paid for separately.  We would definitely stay here again.",Date of stay: December 2011,5.0
1924,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1920-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great Location,"I have stayed here several times and have always enjoyed my visits.  It's not going to be be the quietest hotel you have ever stayed at, but it's location in central London is almost second to none.  The hotel is reasonable priced for a central London 5* hotel; after staying at a couple of other London Hotels (Grovsner House and the Hilton), there really is no other choice for me.",Date of stay: May 2011,4.0
1925,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1925-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Excellent value for money, great location","Booked it via lastminute.com and it was the 'surprise' 5 star hotel located in the Mayfair.  I never booked via this site before, and especially not without doing my homework first, but as I had no choice for a last minute trip this seemed like the only option.  Did not know what to expect but for a short business stay and two nights' sleep I figured that should be fine anyways.  I had a very pleasant surprise all in all: quick check-in (another guest checking in at the same time was singing the whole time - that was great singing and quite original;-), everyone was all of a sudden more relaxed), room was big, clean; wardrobe and minibar on a small side room, nice modern bathroom and comfy beds.  Good room service at reasonable prices, friendly staff.  Not to mention (like…",Date of stay: December 2011,5.0
1926,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1925-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",A Very Good - Excellent Hotel in London,"We had originally planned to celebrate a special occasion in Thailand and Cambodia (we were going to stay at the Le Meridien in Siem Rep) but due to the flooding and other conditions had to change our plans.  We contacted the Le Meridien Piccadilly and were able to get a reservation for 10 nights.    As Gold Members with Starwood we were upgraded to a Club Room for the duration of our stay.  We were not able to enjoy the other Club amenities (breakfast, snacks, soft drinks, wi-fi, etc.) as the additional cost was, in our opinion, prohibitive; we were not offered an upgrade for these services on arrival as we had at a Starwood property in Stockholm we visited last year.   We purchased a ""non-refundable"" room rate from the Le Meridien website which represented roughly 20% savings…",Date of stay: November 2011,5.0
1927,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1925-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Old styled chic,"This hotel is in the middle of everything, very convenient for sightseeing, shopping, theatres and so on. The level of service is outstanding, very big, clean room although the floors are squeaking) There is spa, dont forget swimsuit, as we did)) Breakfast is very tasty and fresh. So its not a cheap hotel, and may be blocking too much money on creditcard, nevertheless I recomend",Date of stay: December 2011,5.0
1928,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1925-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Was put off by bad reviews but very happy here...,"The location is amazing as all the reviews mention, right next to Piccadilly Circus tube. I was greeted with a big smile and no problems checking in. The decor is very nice, it's modern and my room (820) is a good enough size compared to some of the awful London hotels I've stayed in where I can't move around the bed!  All the expected things are in the room for a 5* rating - lots of towels, bath robes, slippers and full mini bar. Only problem would be the charge for wifi - why are some hotels not understanding that this is expected now?!  The room is clean with lots of lamps (it's a love of mine!) and there are two complimentary bottles of water next to the bed - always a nice touch when you consider how much you pay per night. I paid £398 for two nights on LastMinute.com as a…",Date of stay: December 2011,4.0
1929,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1925-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great location but poor hotel,"I am still trying to find a decent Starwood property in London!!  I had an absolutely terrible experience at the W last time and decided to stay at this hotel which is not far from the W.    The check in process was all right.  I was upgraded to a club level room.  Because of my platinum membership, I asked to see if they had suites available and I was told that all the suites were full.  I went to the room and my first impression was that wow the room is very outdated.  The floor was very squeaky as well.  As I was in the room, I immediately checked on starwood.com to see if the suites were actually all booked.  As I sort of expected, there were junior suites available.  I didn't have time to reason with the hotel staff as I had to run to a meeting.  I came back to the hotel…",Date of stay: November 2011,2.0
1930,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1930-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",High quality hotel in top location in centre London,"Location:  the best location in London, less than a minute from Piccadilly Circus.  I stay in this hotel regularly, both for business and with my family, and find its location extremely convenient  Ambience: small lobby on ground floor.  If you are Platinum SPG, the lobby on Mezzanine floor is quite comfortable and useful.    Room: rooms vary.  They have lots of different categories of rooms.  I stayed in tiny rooms but also in huge ones.  Generally, the quality is good – clean, functional rooms.  This time (Nov. 2011) we first received a medium size suite on the top floor but found that we had to use two different lifts to get to the ground floor (or walk one floor down and then take another lift).  That was not convenient but after some arguing the hotel moved us to a larger…",Date of stay: November 2011,5.0
1931,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1930-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great Location,"Great location, very poor service staff.  Front Desk is a problem that needs improved, they don't listen and don't respond to your needs.  Can't beat the location though, out one side of the hotel to Piccadilly and Regent Street, out the other way to Fortnum & Masons who is now open early and late for breakfast/dinner etc.",Date of stay: December 2010,3.0
1932,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1930-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Top location!!,"This hotel has the best location possible in London, litterally 20 mt from Piccadilly Circus!! Having read some comments on it, I expeced and alder feel to the whole building, but the room (216) was beautiful, very big and clean! The old furniture was made up by the stylish decor and the king size bed was confortable and enormous! The staff is very helpful. The only thing I could say that was not spot on is that the birthday surprise chocolate set that was meant to me (nice touch!) was delivered to my parents' room and the day before....Also, my parents had booked a room with the same carachteristics, only for more days, and they did not get such a good deal , as their room was considerably smaller, which I found strange. Overall, I would definately recommend this hotel to…",Date of stay: November 2011,4.0
1933,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1930-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Nice hotel,Nice hotel. Good location and average rooms. Not as nice as Langham. But its value for money.,Date of stay: November 2011,4.0
1934,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1930-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Great Location, Service and F&B","The hotel is in a great location, the staff are friendly and efficient. I got all my SPG tier privileges from upgrades, free internet, Club Lounge access, etc. The hotel contacted me overseas to confirm my request of two connecting rooms. The hotel is in an old beautiful building and that is what you expect in London. Excellent F&B outlets. Rooms are very well sound insulated.The interior is renovated and well kept. The only thing I can complain about is housekeeping. The staff needs training.",Date of stay: November 2011,4.0
1935,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1935-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great location for business and tourists,"Frequent visitor to London for business and this trip was with my wife so excellent  location for shopping and theatres .This is my second visit to this hotel and it is now my hotel of choice in London for the following reasons. This hotel always tries to upgrade its spg guests and thank you to Sari Gomez for upgrading us to a club suite for our special occasion and we enjoyed the chocolates.The hotel facilities for London are great and the spa ,indoor swimming pool and fitness centre are first class..Restaurants  while expensive are a delight and the club room very adequate.You can't beat the location and we found the staff very friendly and helpful.",Date of stay: November 2011,5.0
1936,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1935-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great Location & Questionable Service,"We stayed at Le Meridien twice within a week - first from Saturday to Tuesday, and then again from Friday to Saturday.  On our first check-in, Maxime at the SPG Gold/Platinum Member Services desk was friendly, delightful and efficient. Although I do understand that the hotel is historic, the bathroom of the room that we stayed in had a toilet where when using it, you were hitting your knee up against the sink slab (and I am an average height individual at 5'6"").  Also, housekeeping did not replace the cosmetic pads/ear buds etc. and did not provide us with linen change notification cards on two nights - we ended up handwriting notes.  Our second check-in was a prolonged (25 minutes for an SPG platinum member is quite long) and needlessly painful experience.  We were greeted by…",Date of stay: November 2011,3.0
1937,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1935-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","A very average but expensive hotel, with excellent location for tourists","Just recently completed a trip with two seperate stays at this hotel. Review is written from an SPG Plat perspective, but the comments of the hotel are very general/  Location: For a tourist, the location is probably one of the best in London. However, it is a very congested area with lots of car and foot traffic. It is an excellent base location to tour all of London.  Rooms: Was upgraded to a junior club room - fairly large. Pretty plain rooms, dated as well. I had a serious maintenance issue and was moved to a newly renovated room on the 1-floor (second floor). I much prefer the modern renovated rooms. As can be expected from an older hotel, you will get quirky rooms - if you are able, I would ask for a modern room on the first floor).  Club lounge: used for breakfast daily.…",Date of stay: November 2011,3.0
1938,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1935-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Ideal location for threaters, China Town & Oxford St","Having read the reviews about this hotel, I went with an open mind as to what to expect and was amazed at the hospitatilty we received.  Upon arrival, we were upgraded to a 'Club Suite' (special occassion) - I did ask about this upon booking but never thought the hotel would do this so it was a real surprise.  Staff were friendly & helpful (particular thanks to Thomas).  We also got a complimentary bottle of wine & chocs so it made our weekend.    The hotel is about a 1 minute walk from piccadilly tube station - 5 - 10 min walk to most of the threaters & the same for china town & oxford st.  Breakfast was good - good selection to cater for most needs.  Would definitely recommend again - the price may be higher than some other hotels but I guess you pay for the location.",Date of stay: November 2011,5.0
1939,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1935-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Worst 5 Star Hotel,"To call itself a 5 star hotel is beyond a joke, they should really be ashamed. I travelled with my family (two children under 5) and booked two rooms with connecting door.   When we arrived, concierge didn't help with luggage because they were too busy in reception chatting. Instead, a member of guest from the hotel helped carry our luggage from the taxis to reception area. Wasn't that nice?!  Reception staff were a bit slow. Took almost an hour to check in, not pleasant with two tired children. We didn't get the rooms with connecting doors. So we spent the first evening in different rooms on the same floor. We did finally get our connecting room a day later, but it was just the hassle of it all.  There was a really damp/mouldy smell on the 4th floor. Something really needs to…",Date of stay: October 2011,1.0
1940,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1940-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Centrally located, walking distance to theaters and Oxford St","We stayed at the Le Meridien Picadilly for two nights on our way to France. The location is great, you can walk to theaters...we even walked to the British Museum (about 15 min). The concierge was very friendly and knowledgable and other staff were also helpful. The rooms are comforable and quiet and ours came with access to the club lounge which provided a self serve continental breakfast and cocktails and hors doevres each evening. Our room was quite large, king bed plus pull out couch. I would recommend this hotel for its proximity to the underground, on-off tourist bus.",Date of stay: October 2011,4.0
1941,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1940-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Just okay...,I got a last minute deal and for the price compared to location I can't really complain.  However even for the the smaller/cheaper rooms it's a shame large hotels don't pay attention to the small details like a correctl stocked tea tray.  All in all okay...,Date of stay: November 2011,3.0
1942,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1940-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Good experience, make sure you get a good room","Just returned from an 8-night stay at the Meridien. Had a very large room with a king bed and couch, so no complaints there (vs. others who have had issues with room size, hence the title of this review). Room was well appointed, in good condition across the board. View was non existent (like a prison yard to quote someone here), but realistically not all rooms in a building can have an excellent view. Food and amenities are excellent, location superb (though crowded, so if you're looking for more of a quiet neighborhood feel don't stay here). Only real concern is front desk staff, which often seemed confused/overwhelmed/unhelpful. Overall I would say that this hotel is solidly in the Starwood pack.",Date of stay: November 2011,4.0
1943,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1940-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Dreadful-  Avoid this hotel,"As an SPG Platinum level member for many years I was very disappointed with the Le Meridien London.  They should really be ashamed.  The room was small, dingy had a prison yard quality view and purely decorative climate controls.  The staff obviously really couldn't be less helpful and about the only thing 5 star about the property was their capacity to charge. If this is how they treat their platinum members, I'd hate to what they have in store for everyone else.  I switched hotels to the Langham which was excellent and about the same price point.  I have never written a tripadvisor review before but was so pissed by the quality of the room for the money and the unhelpfulness and general surliness of the management that I felt it was necessary.",Date of stay: November 2011,2.0
1944,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1940-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Better second time around,"We used our Starwood pts a few years ago and were put in the most horrifying room we have EVER stayed in. Service was horrible to boot. After our review, noone bothered to make amends. Since we loved the Piccadilly location, we wanted to give the hotel another try this year. I wrote to the reservations mgr and recounted our last fiasco there. No reply! So I wrote to the new hotel mgr.. He was travelling and immediately got his assistant to reply. We said we didn't dare use our points but wanted to pay for a room, but only if we could be assured we wouldn't  get the same room we had years ago. The assistant was lovely and assured this would not happen. She assured us that they would take care of us this time.  The hotel itself has undergone a facelift and had a newer, modern feel…",Date of stay: June 2011,4.0
1945,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1945-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Classic London, great location, fantastic indoor pool!","This classic hotel has refined British ambiance, a wonderful harp and violin tea, a sunny marble, brass and sky-lit rooftop breakfast room...all in the heart of London at Picadilly Circus.  Walk everywhere and make sure you use the gym, eucalyptus sauna, cold plunge, and indoor pool...such a treat after a day of sight-seeing.   Rooms could have had some better separation from sleeping area to hallway, use a towel to cut out lower door-hallyway light.  The breakfast room was a treat, sun lit, clean, palms, like eating in your own little English Mansion!   Pricey!",Date of stay: December 2010,4.0
1946,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1945-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Good location, lacking in some areas","Pros: as other reviewers have stated, this is a prime location. Very close to theater district, museums, shopping etc. Hotel is old but has been refurbished to some degree. Our room was quite large (we upgraded to their club class or whatever they call it.) Two double beds, small entrance hall, nice large bathroom. Quiet (we looked into a small courtyard that opened to the street).   Staff very polite and helpful with the exception of the concierge. He was a bit offish and not especially helpful. Breakfast and afternoon cocktails were included in our rate. The breakfast was not copious but was satisfactory. The cocktail time was nice with anything you wanted on a help yourself basis along with some uninspired H-Ds. We were supposed to get a daily paper but never did get one.  …",Date of stay: July 2011,3.0
1947,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1945-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Simply wonderful stay - kudos and thanks!,"We just stayed at Le Meridien Piccadilly on a stopover in London, and we were very pleased at how excellent our experience was.  We had booked an Executive Club room with free internet (not wifi) and access to the Club Lounge on their website from the US, and when we checked in, we requested an upgrade if available since we were traveling with a child.  The manager very kindly upgraded us to a junior suite which was a spectacularly huge room, with high ceilings, and enormous and stunning old windows overlooking the busy street front: simply gorgeous.  Bathroom and Italian amenities were nice, and the shower pressure was terrific - just as in the US.  Although the heat didn't work that night, they brought us space heaters which were adequate, and fixed the issue promptly the next…",Date of stay: October 2011,5.0
1948,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1945-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",fab hotel,"Hi just stayed at this hotel, great location, excelllent staff very friendly and helpful, room very big and lovely and clean, breakfast really good, would recommend this hotel.",Date of stay: October 2011,5.0
1949,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1945-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Wonderful location and feels like home,"The first time we stayed here we were on a family vacation.  The Meridien Piccadilly is centrally located and the kids loved seeing London right outside their doorstep.  The rooms are well appointed and the staff is terrific! The other 3 times we've stayed here, one or the other of us was traveling on business.  The hotel is equally comfortable for the business traveler.  Highly recommended!",Date of stay: February 2011,5.0
1950,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1950-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Perfect location, comfortable and great service","I would stay here again for the location alone-- it was so easy to get everywhere we cared about.  We were able to stroll to Hyde Park for the Holiday markets in the evening, Soho for shopping, and down the street to Fortnum & Mason and the Wolseley for a late night dinner.  I am terrible with directions and hesitant to venture out on my own in a new city but had no problems here.  When we arrived I was pleased to discover we were a few minutes walk from Saville row-- I was actually able to order several pairs of custom boots and pick them up a few days later as it was so easy to get to.  Our room was exceptionally large (great for all the shopping bags) with a comfortable bed, the bathroom spacious too.  There was a problem with a lighting fixture, but a quick call resolved it.…",Date of stay: November 2010,5.0
1951,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1950-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",A superior hotel,"The Meridien Piccadilly isn't cheap—no place is in London—but it is a really good, sometimes great hotel. I did not have the experience that some of the others have listed. My room was terrific. In fairness, I'm a platinum Starwood member and they do go out of the way.  Paying to upgrade to club level is well worth it. You can basically eat two meals or at least a meal and a half there. The staff is helpful and warm. The late-night bar is a good place to have a meeting or a drink with a pal.  The location means you can take the subway from Heathrow directly to the hotel without changing lines, a huge advantage. It also saves money in that there's no sense in taking a cab when it's that easy. You are also a five-minute walk from the half-price ticket booth for theater tickets.…",Date of stay: October 2011,4.0
1952,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1950-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Sewer gas,I just got back and on the fourth floor they have sewer gas leaking into the building. You smell it right off the elevator. I woke up to a room so full of it the front desk person started to gag and wouldnt enter when she came  to check it out. they moved me to a room that didnt smell and gave me some points for my experience. The location is great but be sure to check your room first. ,Date of stay: October 2011,3.0
1953,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1950-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","EXPENSIVE, great location! Good staff, nice pool, small room but very comfortable","This hotel is very expensive but it is a very nice hotel.  My Girlfriend booked this for my birthday along with a trip to the theatre.  The location is great, close to everything!!    The service was good and the room clean and of good standard.  Its a great hotel with good facilities but its very expensive.    Apart from the hotel, I had a great weekend and saw a great show.  Its Ghost, so if you have an opportunity to see it, take it.  It will be one of the best musicals you will see!!",Date of stay: September 2011,3.0
1954,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1950-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Very disappointing stay - definitely not 5stars,"I had a very disappointing stay in this hotel. I checked in quite late, and was given the key to a room with an unmade bed and money scattered on top of it. When I went back down to reception to change rooms, they looked at me as if I was making it up. My new room.... one large clump of hair left on the edge of the bath. So at this point I am just not convinced of the cleanliness or housekeeping at all. There was also ubiquitous staining on my curtain. But I was so tired I decided just to stick with the room and sleep.  My other major issue is that for a 5star establishment in the UK - to charge 50pence per minute to use the internet in your room be it via WiFi or laptop... is an absolute disgrace. Such charging is just uncompetitive and unnecessary.  The room was nicely…",Date of stay: October 2011,2.0
1955,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1955-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Suptuous Stay in the very heart of London,"We came up to London for our usual ""birthday"" trip and opted for Le Meridien - it was a good choice!  The hotel was clean, roomy and so central to everything - even had a huge Waterstones Bookshop right opposite and was a few paces from Fortnum and Mason!! Eros and Picadilly Circus, Leicester Square and Covent Garden are all within easy walking distance. Breakfasts were superb, the chaps who got up at crack of dawn to watch the disaster that was England Rugby were treated to ""eye openers"" - a lively cocktail to perk them up for the day ahead!!!  Our room was spacious, clean and comfortable with a massive Queen Sized bed.  Security is HOT!! You are given a card to swipe for entry to room and the lift - and as we discovered, if you try to go to a floor that isnt your own it can…",Date of stay: October 2011,4.0
1956,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1955-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Pleasant Stay,"I enjoyed my stay at Le Meridien. For London, the room are large and well appointed. The staff is helpful and, when necessary, attentive. The minibar is well stocked and I enjoyed the shortbread cookies.  The rooms were noisy. I was originally located on the 3rd floor facing the street. During that time I got only 5 hours of sleep a night, frequently being awoken by recycling trucks, and tavern customers. They moved me to the 7th floor facing an alcove. It was much quieter there.  Here is how they could improve their service:  1) when a business traveler checks in from overseas, they should figure out a way to provide a quiet room. New windows with more sound insulation would help.  2) Don't make promises and then forget them. When I checked in to my second room, it was missing…",Date of stay: October 2011,3.0
1957,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1955-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",A lovely hotel right in the heart of London,"I sayed here for a week - my room was lovely with real furniture, very homely and a very comfortable bed. The breakfasts were lovely however a little expensive. The staff were very helpful. The bar in the basement was a very relaxed place to enjoy a drink. the location is perfect for both business and pleasure in London.",Date of stay: September 2011,4.0
1958,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1955-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Nice hotel, perfectly located","Booked a night using last minute.com (described as ""Chic Hotel in the heart of the West End - 5* - London)  We had a lovely room, far bigger than many I've stayed in London.  Location is perfect for the west end.  Overall very happy with our stay.",Date of stay: October 2011,4.0
1959,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1955-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Nice pool and health club,"Going to a comedy show on Friday night (30/09/2011) in Soho so booked a night in this hotel using Lastminute.com. Check in was smooth. Checked into our room ( number 615) and found possibly the largest bed we've ever seen. View wasn't much at all. Good wardrobe space, with ironing board and iron. Desk in the room, as well as a separate comfy chair and TV.   Bathroom - disssapointing. Looks in need of updating and was a very odd design. Felt very cramped and awkward. Towel rail was broken. Shower/bath was good, although still could do with updating.   Didn't spend time in either the bar or the restaurant as head reservations elsewhere.   Following morning: didn't stay for breakfast, but instead made the most of the complimentary health club facilities and went for an early…",Date of stay: September 2011,4.0
1960,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1960-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Pretty average stay,"Can't complain about the location--right in the middle of the action in Piccadilly.  Rooms however were hit and miss; I had a rather large room but my business colleague's room was effectively an overpriced closet.  We were both SPG members so not sure why the discrepancy.  Concierge service was good, we used them to get us tickets to Billy Elliot the day of and had no problem.",Date of stay: November 2010,4.0
1961,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1960-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Neither 5* room nor service,"Booked a night using last minute.com (described as ""Chic Hotel in the heart of the West End - 5* - London) but, as per Paul R's recent review, paying a low price resulted in getting a poor room.  Ours was opposite the lifts overlooking the reception.  Clean and tidy, but couldn't have swung the proverbial cat.  The quality of the room was expected (thanks Paul) but the extremely long time to check in and out wasn't.  Mumbled apologies on check in but no hint of sorrow for it taking just under 20 minutes to check out.  Will try elsewhere next time.",Date of stay: October 2011,3.0
1962,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1960-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",have realistic expectations,"I stayed here over night for work this week.   If you are paying under €200 for a room in this hotel you are going to get - as I did - one of the smaller, darker rooms at the back with the giant air conditioning tubes, no view and a shower in the bath with a horrible plastic shower curtain.  It is fine for an overnight but if you are looking for treat - expect to pay more.",Date of stay: September 2011,3.0
1963,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1960-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",No Complaints,After reading the reviews for this hotel I was slightly apprehensive about booking it. However as I like to form my own opinion I booked it anyway as part of a theatre break for my mum and I.  We were not disappointed. The hotel is wonderfully situated near Piccadilly Circus and is only a short walk from Fortnum and Masons. On approach it has a grand appearance and the architecture is breathtaking and should be admired.  We were met by a bell boy who took our cases into Reception. Though our room was not ready (check in time is 3pm and this was 1pm) the friendly and amiable Receptionist said she would prioritise it and it would be ready within the hour. As it turned out we got caught up shopping and having afternoon tea in F&M and so didnt return until 5pm to find our room was…,Date of stay: September 2011,5.0
1964,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1960-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",A Super 5 Star Hotel in a wonderful location,"After our experience in the Park Lane (see separete report), it was simply ""Paradise"". We were treated in the most curtious manner, looked after very nicely and my wife and I can only highly recommend this hotel a a wonderful place to stay in - super location, nice confortable rooms, wonderful staff and everythinf thatn one expects and wishes from a 5 Star hotel, and possibly more!",Date of stay: September 2011,5.0
1965,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1965-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Enjoyed this,"We decided to travel into London and catch a show on a Saturday evening and decided to use the 'mystery hotel, being advertised on LastMinute.com which advertised a 5 start hotel close to the West End. Once we had paid the £149  for the mystery hotel, the name was revealed and of course we turned to TripAdvisor to see reviews. We were not sure what to expect , there having been quite a mixed bag of experiences from fellow travellers, but all in all we were very happy. Exiting from Exit 3 at Piccadilly tube station, the hotel was a mere 100m away and looked really grand. We arrived at about 13:50, knowing the official check in time was 14:00 but this was not a problem - the check in was friendly and excellent and the room was available. The room was fine...probably not 5stars…",Date of stay: September 2011,4.0
1966,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1965-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Excellent location, but...","You cannot fault the hotel's location, which is by far and away the best part of the property. But, I did have some issues. For example, the 'Sounds of Nature' audio loop in the elevators often played sounds of the sea, making me want to visit the toilet, I would even call it psychological torture. The rooms were decent as was the toilet, but felt a bit cramped, although that is standard fare for any downtown hotel. I was a bit disappointed with the food, but I was part of a group from India, so maybe that was part of the reason.",Date of stay: September 2011,3.0
1967,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1965-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Better than dossing on the street,"5 stars? Really?  How many 5 star hotels have shower curtains? Bathroom definitely needs a makeover. Way overdue.   Room plenty big enough but ""tired"" and noisy due to aircon and fans from kitchen.   Bar was pretty uninspiring.   Excellent gym and spa",Date of stay: September 2011,2.0
1968,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1965-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Bad service,"I'm a Starwood property fan - I love their hotels around the world, and almost all the chains - St. Regis onwards to the Westins and the Ws and the Sheratons. The Le Meridien chain, however, I only frequent when I don't have a choice, because without doubt, I get snooty and patchy service.  The one at Piccadilly was no different. We stayed for around 10 days here. The room was fine, the breakfast was good in range of options, not so on the taste. The Terrace restaurant overall was really pretty and the dinner service+menu was really good. But wherever we needed people interaction, the hotel fell flat. Sebastian at the front desk, for instance, was an absolute passive-aggressive nightmare. The front office manager tried to help, but he seemed like he was out of practice even…",Date of stay: September 2011,2.0
1969,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1965-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Worst hotel I have ever stayed in,"Absolutely shocking hotelbwith poor service, old rooms and overpriced",Date of stay: September 2011,1.0
1970,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1970-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",High price but good value,"In London it is hard to find good value if you are looking for north american standards.  Being a starwood preferred platinum member my review is tainted a bit.  I found the staff extremely friendly, the location great and the hotel pleasing.  I was there when it was very busy so there was no upgrade available. i suspect I got a basic room at the hotel.  The rooms are well appointed but not big by north american standards; a good size if comparing to hotels in the UK.  ",Date of stay: June 2011,4.0
1971,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1970-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great Hotel Great Location,"This hotel is in a great location at Piccadilly Circus and near Leicester Square which is close to an assortment of great restaurants, shops, coffee shops, and bars.  All rooms have been updated.  The hotel bar is a fun and busy place to catch a quick drink at the end of the day or before going out on the town. We really enjoyed staying at the Le Meridien in London.",Date of stay: September 2011,5.0
1972,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1970-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Location, location, location",We stayed at Le Meridien Piccadilly on points.  The room we got was somewhat renovated but being in an old building it was to be expected that things like the floor and doors creaked.  The concierge were very helpful and gave us restaurant suggestions and sightseeing ideas.  The one thing they couldn't do anything about was the drizzling rain that happened all three days we were in London.   What you are paying for is the location.  Many major sights are in walking distance.  There were a lot of other tourists when we went in July so the streets were quite crowded making it difficult to get around.  The major shopping district is within walking distance too.  Loved Hamley's toy store.   My major complaint was that you would have to pay for internet access and it was very…,Date of stay: July 2011,4.0
1973,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1970-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Tired, tired, tired, and...asleep and puny","Well, where to begin??  A self-proclaimed ""five star"" hotel that: 1.  Doesn't have any heat in the middle of September when it is 60 degrees in London? 2.  Cannot make change at the front desk for a 5 pound note into 1 pound coins, so sends you to the concierge, who has to ask the doorman if he can make change? 3.  Doesn't have anything fresh on the dessert menu--only ""cheesecake, ice cream, and  chocolate cake""--even if you beg? 4.  Charges 459 pounds, plus VAT, for all these privileges??  Well, be a sucker if you want, but this is a tired old hotel--the rooms are fusty--mine has  a chandelier that Ethan Allen would have rejected in 1975--as well as plumbing that can  only be described as ""state of the art 1969"".  For example, the (gold-plated?) plumbing is  worn off and one…",Date of stay: September 2011,1.0
1974,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1970-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",THE ROOMS ARE TINY AND NO SEPERATE SHOWER,Sorry but for me  this is not a great place. Check in a nightmare if busy you have to wait forever.Romms very small and do not have seperate shower ...It's a stand in the bath job no descent breakfast some funny loung for a bun fight All this with london prices ...not for me.  Wouls rather pay more and get the real thing. Postion good but so are many other hotels around this area...check them out first Oh and another thing i could only get Wi Fi if i stood outside my room....rubbish,Date of stay: July 2011,2.0
1975,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1975-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Wonderful hotel in great location!,"We had a great stay using my SPG points.  The staff was friendly and the rooms were really nice.  You can't beat the location for sightseeing!  Unfortunately,  we were on the go a lot so we didn't get to take advantage of any features of the hotel.  They did provide me with a converter since mine was in my luggage which was lost.  I would definitely stay here again.",Date of stay: May 2011,5.0
1976,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1975-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent hotel in a great location,"We recently spent a weekend in London and chose the Le Meridien Piccadilly. We arrived in the morning and I did expect that we had to leave our bags and return later on to get our room, but what a surprise: At 10.30AM we were not only welcomed in the most friendly way I have ever experienced in Europe, but also upgraded to an Executive Suite as our assigned room had not been ready yet. Excellent customer service, very very friendly and already a positive impression.  The room was huge with a quite bedroom, two bathrooms and a separate living/dining room. Everything was nicely decorated, even though some items needed small repairs. But in general we very much enjoyed the room.  The Club Lounge was outstanding, the staff there very friendly, the food and beverage selection at…",Date of stay: September 2011,5.0
1977,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1975-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Taking the Club upgrade made our vacation better,"The service was very attentive, the room a good sized one, although very little space for clothes. Location is the best with connections to the whole city at your hand.",Date of stay: August 2011,4.0
1978,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1975-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Same bad experience at Le Meridien,"Before booking this hotel I called SPG office. The booking agent convince me that this Le Meridien will provide me a better experience than their Shanghai one.(I have had the worst hotel experience there)  Yes, the staff are friendlier. Their bathroom (our room 408) has the same mold problem. The thick caulking and the smell is good evidence of that. I wonder when they will start installing air fan in their bathroom, rather than wasting money to pipe in the TV sound into the bathroom (No, the TV is in your bedroom) Our bathroom is so small that it measured 5'X7""., with the narrowest point less than 4 feet. Every time  flushing the toilet, I have to push the lever with a finger after slide my hand through the tight space  underneath the vanity . It was such a challenge!   Toilet…",Date of stay: September 2011,2.0
1979,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1975-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Fabulous hotel in a great location,"We stayed at the Le Meridien Piccadilly for 3 nights.  We checked in at noon after an overnight flight and the hotel was able to provide us with a room right away which was a bonus.  The staff said they try as hard as they can to provide the rooms as early as possible which was comforting.  While checking in they also offered a plug converter since we were from the states which was thoughtful.   The rooms were spacious with comfortable beds.  We were told that we were ""upgraded"" and I believe our bathroom was the part of the room that was the ""upgrade"" as it was HUGE!  Free internet - always a plus.   We are Sheraton members, therefore we had access to the concierge lounge which was fabulous -- lots of breakfast options, tea, coffee, water accessible all day and ""happy hour""…",Date of stay: August 2011,4.0
1980,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1980-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great Girls' Weekend in London,"My lovely sister took me to London for my Mother's Day gift this year and put us up at the Le Meridien Piccadilly for four nights.  She paid for two nights with cash and two nights with points.  We arrived at the hotel around 11am Friday morning and after asking what was available in the way of an upgrade (my sister is SPG Gold) they moved us from a classic room to a deluxe room.  Not sure what the difference was, precisely, but the room worked out well for us.  It was a decent sized king room (we're twins, we don't mind sharing a king bed since it's so large).  There was a desk, minibar, ample closet space and side chair with table.  The bathroom was large and well appointed.    The room did end up feeling just a tiny bit cramped, so we were glad of the ""upgrade"" and wondered…",Date of stay: August 2011,4.0
1981,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1980-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",We'll be back!,"My husband took me on a two weeks tour of Europe to celebrate my 50th birthday.  Our final stop we stayed at the Le Meridien Piccadilly for four days. We Initially booked at the Park Lane Piccadilly but canceled last minute basted on the review I read from TripAdvisor.  When we arrived at Le Meridien Piccadilly  the room we were given was small, dingy with squeaking floors.  I was very disappointed.  (I felt  I am on vacation the home I live in 365 days does not squeaks, If it did I would repair this problem, why would I pay to stay in a five star hotel in a dingy room with squeaking floor board  and dingy furnishing).  I complained to the executive manager Thomas Duxler who offered us an upgraded to one of The Club rooms.  The Club room did meet my expectations, modern…",Date of stay: August 2011,4.0
1982,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1980-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, walking distance to key attractions","The hotel is at a very convenient location for sight seeing. Trafalgar square is only 10 minute walking distance while Buckingham palace is about 20 minute walking distance. The hotel itself was pretty good with spacious rooms and updated decor. Breakfast in the morning, snacks/tea in the afternoon and supper was free for us because we were starwood gold members. Breakfast and snacks were pretty decent. We did not try the supper options. Plenty of restaurant options including economical options such as McDonalds & KFC within a 5 minute walking distance. The tour bus stop (for the Original tour) is also within a 5 minute walking distance. Do not exchange your currency at the airport or the hotel. There is a currency exchange shop (do not remember the name) on the same block as…",Date of stay: August 2011,4.0
1983,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1980-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great location,"It is a great location. That's it really. The rest is average or just below. The rooms are nice but very small. No real value for money. Internet worked fine and room service was good.  It's clean it's fairly comfortable but it is expensive, better that the park lane sheraton but that is not saying much.",Date of stay: March 2011,3.0
1984,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1980-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",one of the worst hotels i ever stayed in,"Probably the most I have every paid for a room as I was bringing a friend to London as a treat and without doubt one of the worst rooms i have ever stayed in ...made worse by the fact i was not expecting it to be so bad. The room was tiny no space at all , very dark and very dreary , a very old bed and old furnishings .  I had contacted before hand to say i was treating someone so this gives you an insight into the their philosophy.. as in they don't care really what you think of the place. It has one of best locations in london being right beside piccadilly and withing walking distance of so many sights and shopping and tube stations so if that is your only need and you don't mind being ripped off then stay here.",Date of stay: September 2010,1.0
1985,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1985-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","5pm check in (had to wait nearly 3 hours), dumpy room","Thought I'd check it out following renovations. Great location, but wasted on this dump. Starwood members avoid this hotel, stay at much nicer Sheraton park lane or W, both within blocks.",Date of stay: August 2011,2.0
1986,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1985-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",A Great Time,"We stayed here for 3 nights at the end of our England/Wales vacation. The hotel was in a wonderful location within minutes of Piccadilly Circus with all it's conveniences and attractions. Even though there is a lot of congestion and construction in that area right now, our hotel was quiet. All the staff we encountered were very pleasing to deal with and very professional. The room was great, clean and comfortable. TV was good but did not try wifi. There were no problems with anything and we had a great stay here. Hope to someday make it back to London and stay here again.",Date of stay: August 2011,5.0
1987,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1985-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great Hotel!,"This was a spontaneous break and was booked through Lastminute.com as part of the Top Secret Hotel selection where you book the break and then find out where you are staying.  I certainly wasn't disappointed.  The location was perfect, and although the hotel is in the heart of Piccadilly Circus, there was no traffic noise in our bedroom and we enjoyed a restful nights sleep. The room was small, and dark as the window was frosted over stopping us from seeing anything outside, which was a bit annoying as we had no idea what the weather was doing at any time!  However, thats just a little niggle. Our room was comfortable and equipped with lots of little luxuries. The bed was wonderful and much needed after a tiring day of shopping.  Everywhere was very clean and our bathroom was…",Date of stay: August 2011,5.0
1988,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1985-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",A  little disappointing for a 5 star!,"I travelled to London with my mother for the weekend and booked a stay at this hotel as a theatre package. I did have high expectations as it is a 5 star hotel and it cost a lot and was a special treat for the weekend. When we arrived we were advised that no twin rooms were available and would we not take a double. I said no as we had booked a twin. We had to wait about an hour and half in the bar for our room and were only assigned the room when I went back and reminded them we were waiting. Nobody really seemed too concerned about this. At this stage we had to rush and skip dinner to ensure we got to the theatre to collect our tickets in time for the show. The room we got was decent enough, furniture quite dated and overlooking the glass roof of the breakfast/restaurant area.…",Date of stay: May 2011,3.0
1989,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1985-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Mixed bag, located square in midst of London's Times Square equivalent","This is a hard property review since the pros and cons are pretty distinct and can offset each other.    Pros: fitness area is quite nice with good equipment and a great pool.  Club lounge is nicely appointed with good breakfast options.  Location is central.  Bed is comfortable.  Internet was good when and if it was up and you could navigate to it successfully.  Cons: this is a highly congested area, without a heck of a lot of character (except for its proximity to Fortnum and Masons.  Logistics are odd and inconvenient.  Getting to club level requires switching elevators and a bit of meandering.  Some rooms are ridiculously small and dark.  Service is spotty.  Glasses not cleaned.  Battery compartment cover on remote missing.  Towels sometimes replaced and sometimes not. …",Date of stay: August 2011,3.0
1990,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1990-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",It's all about the location,"The Le Meridien is a perfectly nice hotel - clean rooms, cool lobby, all the basics you'd expect from a decent hotel.    BUT - really, let's be honest - it's all about the location, which is really about as good as it gets when it comes to being centrally-located in London and having the ability to walk everywhere (really, you barely have to hop on the tube from this location).    You'll have a clean and comfortable place to stay here, but without any special additional touches that might distinguish a top hotel.  If you're staying here you're doing it for one reason: the location.  And that's a perfectly good reason!",Date of stay: March 2011,4.0
1991,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1990-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",haven't even gotten there and hate it already,"I was going to London for business and booked this hotel online with no problems.  Then i was told that our trip was cancelled so I cancelled the room with no problems.  But then the trip was back on again and I booked via phone reservations 3 days in advance and was asked for my credit card information and was not told it was PREPAID and no refund if there were any changes.  Of course, there were changes and they REFUSED to give me my money back despite over 48 hours notice.  They refused to budge and offered no flexibility.  They must be hard up for guests if they have to ensnare them this way.  Oh, and the rate went up by over 70 pounds and they said they I had to prepay to lock in the low rate?!  Well how come the first reservation was lower and I didn't have to prepay? …",Date of stay: August 2011,1.0
1992,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1990-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",always good experience,"When I am in London, I always pick Le Meridien Piccadilly for obvious reasons, centrally located, excellent standard (as SPG platinum and regular guest, I always get upgraded to nice room) and very welcoming hotel staff.  Always good if you book Club room so you will get free access to the lounge where you could enjoy quiet breakfast and afternoon tea.  If Le Meridnen is booked, try just down the street, Sherton Park Lane. Hotel is bit oldish, but nice location directly next to the park.",Date of stay: August 2011,4.0
1993,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1990-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Comfortable, quiet rooms in the heart of Piccadilly.","We chose this hotel based on the location and our desire to be able to walk most places we wanted to visit. It was perfect for that. We were within walking distance to most of the popular sites in London. We prefer to walk and see the cities where we stay. We did take the Tube on a few occasions, station was very close by, easy to use.   Amazingly quiet room for being in such a busy area. Spacious rooms with plenty of space for luggage and relaxing. Staff was friendly and helpful. Even ave us tips on how to access free wifi at the local coffee shops and cafes. Two were within a block of hotel. I am still amazed that the mid to higher end hotels still charge for wifi when most of the lesser hotels offer for free. Pret A Manger restaurants are all over the city and most offer free…",Date of stay: July 2011,4.0
1994,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1990-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Amazing Experience,"I was delighted with my stay at Le Meridien Piccadilly.  While I was initially apprehensive about staying so close to Piccadilly Square (I worried it was too commercialized) the location of the Hotel was perfect for me.  I loved walking through the neighborhood and seeing so many unique sites along the way.    From the moment I booked my room at the Hotel I found the service top notch.  I had the pleasure of staying in a newly renovated room on the first floor.  It was very quiet in the floor which I appreciated as a business traveler.  The new room was designed in a tres chic way without being too ""trendy"".  The bed was very comfortable and I fell head over heals crazy in love with the pillows.  The bathroom was really well done designed - while not huge they were a good size…",Date of stay: June 2011,5.0
1995,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1995-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Very Nice Hotel,We stayed in a Junior Suite using Starwood points.  It was actually 2 different rooms with one bathroom.  My family of 4 stayed here comfortably.  The couch turned into a single bed and they brought in a rollaway for the second child.  Both chhildren found the beds comfortable.  We had access to the Executive Lounge with the room.  It was great for a light breakfast and snacks during the day.  The staff was all great except for the concierge.  They acted irritated when you asked for help.  Their answers were so vaque and unhelpful.  The never offered to map anything out etc.  They were the ONLY bad thing about this hotel.  Our room was recently redone.  I am ot sure about all the rooms.,Date of stay: June 2011,4.0
1996,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1995-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great location and staff.,"The location was perfect for the tube, restaurants, shopping and the theater.  It is also walking distance to Buckingham Palace, Trafalgar Square and museums.  The room was fine with a nice bathroom. We really didn't spend much time in the room since the surrounding areas had so much to offer.  If available with the room choice, the continental breakfast, afternoon tea and early evening  snacks were terrific and saved a lot of time, especially when having to meet a tour or wanting an early start.  The staff was friendly and very helpful.  We would definitely return.",Date of stay: December 2010,4.0
1997,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1995-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great choice,"I was prepared to write a bad review of this hotel. The Starwood booking process didn't go well. Fortunately, they did their best to make things right and recovered nicely.   The location is an ideal launchpad for many activities in London. It's easy to take the Heathrow Express to Paddington Station, then the tube to Piccadilly. A short walk from there to the hotel. Many restaurants in walking distance from the hotel. There are always cabs in front of the hotel.   The lobby and common areas are gorgeous. The rooms are modern, but retain the syling cues from the original building, so you always realize you're in a grand old building.   This hotel will be among our top choices for future visits to London. ",Date of stay: August 2011,4.0
1998,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1995-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Disappointing,"Fabulous location with tons of shopping and a tube entrance nearby. Traffic was very heavy due to road construction so taxis were difficult to come by. The bathrooms are ridiculous. The sink was the size of a pie plate with no counter. You couldn't even bend over to dry yourself off due to the tiny size. No closet space. The power popped off every time we tried to use their hairdryer. It's the 21st century, could you at least update your electrical to handle today's modern conveniences! There was only one operable outlet in the whole room so between a computer, charging a cell phone or camera battery, and trying to dry one's hair, it was definitely a chore and extremely inconvenient. The front of the tub literally fell off when you closed the door. The carpet was stained and the…",Date of stay: July 2011,1.0
1999,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or1995-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Location, Location, Location","Le Meridien Piccadilly scores high on location – steps away from shopping, theatre, dining, and underground transportation. Room is small, but the comfortable bed is a good trade off. Hotel seems poorly ventilated. It was quite stuffy in the room, bathroom & hallways. Recommend that you turn on room a/c to keep the place airy.  Unlike most Meridien brands (or other hotels for that matter), this location does not offer free internet from guest computer stations. This is quite a shame, especially since free wi-fi or internet should be standard in 5-star hotels.  Staff is quite attentive & friendly, always smiling and acknowledging guests. However, when I did ask a question about taxi tipping etiquette in London, I did not get a clear answer. Would expect knowledgeable staff at…",Date of stay: July 2011,3.0
2000,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2000-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great combination of location and services,"My wife and I spent 3 nights at the le Meridien Piccadilly prior to a cruise and one night after in June 2011.  We had also stayed there once several years ago.  The location is fantastic for the tourist being walking distance to SOHO, the National Gallery, Parks, Whitehall, and many other sights.  The staff were always on their toes when we had several requests for them, ranging from an extra luggage rack to arranging a car for us.  We opted for a ""club room"", which was definitely worth the upcharge:  free internet access, access to the ""club"" room itself, and probably a slightly larger room, generous by London standards.  The ""club"" itself provides a perfectly adequate (or better) breakfast and is open late afternoon/evening for snacks and beer/wine.  You could make a light…",Date of stay: June 2011,5.0
2001,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2000-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",CLASS ESTABLISHMENT,"Extremely well situated, quiet room thanks to the double insulated windows for a busy intersection.  Beautiful amenities, good size rooms, great service.",Date of stay: July 2011,4.0
2002,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2000-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great Location and Service,Perfect location and very attentive service.  Would definitely stay here again.,Date of stay: July 2011,5.0
2003,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2000-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",This was our first stay but we definitely will be back,We stayed at the hotel for two nightsand on the first night experienced a few problems. I relayed this to the duty manager David McNamara the next morning and was extremely impressed with how the issue was dealt with by both David and the food and beverage manager Roberto. We travel regularly and I can honestly say that I have never had such an attentive and comprehensive  response to a problem. The location of the hotel is excellent and the staff very helpful and friendly.The hotel has all the feel of a 5* without the stuffiness we have  experienced in other London 5 * hotels. We will certainly return.,Date of stay: July 2011,5.0
2004,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2000-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Incredible hotel,"A fantastic hotel in a great location, very friendly and helpful staff, great atmosphere and facilities, you really couldn't ask for more in central London",Date of stay: July 2011,5.0
2005,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2005-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great location and helpful staff,"I found the Le Meriden to be a good central point for seeing the city.   It was within walking distance of Pic Circus, Trafalgar, and theatre district.    The concierge, bell, and desk staff were all extremely helpful as well.    Consider staying here.   The rooms were clean, the bed was nice, the location good, and the staff cheerful.",Date of stay: June 2011,4.0
2006,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2005-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Highly recommend,"We stayed for 5 nights and loved this hotel.  The location is super convenient -- an entrance to the tube station is steps away.  As a Platinum Starwood member you enjoy complementary breakfast, afternoon tea and evening snacks (which is so convenient and such a money saver).   Fortnum & Masons is across the street.  You can walk to shopping on Oxford Street. Hop to it service attitude from cleaning and front desk staff.  Plan to return on my next trip to London.",Date of stay: June 2011,5.0
2007,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2005-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great suites and service,Le Meridien is based in the booming center of London about a two minute walk from the underground. The service is both funny and extremely helpful. The rooms are gorgeous and have extremely comfortable beds.,Date of stay: April 2011,5.0
2008,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2005-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Nice hotel but overpriced !,"The  room was adequate but the en suite bathroom was very small. Everything was nice and clean , however as we were fairly late rising on Sunday morning our room was not attended to ,so we returned after a day out to find unmade beds - a knock on the door at 5.30pm by a chamber maid was too little too late and I sent her away!  I had to ask for clean towels to be sent up to the room too. Overall the hotel is very nice but not worthy of five stars - the breakfast at £22 each is outrageously overpriced ,as in my opinion was the whole expeience. There are similar cheaper hotels nearby which offer the same location and high standards but at half the cost. For this reason I would not recommend the hotel as I do not believe it to be good value for money.",Date of stay: July 2011,4.0
2009,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2005-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great! The place to go when in London!,"Great location, very friendly and helpful staff, beautiful and large room, good breakfast and dinner. The resting area around the swiming pool is a little bit to small. But, anyway highly recommended! ARI Luxembourg",Date of stay: July 2011,5.0
2010,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2010-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Aweful - makes Fawlty Towers look like paradise,"There is only one good thing to say about this hotel - the location is fantastic. Everything else about this place is a disgrace and a stain on the Le Meridien brand.  Here are some of the lowlights: - small cramped rooms with tiny wardrobes, no shelves and not even a spot to open your suitcase (what is presented as ""heritage charm"" on the website actually make this building completely unsuitable for an alleged 5 star hotel) - light leaks around curtains so if you need complete darkness to sleep you are out of luck (especially with the long London day mid-summer) - paper thin walls where you can hear everything going on next door, above and below you - lots of traffic noise from main street location - clueless staff, many with poor english - zero care demonstrated by management…",Date of stay: July 2011,1.0
2011,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2010-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",An experience in Hotel Hell !,".Meridien Piccadilly London Hotel an experience in hotel hell.  My experience was that the Meridien Piccadilly London has a great location, very poor air conditioning, dark, poorly and unpleasantly lit rooms , at least one Club room on a Gold Preferred Guest floor which had only eight inch port hole windows at belly button level and which created the sense of being in a prison cell, inability to deliver a pre-ordered mini fridge even after agreeing at check-in to do so,  bathroom shower controls so modern in design that their operation could not be figured out over a 7 night stay, a flush  and pray toilet which groaned and flushed begrudgingly on a hope and pray basis.    Our reservation was made 2 months in advance with specific request for a mini fridge in  addition  to or in…",Date of stay: June 2011,1.0
2012,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2010-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Very nice and would return,"We stayed for 3 nights and were upgraded to an Executive Suite. There were 4 of us and the front desk and mgr were nice enough to accomodate us in that room. The room had one bathroom (some of the suites have 2) and was very comfortable, though the floor squeaked loudly in a few places.  We had lounge access and ate breakfast there and snacks, I would say it had a pretty good selection of items.  The location is very convienent to most sights though the road it is on is very busy and undergoing some construction, probably to get ready for the the Olympics.  I can't really speak to the value of the room as we were on a points stay.  We took a taxi to the Gatwick airport when leaving and I would recommend getting there some other way as it cost us about 130 pounds on a sunday…",Date of stay: July 2011,5.0
2013,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2010-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Do Not Stay at this Hotel,"This is probably the worse 5 star hotel in London. In fact, to call it 5 star is stretching the truth some distance.  The lobby is cramped, cheaply furnished and shabby.  The hotel bar is tiny and no where near luxury standard.  Front desk staff are all eastern european who have no idea about the area and were rude at times.  One staff member who spoke broken english did not even know the name of the hotel bar and tried to send us down the street.  When I suggested she ought to be better informed I was scolded by her colleague who noted ""she has only been at the hotel a month"". So it takes more than a month to know the name of your own bar?  Come on!  The hotel is clearly overrated and overpriced and I would strongly recommend against it.",Date of stay: July 2011,1.0
2014,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2010-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Didn't get the rooms as we booked for!!!!!,"We made the booking through booking.com, reversation code 505606411, check in on yesterday the 5th July. Our booking was meant to be one Deluxe Double Room and one Club Double room (which is a bigger room that has a sitting area). On the booking We made with booking.com, it have stated clearly that both of this room should have have access to the Club lounge for breakfast, drinks, and canapés, etc.   When we checked in, the hotel has not have a Club room available so they put us in two Deluxe Double Room. After we complained about this, they agreed to lower the rate of the room was meant to be club room to the same rate as the double deluxe. However, if they do that, they would take the advantage off our rooms, which is both rooms will no longer have access to the Club Lounge.…",Date of stay: July 2011,1.0
2015,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2015-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",An amazing stay!!!!,I went to London with my husband and we loved our stay there!!!!! The hotel's location is perfect next to the metro station in the Picaddilly Circus!!!! But in this hotel we loved the unbelievable breakfast!!!! It's the best we'd ever had!!!! We'll definetely stay there again!!!,Date of stay: May 2011,5.0
2016,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2015-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Understated Elegance In The Heart Of London But SPG Members PleaseTake Note,"My husband and I stayed here for a quiet romantic night after a lively London sightseeing vacation with friends and before returning  to Dallas the next day.  I do think Le Meridien Piccadilly is an elegant, boutique style hotel that offers a welcome and tranquil refuge from the hurly burly of Piccadilly Circus outside.  We had actually stayed here a few years ago before the renovations and I think the new decor is an improvement - stylish and chic but not uncomfortably pretentious like W.  We enjoyed the swimming pool and jacuzzi in the charming underground spa - all mirrors and blue tiles.  It's very unusual for a central London hotel to have a facility like this.  We also enjoyed lovely complimentary afternoon tea and early evening hors d'oeuvres with drinks in the club…",Date of stay: June 2011,4.0
2017,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2015-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Incredible 5* location,"Being British we thought it high time that we 'do' London to see what all the fuss is about. Please do not try and drive up to this hotel- nowhere to park/unload- you can  however get good parking deals on the internet in advance if you plan to drive into London, so you can park within a 10 min. walk radius. So, the lobby is nice, no problems at check in, the rooms are fairly small but attractively furnished, the bathroom we had was nice  (no complaints), but that's all been said before. Long wait for check-out (we couldn't believe there wasn't an express check-out option), gorgeous pool in basement, outrageously priced mini bar (£4.50 for a can of coke) when there are plenty of shops and cafes within 200 metres. The location is insanely central- we walked absolutely all over.…",Date of stay: August 2010,4.0
2018,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2015-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Rude staff and terrible bathrooms,While having stayed at the Le Méridien several times before and hanging in there for the renovations to complete I can say nothing but I am very disappointed.   I encountered a very rude duty manager while staying when simply asking if I could be placed in a room with a newly renovated bathroom on my next visit. It was a take it or leave it attitude even when I pointed out that my bathroom was falling apart and dirty.   I will not return again and take my business to the fabulous looking W Hotel down the road.   ,Date of stay: June 2011,2.0
2019,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2015-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Fabulous location. Small rooms.,"We stayed here for a weekend in June, having booked on last. minute.com. The best thing about this hotel is the location. It is very central, 5 mins walk to Leicester Square. Despite it's central location, the noise levels weren't too bad- except for the ongoing building work outside! The rooms were small and the bathroom tiny. Not what you'd expect for a five star hotel. We didn't have breakfast there but did use the spa which was lovely. If you want a central hotel this is perfect but if you paid five star prices I think you'd be a little disappointed!",Date of stay: June 2011,3.0
2020,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2020-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great location and good London accomodation,"I stay in London quite often for work, but booked Le Meridien as we wanted something more central for a personal stay with theatre and nightlife planned.  The location of this hotel is SUPERB!  Minutes walk from Piccadilly, Regent Street, West End Theatres, and tube stops.  The staff were very friendly and accomodating (and we booked a ""last-minute"" type deal and the front desk never batted an eye).  The concierge was lovely and very friendly.  When he was helping us, he devoted his attention and care.  As for the rooms - typical London size (not huge by any standards).  We stayed in room 615.  The bathroom was definitely on the small size, but clean and the bath towels were massive.  There was a fair size cupboard and coffee making facilities.  The bed was ACE!  Typical SPG…",Date of stay: June 2011,4.0
2021,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2020-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Not a five Star Hotel,"The hotel is centrally located, but beware as there a major roadworks right outside the hotel so taxi journeys are slow, subject to diversions and thus expensive. The reception area is smart and spacious. I do agree with other reviews that the Doorman looked unkept and scruffy. Our Bedroom was a good size and the bed was clean and comfortable.  However, the bathroom was disgusting and was not 5*.  The decor was poor with the tiles and grout needing attention and the bath looked dirty.  We were woken before 8.00 am by the sound of a vacumn cleaner, lots of doors and drawers banging and loud voices where the Housekeeping staff were cleaning the rooms on either side of us.  The Housekeeper knocked loudly on our door at 8.10am to ask if she could clean our room! We felt harassed and…",Date of stay: June 2011,1.0
2022,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2020-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent location; enjoy your room before you grow to adult size.,"Its long renovation having been completed this year, the Meridien Piccadilly is a stylish hotel with an ideal location half a block from Piccadilly Circus. Nothing about it particularly stands out for extra praise, but the staff are friendly, the bedding unusually comfortable, the housekeeping generally very good, and (for what it's worth) the elevators prompt, which is a plus in a rather large property. There's also a large swimming pool and an unusually spacious, up-to-date, and well-equipped gym in the basement.  It's only unfortunate that a tasteful and at times even arty redecorating job can't mask all the quirks of this Edwardian building. Our room was microscopic--so small that its awkwardly tiny work desk was dwarfed by its own chair. More awkward still was the smallish…",Date of stay: May 2011,3.0
2023,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2020-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Not 5 star standard,"There is two positive things about this hotel: its Location, and a nice pool   The hotel has no wow factor the porters were unfriendly and scruffy they prefer to talk among themselves than help me with the door and my luggage  Room was not ready when I arrived at 16.30 had to sit in the lobby for 45mins no refreshments offered  No free wi fi  No free newspapers. When I asked for a newspaper I  was direct to Tesco's I have had better service in a 3 star hotel  In my opinion not worth the money",Date of stay: May 2011,2.0
2024,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2020-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Good hotel, more because of its location than anything else",This is a good hotel but not spectacular. If you are a Starwood platinum you do not get a real upgrade but there is a club lounge which most Meridiens do not have. The restaurant and fitness/spa are nice. The entrance / lobby is an understatement of grand. I wish there was more to say but the only thing I really liked about it was the location.,Date of stay: June 2011,4.0
2025,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2025-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely hotel in perfect location,"I stayed at Le Meridien for around 120 pounds a night as a secret hotel, and for that price at a ***** central london hotel was very pleased. Staff and concierge were extremely helpful. Room was tastefully decorated in classic style and comfortable large bed. The location is fantastic, right in central london. Toiletries and bathrobe and slippers were lovely. Downsides were no views at all, Internet was way overpriced and computerised fridge was annoying as left no room for anything of my own such as water, and a can of coke was five pounds. Would definitely stay again if price was right.",Date of stay: May 2011,4.0
2026,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2025-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent location for sightseeing and shopping,"My daughter and I stayed for 4 nights for her 16th birthday. The location of the hotel was excellent for sightseeing, especially if you plan to use the Underground to get around. The Piccadilly station is 1/2 block away. The hotel is also very central for shopping and entertainment. We bought 1/2 price tickets to Chicago at the TKTS booth in nearby Leicester Square and most theaters seem to be within walking distance. There were a LOT of people out and about (may or may not be what you're looking for), but you can also find quieter streets a block or 2 away. Our particular room was very large (maybe we were upgraded because of my daughter's birthday, or maybe they're all really large, not sure). The Club upgrade was definitely worth it for us, with the breakfast buffet open…",Date of stay: June 2011,4.0
2027,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2025-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Good things about my stay,"Just returned from a week long stay at the Le Meridien that I really enjoyed even though there are some  things that need improvement.  The good:  FABULOUS location just half a block from the Piccadilly metro and within walking distance to almost everything, great beds, OUTSTANDING club lounge that served a huge breakfast till 10:30 which we used as our lunch, afternoon tea and appetizer type food that we used as our dinner for three of the nights which saved oodles on food budget, delightful checkin with Joannna and prompt and efficient housekeeping.  Our room was wonderful, so it must be one of the refurbished ones.  I used Starwood points for a suite upgrade and the two separate rooms were really needed as the rooms are small and the bathroom very tiny.  We are platinum…",Date of stay: June 2011,4.0
2028,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2025-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Needs some love, attention, and English speaking staff (native)","I have stayed in far more superior hotels with only 4 stars.  Room wasn't ready until late, old fashioned furniture, titchy tiny bathroom, no iron/board in room, illogical desk and chair combination so chair wouldn't find tidily underneath the desk so acts as an obstacle on the way tot the bathroom. Bathroom light super bright without a dimmer or low light facility so if you are sharing a room and one of you needs the bathroom during the night, then you are both AWAKE!  Plug didn't fit the bath whatsoever so bath out of use. Called hotel engineer who fashioned something together but it was not ideal.  Ridiculous prices in the bar, and I mean ridiculous!  Jacuzzi out of order.  Needs a facelift, not a great example of a Starwood hotel.",Date of stay: June 2011,2.0
2029,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2025-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",This old gal needs a facelift,"I expect certain things from starwood properties and this did not meet those expectations.  The price is avg for central London and the location is excellent.  That said, it is hard to recommend the place.  I found them understaffed.  I was near the end of trip to several cities and was traveling heavy.  No bellmen met me.  Strike one.  The front desk was very slow including at the preferred guest desk.  I had radically inconsistent information about the cost of a taxi to the airport.  There was often no one to answer the phone when I called down...just lots of little irritating things about what should be excellent service.  The room was large for a European hotel room, but it was smelly, the carpet stained, the toilet - as some here have noted - needs persistent flushing…",Date of stay: June 2011,2.0
2030,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2030-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",VERY POOR,"For £300 per night..forget it. This hotel is smack in the centre of piccadilly which is why it is priced so high. At the moment if you need to get to the west ie: Knightsbridge you have to walk and fetch a taxi from outside the Ritz anyway! Reception were curt on check in, we arrived at 12 noon, left our bags and returned at 6pm whereby our room still was NOT ready. She said she had upgraded but I have sinced check the rates and realised this was not accurate. The decor is dingy, dated, scruffy, the lifts are taped up with black tape over smashed glass. I asked for a newspaper to be delivered twice by concierge and never recieved it, I had to ask them more than once to grab a cab for us (ended up walking to the ritz and getting it there instead) Breakfast was a joke, we were…",Date of stay: May 2011,1.0
2031,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2030-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Perfect location, super correct service, unusually well equipped gym & pool","20 meters far from Piccadilly Square, its location is Perfect. Tube almost at hotel´s door, two blocks from SOHO and its lively day and night, walking distance from Covent Garden and Leicester Square, everything you need is around Le Meridien Piccadilly. The concierge staff is very  kind and helpful, speaking spanish and portuguese.If you exercise everyday, there´s an excellent gym 6 spa, hard to imagine but it´s there! The room is very comfortable, wifi works really well (paid) and amenities are OK. Probably the TV programme could be expanded, there are not too many choices besides news channels and foreign languages. But all in all, excellent choice for business and touristic travel.",Date of stay: May 2011,4.0
2032,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2030-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",mostly positive,"We recently spent 5 nights at the Meridien in Piccadilly and overall would say that our stay was enjoyable. We used Starwood points for a junior suite and paid extra for use of the club lounge. On the positive side, we found all the staff we dealt with were professional and helpful, the lounge staff were particularly a pleasure to deal with. The Club Lounge had an excellent array of beverages and food available throughout the day in additional to the Happy Hour in the evening. As the location is so central it was a perfect place for a quick pick-me-up in between shopping expeditions or sightseeing. The pool was large and deep enough to swim in as well as being mostly empty. I didn't use the exercise room but it also looked well-equipped and the staff in the pool/gym area again…",Date of stay: May 2011,4.0
2033,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2030-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Very nice!,"Location location location!... Situated at the centre of London, next to the Piccadilly station, the hotel has a very efficient staff. They try to make you feel at home and comfortable. We had a smooth check in and a warm welcome by European standards. The rooms are wonderful though they did not have any view. Recommended.",Date of stay: July 2010,4.0
2034,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2030-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Great bed, lousy room, over all good","As part of a weekend trip we stayed atthis hotel. An early check in was no problem, and we were profesional welcomed and checked in. We were told that we got an room upgrate which surprised us because we weren´t memebers of the loyalti programm.  The room turned out to be on the second floor with a window to the Restaurant. It seemed that the window was not really surposed to be there, because i was behind a wall, anyhow the last 40 cm on the top where open so that a little bit day light had the chance to lighten up the otherwise dark room. I´ve never stayed in a room like that before, and surely not in this price range. Two steps up above room levl was the The Barthroom,which was quiet old but otherwise was everthing in place where it should be.  I did not care much about a…",Date of stay: May 2011,3.0
2035,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2035-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Inferior spa for a 5* hotel,"As a treat for after the marathon, my friend & I decided to treat ourselves to a spa day. We were really disappointed as the massage was supposed to be 55 mins & I only had 45 mins. Had a word with the staff & they said they'd have a word with the manager( no one dealt with it) The jacuzzi was out of action...... The was pool cold & the relaxation room very impersonal. It was a shame that this was the case.  The lady staff member in the coocktail bar was very attentive & saved the day. I emailed the hotel to let them know our disappointment, but no response. Probably a large central London hotel doesn't feel the need to worry about this.....",Date of stay: April 2011,2.0
2036,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2035-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Perfection,"We had the pleasure of staying at this hotel for one night on Sat 14th May 2011.   We had booked through last minute as a secret hotel and I think we got an amazing deal.  We arrived at approximately 11.30am so we were not expecting our rooms to be ready so we were pleasantly suprised to be told that they were.    After a smooth check in with the lovely Joanna we headed up stairs to freshen up and leave our bags, only to find our room was definitely not ready! That wasn't really a problem as we were early, so we popped back down to let them know and we were swiftly upgraded and given a complimentary bottle of wine for the inconvenience! First class customer service.   The bar area was lovely and the complimentary snacks were delicious too.  We didn't have breakfast included with…",Date of stay: May 2011,5.0
2037,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2035-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Ave. Hotel except for Name and Location,"We wanted our honeymoon to be special so we decided to stay at Le Meridien. My husband even used up his Starpoints to get free nights.  The location was great and it was convenient to catch a bus, walk to/from a metro station or just walk along the streets (Regent Street just behind the hotel).  We got a bit of special treatment too - a room upgrade and champagne from management. We were also able to use the pool and hot tub which were nice.  However the staff for some reason were quite unfriendly (except the bellboy whom we generously tipped).  The biggest letdown was the concierge (seemed to be always away from his desk and when he was there, he wasn't particularly helpful - from directions to West End tickets - he didn't seem knowledgeable at all).  I feel that it was more of…",Date of stay: March 2011,3.0
2038,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2035-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",A Vast Improvement,"Following a rather critical review last January, hotel management contacted me to suggest I stay at the hotel again. We all make mistakes so I thought I’d give it another try during a swing through London April 5-7, 2011, and I was very satisfied with the results. While my stay wasn’t perfect, it was certainly much better than my laughably bad experience a few months ago. Starting with the positives, the Meridien has an unbeatable location just a half block from bustling Piccadilly Square. It’s a bit like staying near Times Square in NYC. The hotel has one of the better gyms in London and a fantastic swimming pool, sauna, and jacuzzi. Check in was efficient, my room was clean and tidy, and the upgrade to a suite was much appreciated. I particularly liked the breakfast room –…",Date of stay: April 2011,4.0
2039,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2035-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",An oasis of calm with excellent staff and great location,"As noted by many on TA, the hotel is well located (100 yards from the circus and subway) but is a real oasis of calm in the relative cacophony of Picadilly. We stayed at the Le Meridien Piccadilly five nights on Starwood points in April 2011. Even though this stay cost us nothing we were treated as if we had paid the moon for the place. Amanda at the front desk provided a friendly and professional start to a wonderful stay. She upgraded us to club level (as a platinum level Starwood member I am entitled but as I was not paying I did not expect it). The club lounge was one of the best we have encountered in our travels...clean, well stocked and with pleasant staff. Considering how busy London was for the Royal Wedding and how may people we saw in the lounge, it was rare to see an…",Date of stay: April 2011,5.0
2040,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2040-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Good location, average hotel","Good location for the centre of London and at a reasonable price too through Lastminute.com's 'Secret Hotel."" Nothing else really remarkable to say about this hotel.",Date of stay: April 2011,3.0
2041,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2040-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great hotel in perfectly central location,"Would have appreciated knowing in advance that there was work going on at the hotel and that the exterior was covered in scaffolding which spoiled the overall experience, but it is a fine hotel of the expected standard for a Meridien.",Date of stay: January 2011,4.0
2042,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2040-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Very nice business hotel; VERY nice tourist hotel!,"My first time staying at this property, after many stays up upscale business hotels (e.g., Rennaisance Chancery Court) and I must say that I was very pleasantly surprised by this hotel.  Nice sized room, great location, clean and comfortable beds - and this was in the unrenovated floor (they've upgraded all but two).  I was especially impressed by the Club Lounge here - nice evening hors d'ouvres (and free drinks), a very nice breakfast spread, free Internet.   And all of this at a nice price, to boot...which is not easily done in London!  I'll definitely be back!",Date of stay: April 2011,5.0
2043,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2040-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Pleased with our stay,"Fabulous  unbeatable  location , a truly wonderful team and overal excellent  service we received throughout our stay. Was particularly impressed by the generous   offerings at the club lounge for breakfast, afternoon tea and evening cocktails.Loved the warm and personal service from the friendly team at the lounge.",Date of stay: March 2011,5.0
2044,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2040-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Simply Fabulous....5* plus,"Considering this hotel....it is totally fabulous. I have stayed here many times now on visits to the city. It is perfection. Its in an excellent position...so central. The staff are so helpful and friendly and will do anything to make sure your stay is perfect. The barstaff are excellent. The know their stuff and its a joy to watch the mix cocktails. Even if you feel like relaxing in the hotel the bar is an excellent place to unwind with the totally delicious canapes and a nice glass of white. I have stayed in various rooms within the hotel and they were all excellent, spacious with v comfortable beds and beautifully decorated. So if you are dithering....dont, just book it....highly recommended........",Date of stay: February 2011,5.0
2045,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2045-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great Place to stay in London,"This hotel has an excellent location in Piccadilly Circus. It is a 100 feet from the the underground station which has access to the Piccadilly and Bakerloo line. It is a 55 pound taxi ride to heathrow or 45 minute ride on Piccadilly Line.   Hotel has an excellent gym and indoor pool.  The club lounge has great breakfast, afternoon snacks and evening snacks. Holger, the manager runs a great lounge and the staff is excellent.  Front desk staff is excellent as well. They are all courteous, polite, efficient and professional. Drew, Amanda, Sophie were all absolutely wonderful!  The service and location are the big factors that make this hotel great. There are hotels with better facilities, but the staff is amazing. The concierges are great and really know london.  The manager on…",Date of stay: April 2011,5.0
2046,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2045-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Amazing Stay,"Stay here from Mar 23 - Mar 28, 2011.  Booked using starwood points (15400 points for a junior suite).  I m a preferred plus member, wasn't expecting any upgrade but was given an executive suite upon check-in.  All staff are extremely nice. I even borrowed a power adapter from the front desk instead of spending another 4 pounds to get 1 at a near-by store.  Used the swimming pool and steam room.  Changing room is very clean.  Not 1 single person swimming during the 2 times that I went swimming there.  Water is a little cold.  Club lounge is nice, free drinks/breakfast.  Staff is very nice to ask if we have enough to eat before breakfast ends.  Executive room is huge and clean.  1 problem is that piccadilly is really busy and you could hear buses and honking outside the hotel (at…",Date of stay: March 2011,5.0
2047,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2045-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great staff - great location,"I booked a lastminute deal as I needed somewhere central for an evening out. As others have said, this hotel is in the middle of everything yet beyond the entrance it's a quite and calm oasis. Check in was super quick and the staff were so friendly and welcoming - i was able to check in early with no fuss. Room was a decent size and clean - only gripe is older fashioned air conditioning set up - not sure how it will cope in a hot summer but everything else was lovely. I will definitely stay again the next time I'm out in the centre for a night.",Date of stay: April 2011,5.0
2048,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2045-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Unbeatable location/price/quality,"I have stayed at Le Meridien several times over the last few years and it is an excellent hotel. Everything is within walking distance (even the Tower of London if you are feeling energetic). The rooms are superb – large, clean, and, if you get one at the back, extremely quiet.   If you are visiting London for opera, theatre or just to see the sights it is hard to beat.",Date of stay: March 2011,5.0
2049,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2045-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Outstanding location - terrific staff - would stay again,"This hotel is in a super location - walk to the West End theatres, Piccadilly at your doorstep, and the tube around the corner. The upgrades to Club level are a must - breakfast and the late afternoon fare at the Club room are perfect for starting or ending your day. All of the staff were particularly helpful - my wife needed an emergency dental procedure on a weekend - the staff got us to an excellent private dental clinic who were able to save our trip. I couldn't thank them enough.  The lobby area and overall hotel set-up are nice and quite the norm for a city property and the rooms were as expected - no different than staying in new york or any big city.  The big seller here is the location, the cleanliness of the rooms/common areas and the attitude of the hotel staff. I…",Date of stay: December 2010,4.0
2050,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2050-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Good Location, Inconsitent Rooms, Dubious Cleanliness","I am frequent traveller to this hotel and my experiences range from the excellent to the mediocre. The location is fantastic, certain staff members are very professional, yet there are number of issue with the property that need adressing rather quickly. The rooms are inconsistent, and you never know what you are going to get - some rooms are clean and renovated - others are dirty and worn down. Breakfast at the Terrace restaurant is poor for this category of hotel. There are much better options in Mayfair and would therefore recommend that anybody contemplating staying here steers clear and finds an alterantive which shall no doubt be better.",Date of stay: March 2011,2.0
2051,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2050-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Terrific location for shopping, hotel facility is adequate","The hotel location is like that of Times Square in NYC.  It's the heart of London's retail and entertainment offerings.  I prefer an area that is more relaxed and residential.  But none the less, some prefer this Picadilly location and glitter.  The hotel is modern, helpful staff, clean and accommodating.  We upgraded our room for a fee to the club floor; includes more square footage, free in room Internet, bottles of water, and access to the club common area with continental breakfast and pre dinner appetizers and cocktails.  I recommend he upgrade.  Everything in the room works, no complaints.",Date of stay: March 2011,4.0
2052,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2050-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Great hotel, comfortable stay.","We really enjoyed our stay at Le Meridien. The staff was helpful and mostly friendly, fabulous service in the Club Lounge and Concierge desk.   The location is great-- right near a tube stop and Bus stop. Also located in an exciting area for nightlife!   The room was large, clean, and comfortable and the pool and fitness center were a definite highlight as well! The only drawback we experienced were early closing times for the pool and spa-- a little too early to take a dip once you return from a busy day.",Date of stay: March 2011,5.0
2053,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2050-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Get the Upgrade,"My husband and I plus two friends, recently stayed at Le Meredien. I booked the hotel with Starwood points and then decided to upgrade to a Club Room for 70 pounds or about $120. We were extremely pleased with what we received for the extra money. Our Club Room was enormous and lovely. It had two beautiful bathrooms with beauty products in each. The room had a couch, desk, bureaus and full length mirror. The bed was the largest I have ever seen. The night would have been perfect except we were not able to regulate the temperature and the room  (Room #625) was too hot for us. After checking in, we went to the Club Lounge for a glass of wine. The lounge was completely stocked with juices, sodas, beer, wine and water. The appetizers were plentiful and really enough for a meal as…",Date of stay: March 2011,5.0
2054,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2050-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Disappointing - very low quality rooms,"This hotel is the lowest quality Le Meridien I have ever stayed at (out of probably 10 or so I've visited). My primary disappointment was the quality of the rooms, in particular the bathrooms. I was upgraded to a suite, which was very spacious, however the decor and furniture looked like it was from the 70s or 80s, and had not been updated since. All of the furniture was of very low quality -- it made the entire place feel cheap. The exception was the bed, where I did enjoy a good night's sleep.   But the biggest disappointment was the bathroom: old, stained fixtures, dingy gray towels, one of the two lights did not work, and probably most annoyingly, it was impossible to get an appropriate water temperature in the shower. There was also something wrong with the water pressure:…",Date of stay: March 2011,2.0
2055,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2055-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Fantastic Service, Great Location and Good Rooms","THE best part of this hotel is the service.  Everyone is so nice, friendly & helpful.    The rooms were quite nice.  The carpeting could use a steam cleaning, but other than that - it was really good.  The location is convenient to everything.  I will definitely stay here again!",Date of stay: March 2011,4.0
2056,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2055-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Awful - Never again,"In 40 years of business travel, I've never been more disappointed in a hotel.  The room was small, shabby, grubby and freezing cold.  My wife had to wear the only bathrobe in the room in bed to keep warm.  After we complained, the heating was repaired the next night, but the broken heated towel rail meant you had the same wet towels from the previous night. This hotel must base its 5 stars on the prices, because it's certainly  not based on the rooms.  When I booked out and complained how bad it was, the receptionist said we were on the floor that was being refurbished. The receptionist asked why we hadn't demanded a room change.  After the awfulness of the first night, perhaps we should have been offered one... Staff were great, but the hotel has a lot of work to do to get up…",Date of stay: March 2011,2.0
2057,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2055-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Solid Place to Stay,"See my review of the W Leicester Square.  I preferred the Le Meridien hands down.  The Good - service was good.  The staff throughout the hotel were helpful & courteous.  There are umbrellas to borrow downstairs on a rainy day, etc. - lounge - the executive lounge was great.  The service there is awesome, the lady who helped us multiple times was so nice and helpful on helping us get around, etc. - the location - we don't know London well at all but for our purposes, it was centrally located as we were able to walk around the sites as well as Leicester square.  The Bad - unfortunately, the gym was closed while we were there but it was reopening that following week so I guess we just missed it. - the room - I wouldn't say it's bad at all, it was completely functional for our one…",Date of stay: February 2011,4.0
2058,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2055-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely!!,"a cheap deal on lastminute.com found me at Le Meridien Piccadilly. After a stressful journey, I was even award an upgrade to a deluxe room. Stefan at the front desk was perfect  - very pleasant and helpful. lovely room, lovely bed. would stay again. the spa was great too!",Date of stay: March 2011,4.0
2059,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2055-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Good location but poor service,I have stayed at this hotel in the  beginning of March 2011. Unfortunately I am very disappointed with this  hotel for the following reasons:  1. I have asked for 2 connecting rooms 5 days in advance. We have arrived late Friday night to learn that  no connecting rooms are available  at the moment. There was no record of my call according to the lady at the reception desk. My kids are still young enough and two rooms next to each other were essential. After about 30 minutes of search the hotel manager came up with the solution and two rooms across each other  were found. Another  20 minutes and we finally moved in.  2. The next morning brought  a few interesting discoveries. We  found old bloody stains all over the sheets (the pictures are  attached). The hotel management…,Date of stay: March 2011,3.0
2060,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2060-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Can be an excellent hotel... sometimes!,"I have stayed at this hotel on and off over the past 15 years and seen many changes. My last stay, I have to say was one of the best, I was in a recently redecorated bedroom and have to say it was very comfortable, quite small, but I guess that goes with a lot of London hotel rooms. Received a very warm welcome at check-in which isnt always offered in a large hotel. Personally I feel that for all the luxury it is becomming a bit overpriced for what it is, perhaps the hotel should look at what other similar hotels in the area are offering at a lower rate.",Date of stay: March 2011,4.0
2061,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2060-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",I guess location is everything...,I would not stay at this hotel again if it were not for the location and starwood points. the rooms are run down even on the starwood member level.  The decor is tired and generally disappointing for the Le Meridien brand.  The heating was broken the first night we were there and it was 1000 degrees.  The staff denied it at first then corrected it.  However no apology was issued.,Date of stay: February 2011,3.0
2062,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2060-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",best location in town for shopping,"One of the hotel on my shopping list when spending the week-end in London.  What I like, room are clean, new and well decorated, here again I am Platinum with Starwood so cannot guarantee that I got a special treatment, even if I never had good upgrade in this property looking at the size of the rooms).  Rooms I had where always a bit old stylish, but crisp, but housekeeping, is a disgrace for such type of hotel. on 2 different stays,  on 3 occasions, I had to call to get my room cleaned and not at very early time, much more 5PM coming back from a shopping trip, and with the sign please clean the room when leaving the hotel at 10AM.  Otherwise: The pool is very nice Not so keen on the bar, I prefer to use the armchair, and small table located at the entrance of the Restaurant. …",Date of stay: December 2010,4.0
2063,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2060-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Don't Nit-Pick-Wondeful,"Short and Sweet. Was put there by a film company while in London. The Staff was tremendous! I'm a big size man,when the housekeeper saw me leave my room, she changed my robe for a larger one… as they say in London...""Brilliant"". And yes, the rooms are in need of a redo, which I'm sure is going to be done... but such is life.",Date of stay: August 2010,4.0
2064,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2060-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Wonderful hotel right in the heart of London,"We had booked this hotel through Lastminute.com's 'secret hotel' where you only find out which hotel you're going to be staying at once you have paid through the website.   We had read many reviews of this hotel on Tripadvisor and I was dreading it, seeing as it was a 'secret hotel' deal we were sure that we were going to get a rubbish room. We have had a bad experience before with another 5 star hotel in London and was expecting the same.  Location: 2 mins walk from Picadilly Circus tube and Eros...how could this location be better?!  Check in: the main check in area was wonderful, marble floor, black walls and glass. Very modern and chic. Staff upon check in were professional and friendly. Check in was swift and details about breakfast and bars given to us. They offered us a…",Date of stay: February 2011,5.0
2065,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2065-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Stay somewhere else!,This hotel was awful. We went there for our 25th wedding anniversay. We had to change rooms 3 times. One of the rooms we had a heating engineering in our room for 1.5 hours before he told us he couldn't fix the heating. We overheard another couple saying their room was too hot. Save yourseif and go somewhere else!,Date of stay: February 2011,4.0
2066,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2065-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, good service and good room","Managed to book this as a secret hotel on Lastmin at £120 per night (tip the prices come down massively if you can leave the booking until a few days before you travel).   The location is very good just  30m off Picadilly Circus.     The staf f were all very friendly and efficient.  Noticed some -ive comments about the rooms on other reviews but my room was great, looked like it had been upgraded fairly recently, decent size etc and a very comfy bed.   Would recommend.  I've also stayed at the Edwardian on L Square and there's not much between the two.... the spa/pool and price prob swings it in favour of Le Meridien for my next visit.  Only -ive I can come up with was the bill was wrong... but it was resolved quickly and efficeintly once i'd pointed out the error.",Date of stay: February 2011,5.0
2067,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2065-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Go and see the swimming pool!,"You can not get a better location than this hotel, it's a 2 minute walk to Piccadilly Circus yet the hotel was quiet and spacious (compared to other central London hotels I have stayed in). The highlight was the indoor swimming pool and spa. I was amazed by the size of the pool and relaxation room. It's fantastic even in winter to start a tough days shopping and sightseeing with a relaxing swim. The hotel staff were exceptional, concierge very helpful and the room was very clean.  A 12pm check out was also a bonus.",Date of stay: January 2011,4.0
2068,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2065-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Above the line service,"This is an excellent hotel, from it's superb position for central London on regents street to the exceptional service. We stayed here as we we're going to see a musical on Shaftsbury Avenue, we couldn't have asked for a better position. It's right in the center of everything but offers a real oasis of calm and tranquility as soon as you step through the door. It's facilities we're great especially the bar area at night (little pricey but to be expected)   Our stay was made all the better by the excellent staff especially Magdalena on reception who was so helpful. For me this hotel unlike many hotels in London actually deserves its 5 stars.",Date of stay: January 2011,5.0
2069,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2065-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Exquisite Service,"From the moment one enters the property, there are welcoming staff.  The check was perfect and fast.  Continental breakfast in the club lounge excellant-great selection of meats, smoked salmon, fruits, cerials and the regular pasteries.  Downstairs bar in the basement a happening place.  Rooms very comfortable and very quiet.  Location awesome!",Date of stay: January 2011,5.0
2070,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2070-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent Situation,"We stayed here for 3 nights, not having stayed here for a few years. The hotel has been modernised (a bit) and was as efficient and impersonal as you would expect from a hotel in Central London. However unless you're a Starwood (?) traveller you're a bit of a second class citizen here. Check in was efficient enough but with only 2 staff on the desk the wait was longer than it should have been (goodness knows what would happen if a bus load arrived).   Our room (supposedly upgraded to a Deluxe room) was on the larger side of pokey. Despite only my wife and myself using the room there was a made-up put-u-up bed assembled and it took one visit to reception, 3 phone calls and 36 hours to get it removed - oh dear!  We were B&B and breakfast was very good in the conservatory on the…",Date of stay: January 2011,3.0
2071,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2070-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, rooms had a faded elegance","The reception and public areas of this hotel look great.  The rooms are less contemporary and actually quite dated - faded 80's opulence...  The staff were helpful, although some were a little aloof.  We ate in the restaurant where the food was good and staff were very nice.",Date of stay: December 2010,3.0
2072,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2070-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Good hotel,Nice hotel in the middle of town. Rooms and service are good. Best fitness Area,Date of stay: January 2011,4.0
2073,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2070-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Three words: Interim Manager Needed!,"The major problem this hotel has is housekeeping as well as some staff issues: this is highly unfortunate since it is in such a wonderfull location and has many other aspects that would make for an otherwise amazing stay.  Check was friendly and speedy and our Junior Suite was nicely appointed although we were disappointed by the bathroom (bath only), and the bathroom seemed to have been untouched during the hotel’s recent renovations.  Those renovations really come accross like a rushed job, that wasn't gived much thought, given the many cables, too few power ports and elevator synchronising.   We arrived rather late Friday and literally dumped our bags in our junior suite and made our way into the city.  After a good night sleep,  I was disgusted when opening the cabinets in…",Date of stay: January 2011,2.0
2074,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2070-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",One huge problem w/otherwise good hotel,"Attractive hotel.  We experienced very, very good service which I appreciate & of course the location is superb.  We were upgraded to a huge suite which was nice, but here is the problem:  the hotel badly needs renovation.  Some of the rooms have received a partial freshening, which seems to consist of new carpet and very little else.  We chose the large suite over a ""refreshed"" room because it had an additional half-bath.  The furnishings were very, very tired.  Worse, the carpet was so filthy that during our 5 day stay, I literally never had bare feet except in the shower.  Also, the bathroom floor was unbelievably filthy.  It was a grayish-white marble, which I discovered hides dirt very well.  I found that out because I spilled a few drops of liquid makeup on the floor &…",Date of stay: September 2010,3.0
2075,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2075-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Terrible!,"I truly wanted to like this hotel. As a Starwood member, I was expecting 5-star service in what is advertised as a 5-star hotel but was sorely disappointed. Let's start with the good things: location and gym. The hotel has an excellent location near Piccadilly Circus (London's Times Square) so if you want a bustling venue and easy access to theatres & shops, you'll be thrilled. The gym is large, well appointed, and has a swimming pool. It's large enough the hotel has clearly sold memberships to people working in the city so it was busy without being crowded. Unfortunately, this is where the positive review ends. When walking up to the hotel, the entire front of the building is covered in scaffolding so if you want to avoid construction/noise, you should stay elsewhere. Service…",Date of stay: January 2011,1.0
2076,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2075-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Just what we needed,This was a great choice of hotel. Couldn't have been in a better location for all west end shopping and shows and underground 2 minutes away. Staff on reception extremely courteous and helpful. Hotel rooms a bit dated in particular bathrooms which we found ours to be in need of a facelift however beds exceptionally comfortable and rooms very quiet and DARK so a good nights sleep. Breakfast was an excellent choice although we had to return our cooked food as it was not hot enough however staff quickly dealt with issue and resolved it. Our only gripe was you had to pay for internet use of £3 for 15 minutes which in a hotel of this rating should I feel be a free service to guests. Would however definitely recommend and will return!,Date of stay: January 2011,4.0
2077,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2075-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great location. Lousy staff,The hotel is in a fantastic location. However the rooms were a bit dreary as were the staff at the front desk,Date of stay: April 2010,3.0
2078,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2075-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Perfect hotel for sightseeing in London,"Though the building is older, they have done a lot of work to keep this hotel nice.  The plumbing was pretty typical for London and it was difficult to get the right temp on the sink or shower.  While somewhat dated, the hotel is well kept but could use some redecorating.   Being right next door to the theater district and Trafalger Square/National Gallery makes for an easy walk to all these attractions.  Just a bit further down Piccadilly and you're at Green Park, Hyde Park and getting close to Buckingham Palace (we found these to be nice long walks).  The tube station is at the end of the block and then it's a short trip to wherever you need to go in London.    The first room that we were given had an inglamorous view of cooling units and paint cans.  After returning the keys…",Date of stay: January 2011,4.0
2079,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2075-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",A true luxury experience,"My girlfriend and I stayed at Le Meridien Piccadilly for one night in November 2010. We was on our way from Miami (USA), and to our home town Riga (Latvia). We got a great deal on a Club Room, and was looking forward to the stay. When we got there, our room wasnt ready so we got an upgrade to a executive Suite. What a pleasant surprise! The next nice surprise was that the hotel gave us breakfast on the house even when we didnt order it in front. Delicious!  The location couldnt be any better. In the very heart of London. Walkable distance to many of the most important tourist attactions. Perfect for tourists like ourself.  The only negative with this hotel was the concierge. Maybe it was that my girlfriend and I wasnt used with british stiffness/correctness, but we felt not very…",Date of stay: November 2010,5.0
2080,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2080-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Fantastic place to stay,The '+' - location is perfect - very friendly staff - perfect gym - one of the best pools I have ever seen in a hotel - nice and cozy rooms with perfect beds - nice lounge - you dont feel like in a big hotel  the '-' - the front desk was a little understaffed but still very friendly and helpful - no other points where I see room for improvement. For sure this place is a perfect place to stay.,Date of stay: September 2010,5.0
2081,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2080-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Good location and sports facilities, only one minor reservation.","Very conveniently located next to Piccadilly Station with good sports facilities that winningly for me include a squash court. Pool looks spacious too. Room rates reflect location and staff service is generally fine. Only slight reservation, and resoundly echoed by my japanese partner, concerns the bathroom which could do with some drainage to clear the excess water (and a rubber bathmat to prevent any dire falls), but this seems a universal complaint about most UK hotels. I'd recommend taking a good look at how hotels in Tokyo manage to construct and organize bathrooms, they seem to get all those little things correct (e.g. location of toilet rolls for one!).  Otherwise fine, I'd return and plan to do so soon.",Date of stay: December 2010,4.0
2082,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2080-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Perfect location, Walking distance to everything.","This hotel is in the perfect location and close to the tub station.  A fit person can walk to almost anywhere in Central London from the hotel.  The restaurant is very nice and had excellent food.  The club lounge is also very nice, much more so than lounges in Starwood hotels in the U.S.  They had a great spread of included food and beverages.  The actual club lounge was being renovated during my visit, so I don't know what the new one now looks like.  The staff is very helpful at the front desk and in the restaurant.   The room we had was a spacious double room and nicely furnished and clean.   Definitely stay at this hotel if you want to be near enough to Buckingham Palace, Parliament, the River Thames, and the West End theaters and bar scene.",Date of stay: March 2010,5.0
2083,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2080-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",The absolute BEST location!,"This was my 4 th trip to London, and since I usually gravitate howards the more residential areas (so I can pretend I really live there!), I was unsure how I would feel about being in the center of everything... It was amazing!! I spent far less on the tube than I had budgeted for because I only needed to ride it once or twice a day. Le meridien is within walking distance of the best shopping( bond and oxford), parliament and big Ben, and the theater district. The area is lively at all hours is the night (so there is always somewhere to buy a snack) but the rooms were very quiet. The hotel was peaceful and the beds comfortable, but it is a renovated old building so bathrooms and hallways are not huge( but still quite large by European standards). I stayed using starwood…",Date of stay: October 2010,5.0
2084,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2080-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Terrific location, friendly and helpful staff","The Le Meridien Piccadilly was a perfect location for fun, food, metro stop at the cornor and tons of shopping all within 5 minutes of walking.  This was my first trip to London and I will stay there again on my trip over.  The hotel is pretty and redone so the rooms were nice and new.  We stayed on a club level and had a great size room and the ability to grab drinks and food during the day.  The front door staff was always friendly and willing to help with directions, recommendations and overall just a great group of Gents.  I highly recommend this hotel.",Date of stay: November 2010,5.0
2085,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2085-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent Location,"I stayed here with a friend who used her timeshare for our stay.  We had an exceptional room which was huge, and I don't believe it's an average room.  The staff was helpful.  The room had 2 bathrooms, one at each end. They were small and not luxurious.  The room was in good condition, but not new.  The building is older and long, darker hallways.  We had no view except at another wing of the hotel.  It was very quiet and I wake up if a fruitfly goes by.  The location is the key.  Just a few buildings from the tube at Piccadilly Circus.  You can easily walk to many sites; Buckingham Palace, Westminster Abby, the Eye Parliament, St. James Palace and theatres.  Wi Fi is expensive. Across the street is Waterstones, a bookstore.  Wi Fi free in cafe. Breakfast there can be 3 pounds…",Date of stay: July 2010,4.0
2086,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2085-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Perfect location, lack of service","Well, first of all, before the arrival I was not notified that hotel is in renovation now; I found out that is was written somewhere on the 3rd page in the internet site, but they should notify you during booking - would expect so; location is superb, few steps away from Underground and Piccadily; At check-in reception lady was not very skillful, so it took some time; Room was nice, but not very large, me and my business colleague had two separate beds - comfortable with many pillows; room service and Conceirge had some minuses as everything took so long - few hours just do deliver a DVD player ( needed for some presentations); Lounge was quite nice, good food, although only snacks for lunch time;  Check out was even longer, 15 minutes!!! Well, would recommend, but they surely…",Date of stay: November 2010,4.0
2087,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2085-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Another good stay,"I last stayed here a year and a half ago and can see the positive progress of the hotel renovation (all the elevators are working now).  We arrived about 10am after an overnight flight and, as I expected, the room was not ready, but the extremely pleasant woman at the check-in desk promised to give us an renovated room and she delivered on this a couple of hours later when we returned from lunch and a walk.  The room was excellent, as was the bathroom and the bed was extremely comfortable.    Like many hotels, this one uses a duvet with a cover rather than sheets and blankets, and that is one thing I wish they would change, as I find the duvets too hot.  I called to ask for the bed to be made up with a blanket and sheets and this was done promptly, followed by a call from…",Date of stay: November 2010,5.0
2088,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2085-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Lipstick on a pig,"Unstated 2 nights, getting the room through a discount Internet booking company.    The hotel is draped in scaffolding, and there's excitement in the lobby.  The hallways upstairs look fresh and brightly painted, but step into the rooms, and it is still a dreary old English hotel.    I had a problem the first night with the room a/c dripping from the vent what was a stream of water.  The carpet was drenched. Also the sink was clogged.   I reported it to the front desk when I left at 9am to have it checked into.   When I returned at z3pm, nothing had been done, with the room not even made up yet. ,  it took an engineer better than 2 hours to get the water to stop, but he was not prepared to fix the drenched carpeting. When I hit the 2 hour mark and it want completely done yet, I…",Date of stay: October 2010,1.0
2089,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2085-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",ok stay,"Great location and friendly staff. We got I quite room as i as aware of noise issue. Bed was good, but bathroom is really disapointing: too small and poor fixtures. it looks that they were running out of soaps... it was hard to get one ( had to call twice) and they daily do not replace!! Overall it was ok for what we planned.",Date of stay: November 2010,3.0
2090,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2090-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Don't eat at the restaurant,"I wrote a complaint to the Food & Beverage manager about our experience at The Terrace earlier this week but have had no response so I thought I would post it here:  My partner and I visited The Terrace last night prompted by my Taste London card and the fact that I work in very close proximity - we were not hotel guests.  We eat out very regularly in London due to our work commitments and are always looking for somewhere new to try.  To say we were disappointed unfortunately would be an understatement.  Firstly, when we arrived (at approximately 6:30pm) we noticed how quiet the restaurant was.  We made mention to the waitress who responded that it was early - there was only one other table of two present at the time.  We then commented on the fact there was not any music…",Date of stay: November 2010,2.0
2091,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2090-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Shockingly poor value for money,Certainly a great location but nothing else about this hotel rises above the mediocre.  I am an SPG gold client and I stay in Sheratons and their associated brands a lot but I wouldn't stay here again.  Cramped dingy room with tiny bathroom (Bear in mind that with my gold card I am supposed to get special treatment here!). The room was at least quiet which is somethng for central London.  Breakfast in the Terrace restaurant was truly awful.,Date of stay: November 2010,2.0
2092,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2090-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Disappointing,"Of course, the Meridien Piccadilly is a great place. However, compared to what you would expect from such an expensive place, it was a great disappointment. We checked in early and were given one of the rooms on the 2nd floor. The hotel being currently under construction, scaffolding in front of the window made the room pitch black even at daylight. While there was no construction taking place during the weekend, I don't even want to imagine how the room would have been like with construction noise on top.  Apart from that, service was of course great, and we even managed to get complimentary tickets for the current Gaugin exhibit at Tate Modern. But still, I wouldn't come back.",Date of stay: October 2010,3.0
2093,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2090-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Terrible Stay,Having stayed more than 6 times at this Hotel due to the Location and being an SPG Member I can only say that I am so looking forward to when the new W will Open next door on the 14th February 2011. The Service has totally gone down hill and the quality out of the window. There are so many Hotels that have the same great Location as Le Meridien Piccadilly and I hope Guests will look for other Hotels before choosing Le Meridien Piccadilly.,Date of stay: November 2010,1.0
2094,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2090-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Five star location, alas the service.","Having stayed here on a number of occasions I was disappointed that check-in took over 35 minutes whilst the staff located the booking and I waited at the desk. No apology was offered for the delay when my booking was found, nor was I offered a drink. The air conditioning in the room did not work and an engineer was sent to work on it two hours later. When we did move to another room, we were informed the key was being delivered straight away and then after waiting, we were told it was another 15 minutes. Not the level service consistent with a five star hotel and rather frustrating when you have a pressing dinner engagement.  The location of the hotel is perfect but the level of service, simply leaves alot to be desired. The decor of the rooms varies enormously and is not…",Date of stay: November 2010,3.0
2095,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2095-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Great Location, Potential to be Great Hotel","First things first, if you want a hotel in the thick of it all, this is the place.  Very easy to get to all the sights and nightlife in London from Le Meridien.  Our stay was a bit disjointed.  They have obviously done a great deal of work to refresh the 100+ year old hotel and the lobby and public areas look great.  We arrived at about 9 pm after having taken the day flight from Boston to be told that the room we had booked was ""unavailable"" and that they would have to put us in a room with 2 single beds.  I am a SPG member in high standing and usually get upgraded, but the story we were told on this occassion is that ""something must have be wrong with the reservation"" (not according to my confirmation).  Although they supposedly tried, we were left with no alternative, but to…",Date of stay: October 2010,4.0
2096,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2095-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Location isn't everything!,"Other reviewers are correct about this hotel. It is a fantastic location. If you want to be central to everything and right in the heart of it all, Le Meridien Picadilly is THE place to stay, and I highly recommend it for that. It's right next door to a fantastic seafood restaurant too (Bentleys Oyster bard & Grill), which is a bonus. However, after four stays here we're willing to compromise location for better accommodations. The staff have been consistently great, the bar & bar staff are wonderful, but the rooms have been of varying quality each time. Our first experience was terrific, which set the bar for future visits. Every other time the rooms have gotten smaller and smaller and of lesser quality in terms of furnishings. Starwood hotel beds are always top notch (in my…",Date of stay: October 2010,4.0
2097,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2095-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Location Location Location,Great hotel. Very trendy place with great food and nice although small rooms. You just can't beat the location of this Le Meriden. It is so handy for a trip to London and it has a swimming pool! Staff were pleasant and all in all I enjoyed my stay.,Date of stay: March 2010,5.0
2098,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2095-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, decent hotel","Was there partly for work, partly for play.  Very central location, and the staff was great, except for the concierge who was a little bitter. The club access was fantastic as they have snacks and drinks anytime, plus bfast, lunch, and dinner.  I had room 713 which wasn't their renovated ones but it was still fine. It was that or wait for a room to be cleaned (I wanted to check in at 9AM). Like other posters, the room is a bit small but it is sufficient, especially considering it is London. The bathroom is really large though...",Date of stay: October 2010,4.0
2099,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2095-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Incredibly kind service, lovely hotel.","I'm at a loss to understand the negative reviews.  I was a bit concerned about booking Le Meridien Picaddilly because of the spotty reviews, but the location was too good to pass up.  I wrote in advance to request a specific room, and if not available, an upgrade to a club level room.  I received a response from guest services within 24 hours of my email request, confirming receipt and promising to do what they could.  When we arrived TODAY (I am still here and sitting in a bathrobe writing this review from a beautifully appointed, immaculate room), the requested room wasn't available but the incredibly kind and helpful front deskman, Drew Northcott, assisted us in every way to place us in a nice room.  Mr. Northcott was so kind and so friendly and so helpful that I would…",Date of stay: October 2010,5.0
2100,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2100-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",what a wonderful hotel,"we are very suprised by this hotel.  great location, very big room, clean, and the staffs are so nice.....  we also can use its club lounge providing foods, newspaper & computers.... etc.  after disappointed by westin paris, we think le meridien piccadilly is very good hotel.  you get what you paid for.  I think westin paris should send someone here to learn how to serve people w/respect.   by the way, all the good things might because they just finish the renovation work.",Date of stay: October 2010,5.0
2101,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2100-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",A high-end establishment!,"My friend and I stayed here for a night before heading off on our Contiki Tour of Europe. We booked via Priceline for about 200 pounds. We chose this location due to its central location to attractions, clubs, shopping. We walked basically everywhere from this hotel. The room was very nice, check-in was easy. We ordered a movie for a whopping 12.50 pounds (!), so if youre looking for entertainment youre better off renting a movie. Food is also ridiculously expensive here (its a 4 or 5 Star) so we ate out, theres lots of great places around, especially in Leicester Square.",Date of stay: May 2010,5.0
2102,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2100-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great location and nice hotel,"This hotel was really nice and we enjoyed our two nights here. I think the manager reads the reviews here because the staff were excellent and really helpful unlike some of the previous posters so well done on the improvements. The room was very nice, modern with most importantly had a big big comfy bed and nice bathroom. There was renovations when we were there so not sure if all the floors have been finished.  The hotel is very central for London, close to the tube and within walking of shopping, restaurants etc. We got this on lastminute.com and would really recommend. We did not eat here so I cannot comment on the food but there was a nice little coffee shop just around the corner for light food and coffees which wasn’t bad.",Date of stay: June 2010,5.0
2103,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2100-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Nice hotel with character in a great location but has a lot to improve,"I   have stayed in this hotel twice. In 2004 was my first time in this hotel and in Lovdon at all, I had not travelled  much before that and was excited just because of the opportunity to stay in a great location in London. Since then I  have gained some experience in travelling. This year I  came to london for something like  12th time for an annual conference of my company, I took my teenage daughter along with me. I chose Le Meridien Piccadilly again this time  because of the location, of my good  memories and because it had good offer for club rooms.  My impression this time is mixed. First of all,I have to mention that the hotel building is under renovation. This was not mentioned  anywhere on the hotel site but to my opinion should have been. Luckily, we escaped the…",Date of stay: October 2010,4.0
2104,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2100-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Great Location, So-So Service","My husband and I stayed at the Le Meridien Piccadilly.  The location itself is enough for me to recommend this hotel... It was central and within walking distance to everything!  But with that said, due to its central location (primarily near Piccadilly Circus), the nights were very noisy and our sleep was repeatedly interrupted by people on the street and numerous sirens.  The hotel was nice, but was under renovation when we visited.  I would definitely recommend that you research what to do in the city prior to your arrival, especially restaurants, as the concierge was not helpful at all.  I was very glad to have already known what we wanted to see and where we wanted to dine.",Date of stay: September 2010,4.0
2105,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2105-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Dark, noisy, but nice decor","The hotel location is a great spot if you are accessing London by foot or public transport, but there are serious disadvantages if you need to grab a cab anytime near peak hours as the traffic is manic (if you walk a few blocks down to the Ritz, it's easy to find cabs fortunately). There didn't seem to be any hotel staff helping to find taxis, which meant just a lot of guests milling around outside the door.   The hotel reception is stylish and the staff were friendly on check in. My first impression of the room was positive as the feeling is spacious, with simple and stylish decor, with no signs of wear and tear. Unfortunately the room was incredibly dark as there are clear plastic over the windows as well as scaffolding outside the building. I wasn't informed I would also have…",Date of stay: September 2010,3.0
2106,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2105-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Nice escape from the busy crowds,"You can walk less than 100 meters from the busy Piccadilly Circus to the calm of this charming 100+ year old hotel.  I stayed at Le Meridien for about a week.  While the trip was for business there was enough down time to enjoy London and the hotel.   Without exception, the service was excellent.",Date of stay: September 2010,5.0
2107,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2105-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Fantastic Location, Average Hotel","Total Nights: 5      Room type: Club  As we arrived at the hotel we were greeted by a small but stylish check in and reception area. After a speedy check in we were advised our room was not ready (as we had arrived early) and that we welcome to wait in the club lounge. We were told our room would be about 30 mins ... Hour and a half later we were still in the lounge.   The club lounge is nicely decorated and offers complimentary drinks and food all day long, including drinks and canapé at night. The staff were very friendly and helpful..... Well at first anyway! I would like to point out that Mai, a staff member in the club lounge was absolutely fantastic throughout our stay but some of the other staff seemed to have a chip on their shoulder!  After a few drinks and a chance to…",Date of stay: August 2010,3.0
2108,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2105-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Fantastic experience,"This was our first trip to London, but we are experienced world travelers, and have stayed at many world class resorts. There were 3 of us. My wife, myself and 14 yr old son. We arrived late via the Tube from Heathrow.(less than 1 block) and were greeted by a friendly reception desk who had us in our room within minutes. The room was amazing, ( I will preface this by saying we stayed using our star points and are a gold preferred member) the three of us had what I would consider a suite. A king bed 2 baths and a day bed for our son. The accommodations were clean, quiet (Piccadilly is very noisy) and modern. The location is a perfect home base to check out London. The tube station is yards away. The Ritz and Buckingham palace are very close. The location is safe and trendy. As…",Date of stay: September 2010,5.0
2109,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2105-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Skip it if you're a light sleeper,"The hotel itself was nice and the staff seemed nice enough.  They were able to let us check in early at 10:00 am, which was wonderful since we'd been up all night and just wanted to take a quick nap and shower.  The concierge wasn't entirely helpful though.  He gave a us a great map that we used our entire stay.  But, gave us wrong information twice.  The first time was no big deal and easy to square away.  The second time had me fuming mad.    While the location of this hotel is technically perfect because it is close to everything.  It also was the worst part of the hotel for us.  Huge crowds gather in Piccadilly Circus each night and many stay all night...it was loud at times but not unbearable.  What was unbearable was the recycling center next door.  At all hours of the…",Date of stay: September 2010,3.0
2110,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2110-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Wouldn't board my dog here,"Horrible. Just horrible. Arrived at 2:30pm after transatlantic flight. Could not check in for two hours. Went to the restaurant to kill time. Bartender actually drank out of our glasses to sample drink and attempted to reserve them  to us.  Couple at table next to us moved tables after drinking out of glasses.  Waitress reset that table without changing glasses.  Toilet overflowed in room.  Took maintenance 15 minutes to get there.  Maid simply dried floors and counters with a towel without cleaning them with any disinfectant!! Front desk girl (Nadine) refused to change money for me, rather telling me to walk to bank blocks away. Air conditioner did not work. Just horrible! This was the second time I stayed here. Management was indifferent to complaints or recommedations. DON'T…",Date of stay: September 2010,1.0
2111,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2110-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Inconsistent stay to stay,"Third time at this property since 1 July, 2010.  First stay was on 6th floor, large quiet room with no complaints, except room was warm and windows barely opened.  Two weeks later was assigned a beautiful suite on 4th floor, large bathroom with stand up shower and two sinks.  Well air conditioned and quiet room.  This trip I'm in a small ugly suite on the 2nd floor with the traffic noise off Picadilly deafening, and plastic construction material covering the windows and eliminating any hope of cool , fresh air.  Location is ideal, staff is friendly and health club is top notch.",Date of stay: September 2010,4.0
2112,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2110-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Awesome Location, Comfortable Rooms, NicePool/SPA,Lots Nearby Restaurants","Our family stayed here for 7 nights. The location is superb, only steps from the Piccadilly Underground station.The Underground is very convenient!  After arriving we took the tube from Heathrow directly to the hotel, went everywhere in London, even to Windsor, and we left from St. Pancras Station to take the Eurostar to Paris. Also, Le Meridien's central location is makes it easy to walk to many sites if you are inclined. Our room was a generous size. It faced Regent Street which can be a bit noisy on the weekend otherwise it was fine. The pool was great to relax after a long day out. The beds were very comfortable and the bathroom a good size by European standards.  Didn't eat at the hotel because were out enjoying the city. Lots of nice restaurants with a few blocks in any…",Date of stay: August 2010,4.0
2113,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2110-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Unfortunately the secondary double gazing fitted to the bedroom window did little to dampen the cacophony from the stree,"Having booked through lastminute.com, and no doubt paid less than the rack rate for our room, we checked into Le Meridien Piccadilly with an impending sense of doom.  I see you booked your room at lastminute.com Sir. Err, yes. Is there a problem? Not at all Sir, your room number is 666. And where do we find room 666? In the basement Sir, conveniently located next to the pump room for the swimming pool. You can find your own way. Cheapskate.  Thanks. Sorry to bother you.   As it turned out though our room, number 548, was on the fifth floor with one window looking out onto Air Street (if you looked past the scaffolding), and a bathroom window facing Piccadilly (albeit the street was blocked from view by machine plant on the adjacent flat roof). By comparison with other Central…",Date of stay: September 2010,4.0
2114,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2110-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",This hotel ruined my holiday,"I stayed for a week at this star wood hotel.  I was a Platinum Starwood member but as a result of this stay have not stayed in another Starwood hotel and have moved to Hilton instead - an overal better experience  Thus is meant to be a 5star hotel. Expect a 3 at best.  I was upgraded due to being top tier on Starwoods scheme.  I changed rooms twice.  In all the carpets are threadbare, the bathrooms are very worn and falling to pieces.  I was upgraded to a junior suite and the noise from the road was terrible.  The room freezing cold, dark, worn and dirty.  The furniture many years old and falling apart.  The room smelt.  I was entitled to breakfast the executive lounge.  Each morning it was full and the staff told me to come back later. In my week stay I had no breakfast. Only…",Date of stay: December 2009,1.0
2115,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2115-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",POSSIBLY THE FINEST HOTEL IN THE ENTIRE STARWOOD ORGANZATION - HANDS DOWN !!,"I am staying at this hotel 16 days this month (just finished 11 of them). I have never encountered a more caring, hard-working & friendly staff at any Starwood property (and I have been at around 50 of them)!! Their goal is to do whatever they can to keep their customers happy and they made us feel like family. First, I want to tell you about the guest relations dept. It is run by David, who does a great job making sure everything is in order for you. His top assistant is Joanna ... hands down the best guest relations person I have encountered in years!! She made sure everything was set up perfectly for my wife's special birthday (without me asking for these things), including, but not limited to, wonderful godiva chocolates with libations for the entire family, an amazing…",Date of stay: August 2010,5.0
2116,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2115-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",bad sleep quality,stayed here for one night on a business trip and would not come again. the hotel has very old doublewindows that don't close properly so you will have all the noise from the street. the bed sags in the middle and the room was very tiny. i had stopped to count how often i stumbled over my luggage. also you can see that this hotel understands renovation by just painting over everything again and again. just looks ugly and this is not a renovation.,Date of stay: August 2010,1.0
2117,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2115-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great hotel in the perfect location,"We stayed here September 3-6, 2010.  I was nervous after some of the bad reviews I read on this site, but it turned out to be a great choice.  We asked for a renovated room at check-in and the hotel was happy to oblige.  The room was lovely!  It looked exactly like the pictures on the website (queen bed w/ gray upholstered headboard, a red arm chair, and dark wood wardrobe, desk, and side tables).  It was not large, but basically what I would expect from a standard room in a big city.  We were on the 5th floor and had a nice view of a red-roofed church and clocktower.  The bed was comfy, no noise at all from the street, and the bathroom was nice.  One morning we did hear a baby crying in the next room, but as to people talking or anything like that there was no noise through the…",Date of stay: September 2010,4.0
2118,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2115-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Brilliant Location,We felt that the room was what you would expect in a 4* the bathroom was more a 3* but the staff were a 5*+. Its a great location for sightseeing around central London. The swimming pool was lovely and the breakfast was superb.,Date of stay: August 2010,4.0
2119,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2115-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Hotel staff very friendly, location is excellent!!","My colleagues and I were dreading going to the hotel following the bad reviews on Trip Advisor.  They couldnt have been more wrong.  We stayed for 4 nights and loved every minute of it.  Having stayed in several hotels in the London Area in the last year this has been by far the best one. Hotel staff from concerige, reception staff, restaurant staff to the cleaning staff were all extremly helpful and pleasant.  Staff at breakfast were always courteous and we even had her toast made for us without asking. Rooms were the best we have stayed in this year, very spacious and clean.  Have booked to stay again in October.",Date of stay: August 2010,5.0
2120,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2120-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Wonderful!,We had a great stay!  We had a very large room - the exec suite - which accommodated all 4 of us.  We were also in a great location within walking distance of everything.  The only exception was the concierge which we felt was not as helpful as we would have liked.  Maybe bad time of year with all the tourists.,Date of stay: August 2010,4.0
2121,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2120-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",great hotel,"Spent nine nights and the staff at every level could not have been better.  Got great play tickets on a few hours request.  Someone was always avaible to give directions or make us a drink.  Room service was fast and food was excellent. Location matched the service of the hotel.  Nothing could be better.  Our room had two seperate bathrooms which was nice.  It was room 525, I suggest you request it.  I can only assume the complaints I read are from people who travel little or are never happy.",Date of stay: August 2010,5.0
2122,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2120-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Better hotel than reviews stated,There were several reviews in July that painted this hotel as declining.  During our week stay we found the hotel to be a great stay.  Our room was normal for a European city [small].  The club room was good and we enjoyed breakfast every day.  Service was good and staff was friendly.  The concierge was helpful but most of them had limited knowledge of attractions.   Location excellent to all London attractions and shows.  The underground is right outside the hotel door.,Date of stay: August 2010,4.0
2123,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2120-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Super Central Comfortable Business Hotel,"Spent three nights (one paid, two SPG) here in a renovated room.  Air conditioning was fabulous (heat wave outside), room was comfortable if small-ish, beds were great.  Hotel couldn't be more central to transport, restaurants, shops, museums, etc.  Paid wifi, breakfast, etc. were very expensive -- but inexpensive options were within steps of the front door.  Pool was quite cold, possibly because air temperature in the basement/spa was sauna-like.  Felt pleasantly anonymous in terms of staff.  Basically a business hotel that, due to its awesome location, we used as a leisure hotel.",Date of stay: July 2010,4.0
2124,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2120-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",GREAT SERVICE,"This hotel has a tiny lobby, very small club lounge, Club rooms were small and hot  - or air conditions were working poorly but but but the hotel is in a great great location, and it has great people working there. Manager on duty was efficient, polite, accommodating and so were everyone else including doormen, bell desk, reception, club lounge personnel. We had one serious complaint about the room air condition and although it was not repaired then the way the complaint was handled and accepted/compensated by the manager combined with the service granted at this hotel and being right in Piccadilly Circus really satisfied our needs.",Date of stay: August 2010,4.0
2125,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2125-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Outstanding location and superb service,"If you travel to London and you are looking for an outstanding hotel with superb service, in a location which allows you to see and walk London, then the London Le Meridien Piccadilly is the place to be. Especially if you are a Starwood member, there is not a better choice.   The hotel offers an outstanding location, you can walk to most of the tourist location and sightseeing opportunities, has an excellent service, and provides a truly international atmosphere. The staff is super nice and helpful and goes the extra mile to provide you with an exceptional service.  The rooms are very nice, clean, and offer great sleeping environment. If you are traveling and want to rest and catch up on sleep, this is the place to be. Believe me, this is the best when you are coming in from…",Date of stay: August 2010,5.0
2126,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2125-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Nothing special about rooms..excellent location..,"Stayed here for two nights starting August 7th 2010..using my starwood points. The main plus point of this hotel is its location.. Right in Picadilly, short walk to Covent Garden and other attractions..nightlife, shopping, restaurants etc.. Staff are nice, helpful and friendly.. This is one of the few hotels in central London that offer a pool I believe.. No Parking is offered in the hotel..you will probably have to find a parking yourself in this crowded area.. The rooms,on the other hand,  are nothing to write home about. I am talking here about Classic rooms, which sell for 250+ Pounds on average.. rather small, basic and in need of improvement to match Meridien ""5 star"" Standard.. Would like to mention that I managed to upgrade my second night to a Club room, for an extra 82…",Date of stay: August 2010,3.0
2127,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2125-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Pretty good after a bumpy start,"Le Meridien Piccadilly is very well located.  One hundred yards down to the left when leaving the hotel is Piccadilly Circus which you can avoid, but come out of the hotel and turn right and you are in a great neighborhood.  We had booked two upgraded rooms.  When we arrived, we were shown to a very small, drab, old room with scaffolding all over the windows.  After much discussion, we were eventually given two renovated rooms, as we had booked.  This was extremely disappointing but ultimately worked out.  The concierges were great - very helpful.  The rooms were fine as were the bathrooms - nothing fabulous, but perfectly nice.  They gym is in real need of a complete refurbishment.  The pool looked nice although we did not use it.  The scaffolding goes up to the fourth floor so…",Date of stay: July 2010,4.0
2128,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2125-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","If you dont want your vacations spoiled, avoid it!!!","Not only my experience at this hotel was bad, i think its among the worse i have ever got, and i travel a lot..  Aside from the hotel conditions, as we arrived by midnight to the hotel with our young kids (by the way we advised our arriving time directly to the hotel) our reservation was not honored. Instead they offered a different type of room which didnt suit my needs.  Very long story short, the shift manager threatened us to take what he had or to go to another hotel! That is definitely not an answer that any customer should get. The hotel must honor what they reserve for their guests! How would you feel arriving at midnight with young kids and be humiliated by a so called manager!!  It was a very disgusting stay, having to see all the staff faces every day after knowing…",Date of stay: July 2010,1.0
2129,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2125-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Good hotel, central location, glad I wasn't paying!","Stayed here for a night using Starwood points. The hotel is in a great location, about 2 mins walk from Piccadilly circus. The hotel was being renovated, so the entrance was mostly covered in scaffolding, so not the best first impression. The welcome was OK, lobby pretty average for a 5* hotel. My room was nice - very clean, traditional but very nice furniture, lovely bathroom - excellent shower. Had requested a king size bed, but ended up with 2 singles - not great, but not the end of the world. We had a drink in the bar, which was pretty disappointing and felt like a breakfast room (which I think it is). Overall a nice hotel, but at about GBP 300 per night, I was very glad I wasn't paying and can think of other hotels in London I like better that are cheaper: e.g. Pelham in…",Date of stay: June 2010,4.0
2130,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2130-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",great location,"Excellent location in London, close to the tube, Piccadilly and the West End shows. Hotel restaurants very pricey, but there are lots of local cafes and pubs.",Date of stay: July 2010,4.0
2131,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2130-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Not the best,"It was a bit dissapointment at first. We got a very bad room for a Club room, but when we ask for another one they changed straight away. They should call a room like this as a Club room.",Date of stay: July 2010,3.0
2132,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2130-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Very disappointing for a 5 star hotel,"My wife and I staryed here for a one night theatre trip. The lobby was tiny and not well signed. Initial check in was good (room was not ready as we were a little early) but when we went back for our key I had to queue for no less than 20 minutes to get my key!!! The room was clean and comfortable, but for a 5 star hotel VERY small. Throughout our stay the lobby was very busy and as a consequence too small for the size of hotel. There was building work going on and we were not advised of this. The VERY good side - breakfast food and service were excellent.",Date of stay: July 2010,2.0
2133,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2130-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Centrally located,"The Meridien Piccadilly greatest asset is it location, so centrally located everything is within reach with your feet or through the tube.  The rooms are old charms in themselves but that also means that you might have to put up with a bit of stale air.  Open the window a bit to get some clean air and you will be fine.  Although it is better to keep them close before bed as the noise down on the street is to the wee hour of the morning.  Upgrades even for Platinum members seems to hard to come by due to the high occupancy rates here.  Unless, you are into theater, there are better place to stay.",Date of stay: March 2010,3.0
2134,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2130-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",What was to be special stay ruined by sub-standard room,"We stayed here after booking a theatre package to celebrate our Silver Wedding Anniversary.  Reception was fine with a smooth check in which they let us do early so as we could drop our bags and make most of our time in London.  We literally dropped our bags in the room and returned again in the evening.  Upon return we found that both the curtains were stained as was the carpet in places.  In addition to this some of the carpet threadbare.  This along with chipped paint on the wardrobes and a badly broken tile around the pool is not what we expected frm a 5 star establishment.  Staff were friendly and the breakfast great, but basic housekeeping was bad.  I would only return if I felt the standard of decor had improved!!!",Date of stay: July 2010,3.0
2135,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2135-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Yet another great stay,"As I sense some people still think this is not a good hotel to stay at, I feel it's my duty to ""defend"" LMP...  I spent 2 nights with my 12 year old goddaughter. While the hotel is being refurbished, it is gaining back its luster from the past, albeit in a new decor. Combining the old features with contemporary design appears to be successful and beautiful.  Thanks again and can't wait to see LMP all renewed.",Date of stay: July 2010,4.0
2136,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2135-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Worst service I've seen in a long time.  Rude, rude, rude staff. Did I mention rude?","Our family booked a room here for 7 nights in a row, and we booked a room for one night.  Their room was HUGE, nice and air conditioned, but I don't know if the vents were molding or a former guest hid a rotten egg somehwere, but their room smelled awful!  Luckily our family had already looked up the hotel reviews, and saw other people had complained about a stench, so they were expecting it when they came in.  So the night we arrived, it was a very hot day in London.  We got to our room, and turned on the air conditioner, and it was barely blowing.   We gave it about an hour and a half, and our room was still unbearable.  We made a call down to the front desk to complain to the hotel staff, and a man was giving us a bad attitude about it.  We offered for him to come to the room…",Date of stay: June 2010,1.0
2137,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2135-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Best location downtown,Stayed 2 nights in suite. Best location in London. A couple of steps from Hyde Park and Leicester Square. The staff was friendly and the room confortable. Rates are usually very high since the number of available rooms is small.,Date of stay: April 2010,4.0
2138,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2135-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",SPG hotel Worst Customer Service,"Hotel location is great.. and... well.. that's about all I can say.. Here are the bad points.. 1. Being a platinum SPG member, I wasn't upgraded.  I booked through the internet the same morning and there's plenty of higher grade room available.  They should change the ""Subject to Availability"" to ""Subject to the mood/discretion of the check-in staff""!!!! 2. It's a world cup final night and guess what.. the TV has no signal.... Check with receptionist, and they said they had problem a few nights ago and??? he didn't even offer any explanation for my TV has no signal since I'm checking ANYWAY... the only one that is working is the paid channel... I guess that's how they  make money.. 3. Being a platinum member, I was told at check-in that I have access to the Club lounge.. well...…",Date of stay: July 2010,2.0
2139,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2135-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Rack rate, worst room!!","I was looking for a two bedroomed room for myself and my nephew for a night and reserved a room on the phone. I was quoted a rack rate and accepted as it's difficult to find a two bedded room in London. When I arrived in the car I found that they had ended their valet parking service so I had to find a garage myself. I also noticed that all the facade was covered in scaffolding for renovation works, which I was never told about when I made the reservation. The room was an absolute disgrace! It was tiny, the furniture scuffed, two tiny uncomfortable beds, a shabby bathroom, and a small window high up near the ceiling made it more like a monastic cell than a £400 room!! The air-conditioning was either on or off (thermostat broken) and only a few of the TV channels worked. There…",Date of stay: July 2010,2.0
2140,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2140-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great location,"Very good room and good breakfast included in the typically high priced London 5 star break. Would I come back ? Well it was good but not wow . . except the location. I would probably for £300 a night try something else next time. Staff were good but not great. One guy didn't know where the restaurant was and service at lunch was very poor ( tho they didn't charge me for my ""cold , took an hour to arrive £15 club sandwich ""). So enjoyed it and on the whole  a good stay but maybe could do better  and would try somewhere else next time.",Date of stay: July 2010,4.0
2141,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2140-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Chic, centrally located and Starwood-friendly","I booked this hotel because I collect Starwood points, but it turned out to be a great choice for a luxury stay: They upgraded us to some sort of suite on a club floor, which was huge. The bed was incredibly comfortable, the bathroom ginormous, and the free club tea and breakfasts (on the mezzanine) were yummy. Location is central, service was polite, and overall, I'd happily recommend for a splurge visit.",Date of stay: June 2010,5.0
2142,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2140-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great Room,"I stayed in Suite 633 for four nights. The room was very spacious and very clean. Photos of the suite are now posted on tripadvisor. Large living room with steps up to a small table and two chairs with a view of Picadilly. Two large bathrooms and great bedroom. Room service during our stay was very quick. I actually won a free weekend hotel stay at any SPG hotel, this really made me enjoy my stay despite many things I did not like which I am listing below.  Upside: - Amazing pool! There was a squash/racquetball court, relaxation room, huge gym, steam room, etc... All on the bottom floor. - Free drinks in the club lounge from 5-7pm if you are a plat or on a club room floor. - Free breakfast wasn't too bad in the lounge. - Free internet in club rooms was great, otherwise very…",Date of stay: May 2010,4.0
2143,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2140-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, suberb value, would recommend","We stayed at this hotel for my wifes 40th birthday, we booked it as a ""secret hotel"" with last minute.com.  We found the hotel very easily, the staff were very friendly at reception and we were upgraded to the 9th floor (room 904), because it was a special stay, and they sent up a bottle of red wine and chocolates as a special surprise.  The hotel is undertaking some refurbishment at present, but for us this was not an issue and had no impact at all.   The room was very comfortable and quiet even though the hotel is on Piccadilly which is extremely busy with traffic.  The bed was huge and unbelievably comfortable, the walk in dressing room was a welcome addition.   The spa is fantastic, great pool, jacussi and steam room, we did not try the gym.   We already had our itinery set,…",Date of stay: June 2010,4.0
2144,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2140-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Very average,"Great location, right in the city center, less than a minute away from the underground (Piccadilly Circus). Supposedly luxurious, but is lacking attention to details really. The first room I had was smelling of sewage, the second one I got was OK, but quite small. There was a separate walk-in closet that somewhat compensated for the size of the room. The hotel is not up to the 5-star hotel standard: from little things like there was bathrobe, but no slippers, no hotel information in the room, screws were falling out of the air-conditioner control unit etc. Bathroom is quite simple and small for a luxurious hotel, bathroom supplies are box standard. Bathroom fittings were not fixed properly: the shower curtain couldn't be closed completely, so there was water on the floor, the…",Date of stay: June 2010,3.0
2145,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2145-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great Location - An excellent stay,"We stayed at Le Meridien for two nights in June 2010.  The reception area is quite contemporary and not the big, flashy area you might expect from a 5* hotel.  Check in was efficient and speedy although I would imagine because of the size of the reception that if a large party were checking in/out it would take a while.   We were told that our rate included full breakfast, which was great because we understood that the rate we paid did not so that was a bonus.    Our room (241) was of a good size, contemporary in style, with a large bed, flat screen TV, one bathrobe (why not 2?), well-stocked (although un-used!) mini-bar.  The only problem with the room was the size of the bathroom; probably the smallest I have seen.  You had to shut the door to get to the toilet and two people…",Date of stay: June 2010,5.0
2146,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2145-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Staff manners very poor,"Arrived at reception offered a double room, I had booked a twin, the receptionist ignored my information and continued the booking in process, when asked to sign auth c/c I refused as the room was unsuitable, I said if I had internet access I could prove my booking confirmation was a twin, this was refused as wi fi is chargable! A twin room was found we were asked to wait for 15min now 17.00hrs, we agreed, no offer of waiting facilities tea or coffee offered, very off hand. We took ourselfs to the first floor to a small lounge area to read a newspaper, acosted by irate receptionist who said we were not privaliged customers! we were asked to spell our name 3 times so she could check, the whole check in was very unpleasant.    room OK, breakfast very good, overall disaponiting…",Date of stay: June 2010,1.0
2147,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2145-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Fantastic location for a first-time trip to London,"My husband and I were embarking on our very first Europe trip and London was our first stop.  I had originally booked at a Sheraton that was no longer participating in the Starwood program so had to switch last minute.  I was deciding between Sheraton Park Lane and Le Meridien Piccadilly and am so glad we picked the Piccadilly location.  Park Lane is located on a super quiet street that got really dark (re: hardly any street lights) at night whereas Piccadilly is London's answer to Times Square.  Super convenient and walkable to so many spots, as well as the Tube.  Regent Street is right there with so many shops; one can never get bored living on Piccadilly.  We didn't have any noise issues even though we were almost on street level.  I upgraded us to a Club Level room, which…",Date of stay: March 2010,4.0
2148,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2145-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Old World Luxury in Central London,"My husband and I stayed at Le Meridien for an anniversary celebration and had a wonderful experience at this hotel. On our many previous trips to London, we have stayed down the road (Piccadilly) at the Park Lane.  We decided to give this hotel a try as it is in the middle of everything and we thought we'd try something new.  We are VERY glad we did. We arrived late (midnight) and were met by the doorman who checked to make sure we were guests. Our room was wonderful, large, high ceilings, very clean. The bathroom was immaculate as well.  Our room faced Regent Street and yes, you could hear some traffic noises however, IT IS A CITY!!  Not really a problem at all. We found the staff helpful, attentive, and friendly. The room was quiet, clean and large. The location was right in…",Date of stay: May 2010,5.0
2149,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2145-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",brill hotel fantastic !,"We stayed at the Hotel as a late deal on last minute, it was amazing value for the £100 ! room was ready at 11am :-) and everything was wonderful. Thankyou so much.",Date of stay: June 2010,5.0
2150,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2150-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, nice hotel - not sure if it's worth the price","I stayed here using reward points.  The hotel was in a great location, close to Picadilly Circus, near the tube stop and other great locations.  Staff was nice and helpful.  Room was nice, although I read the rate is normally about $300 a night, and definitely not worth that price.  Bed was comfortable, room was quiet and nice sized bathroom.  Can't believe an expensive hotel doesn't even have free wi fi - small hotels in small towns had free wi fi.",Date of stay: May 2010,4.0
2151,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2150-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Excellent location, wonderful room, worth the price.","We stayed at the Meridien for 5 nights during a recent visit to London.  I can't say enough about the location and the quality of the room.  We walked to the theater, Trafalgar Sq, and many other attractions.  Tube stop was about a 1 minute walk from the hotel.  The concierge never seemed available to assist us as he was always on his computer, but there were others who couldn't do enough.  The doorman gave us some great tips on restaurants and pubs. Only complaint was the ridiculously high cost for internet access.  A few blocks down the street at the Tourist Info, access was much more reasonable.  I would have expected more from such a nice hotel.  Overall, a great hotel and a good value.",Date of stay: May 2010,5.0
2152,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2150-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent Stay,"We recently returned from London and stayed at this hotel in an excellent location for touring the city...close to buses, subway, restaurants, theater district, etc.  Having read some negative reviews prior to our visit, we were pleasantly surprised at this great hotel.  We had chosen a room to include the club level service--wise choice!!  Upon arrival we were upgraded to a suite which included a living room and a bedroom in the rennovated wing of the hotel---beautiful!!! Be sure to ask for a rennovated room.  The club level service was excellent in the mornings--Mai was the hostess and offer friendly and courteous service with a smile each morning. Free internet access in the club lounge also.  She arranged a car service for us to leave London via Gatwick for a great…",Date of stay: May 2010,5.0
2153,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2150-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Thinnest walls ever encountered in a hotel, odd doors everywhere...","Piccadilly Circus location is what it is, right...maybe great for tourists, a bit of a circus (pardon the pun).  But that's to be expected.  Close to National Gallery, Oxford Circus, Regent shopping, etc.  But the rooms were not great.  A bit old and tired.  All these odd doors that joined the room to not just one side but both, and some of the doors actually just opened, no lock on my side, which suggests that if the other side opened up their lock, they would have free access into my room.  I pointed this out to the staff who just seemed to laugh and say ""it's not a problem.""  Hmm.  The chief complaint I had, though, were the extremely thin walls.  I had to activate a new credit card while I was there.  Immediately after calling out my credit card number, SSN, mother's maiden…",Date of stay: May 2010,3.0
2154,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2150-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Amazing Area, Great Small Room","After an 11 hour flight it was nice to check into this hotel. The room was modern, clean and had a comfy bed. The hotel staff was very helpful and recommended all great spots. The location could not be better- close to shopping, Big Ben and great food! If you are in SPG it is certainly worth cashing in your points.",None,4.0
2155,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2155-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Excellent Location, Distinct Character","Excellent, excellent location! This hotel cannot have a better location. It is in the middle of soho. All the sights and night life are within walking distance. Despite being part a big Le Meridien chain, I personally think this hotel has a really distinct character that it almost feels like a boutique hotel. I like the decor in the room and the public areas. Not much facilities, but I did not expect much as it is an old building in the center of London.",Date of stay: May 2010,4.0
2156,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2155-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",perfect location!,"Went on a weekend trip with my husband and two boys aged 12 and 9. Have stayed at this hotel several times before. Perfect location, nice hotel, friendly staff. Indoor swimming pool very popular!",Date of stay: May 2010,4.0
2157,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2155-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great Hotel in super location - if you can get a good price,"We booked this hotel via Lastminute on one of their Secret Hotel deals.  For £99 we got a lovely well proportioned room on the 5th Floor at the front of the hotel, recently refurbished, spotlessly clean and very quiet for a bank holiday weekend.    Superbly situated in Piccadilly for browsing the designer shops and sitting in cafes. We were attending a function a few streets away which we were able to walk to - a bonus as no taxi's required.  Check in was quick, efficient and very polite as were the doormen.  We don't like to be fussed over in hotels but like to be made to feel welcome.  No problem here on that front - when we set off for our function in the evening we were offered umbrellas as it was raining outside.  Nice tolietries provided and a good shower pressure too.  We…",Date of stay: May 2010,5.0
2158,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2155-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent location,Stayed for 5 nights in the end of April beginning of May. The staff are very professional and more than helpful. The location is outstanding. The beds were very comfortable and the pillows were like sleeping on clouds. Good sized rooms. We upgraded to a Club room and got access to a really nice lounge with internet access amongst other things. We will definitely be staying in this hotel next time we go back to London.,Date of stay: May 2010,5.0
2159,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2155-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great Central London Location,"Perfect central London location between Piccadilly Circus and Green Park Picadilly line (the dark blue one) Tube stations.  Leicester Square, Covent Garden, Hyde Park and Trafalgar Square are all short walks with Kensingtom Gardens/Museums, Harrods, River Thames more distant but still within foot range or bus. Copious shopping, dining, coffee, theatre, bars, pubs all available on the doorstep.  I arrived before 3pm but true to their word the friendly efficient check in staff called my mobile to let me know my room was now ready. Platinum status warrants an auto upgrade so I was a little dissapointed that the 4th floor suite I was promised turned out to be a smallish corner room but on the plus side this had recently been refurbished to high standard with an immaculate reasonably…",Date of stay: April 2010,4.0
2160,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2160-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Well located but lacking that extra touch !,"On our recent trip to London we stayed at Le Meridien Piccadilly. The hotel is well located so getting out and about was no problem. Check in was good , and we were offered a kingsize bed on the newly refurbished second floor. The room just lacked those extra touches you might expect from a five star hotel. No bathrobes until we asked for them !  No hot water for the bath , as the tap was broken so once again we had to ask for it to be fixed. Lack of coffee , milk and no biscuits , which didn't help . We were on  the size of the hotel but still very noisey from the traffic and the early morning bin men. The fact that the alarm clock in  our room and the one next door  had been left to go off left us with a lack of sleep. These need checking by housekeeping before guests check…",Date of stay: April 2010,3.0
2161,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2160-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent location with superb service,"The Le Meridien is ideally located next to Piccadilly Circus with convenient access to the tube station.  Leicester Square and Covent Garden are only a short walk away with Trafalgar Square just a little bit further.  Shopping, dining, and assorted entertainment are readily available.  The most outstanding feature of this hotel is the staff.  They are courteous and attentive.  My first night I called room service for ice and a staff member was at my door in moments.  Likewise for laundry service.  I actually had two separate stays on the same trip after a one night hiatus at another hotel.  The quality of my room was quite different each time.  The deluxe rooms are spacious and comfortable.  My first three night stay was in an older room.  The carpet was worn and the floor…",Date of stay: April 2010,4.0
2162,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2160-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent Stay at Le meridien,"Stayed her for a week on points. Upgraded to a renuvated executive room. Booked the club service of breakfast, free internet , snacks , evening drinks and tapas.  Room was huge and beautiful, but no view. At least no outside noise.  Excelllent service and stay. Great central location.",Date of stay: April 2010,4.0
2163,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2160-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great location- compromise on noise,"Benefits of the hotel are you are centrally placed for heart of London. However, this does mean the rooms are excessively noisy, so if you are a light sleeper or need a full 8hrs, i would look at some other hotels in quieter locations. The hotel also did not have any hot water in the morning, which took nearly 2hrs to fix.  Food, drinks and stay were all over priced.",Date of stay: February 2010,3.0
2164,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2160-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Great Location, but where's the service?","Le Meridien is in a great location - walkable to just about anywhere you want to go in town.  The hotel has been renovated so no problem with our room -- actually the family room was quite nice and spacious. But, where was the service.? I have not been to a hotle of late where there was no doorman and no luggage porter - but there was none during our stay, or at least none consistently.  Although our room was cleaned on time, one day there were no washcloths, one day no tissues. .I didn't use the fitness center or pool, but both looked top notch --- so all in all, while a not great hotel, it was good and i would probably stay again -",Date of stay: March 2010,3.0
2165,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2165-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",They just DON'T care !!,"I do ALOT of traveling and always try to stay at the SPG properties to keep my platinum status.  Unfortunately, the staff at the Le Meridien Piccadilly doesnt really care...  I have waited a while to write this review because I stayed here for a week in 12/2009 and had to come back last week for one night because of a colleague having an event in their reception...  I prayed that the experience would improve but I am SO horrified and Disgusted with the staff management that not only am I going to take my time to write to SPG (c) but also send a letter to the corporate Le Meridian group as well as the UK Board of Tourism...  Cons worth mentioning while in Room 225: Noisey!! Although I was ""upgraded"" the room is very outdated and views are of a generator (which is very noisy at…",Date of stay: March 2010,2.0
2166,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2165-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great London Hotel,"Excellent concierge and front of house staff. Magda was v cool. A good room is excellent and a small room is extremely small. Exc. treatment of plats. You can walk to everywhere which is fun, and a short time. Superb basement pool!",Date of stay: March 2010,4.0
2167,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2165-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great location - but NOISY NOISY - not recommended for business trip,"I try different Starwood Hotels in London on every stay. I thought that I would try the Le Meridien Picadilly, which is very convenient to SoHo and many many of London's best sites. The location is fantastic - it is close to so many sights as well as within 50 yards of convenience stores, a McDonalds and other convenient eateries. It seemed, however, that every family traveling to London knows the great location and stays there. I was put next to a room that had three youngish children and more family members across the hall. They had jetlag so all night long the kids kept going back and forth from one room to another and banging the doors. I had upgraded to a Club Room! When I complained to management they (1) told me that just because I had upgraded to a Club Room I had no…",Date of stay: March 2010,3.0
2168,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2165-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great Location But Hotel Needs Major Renovation,"We stayed for 7 nights after Christmas. This hotel is constantly busy and very centrally located. Breakfast buffet (included) is excellent. The rooms are small and old with worn carpets and skewed light fixtures. The shower/bath is Victorian, the taps were difficult to adjust (always hot) and we were scalded many times. If you are out all day shopping /sightseeing and wouldn't mind coming back to a scruffy tiny room, this is the place for you.",Date of stay: December 2009,3.0
2169,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2165-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Location couldn't be better, old property","Right in the middle of everything, this hotel is good, the reason why I wouldn't return is the price paid against dated furniture and ambience. I understand it is an old/historic building, however location is not all I paid for. Some of the staff deserve commendation for the efforts.",Date of stay: June 2007,3.0
2170,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2170-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great location - terrible hotel !,"Having stayed in a Le Meridien hotel before we expected the same quality, but how wrong we were. The location of this hotel is perfect, but that is the only positive thing I can say about it. Our room wasnt ready on arrival and when we did eventually get it, it was awful. It had a musty smell, the furniture was really old fashioned, the hairdryer was hanging off the wall and the bathroom could have been a lot cleaner !  On returning to after going to the theatre, we decided to have a nightcap. BIG MISTAKE. 2 gin and tonics and a coke, nearly £40.00 ! ! The breakfast wasnt too bad, but by this time I just wanted to leave, so probably wasnt in the right frame of mind to be objective.",Date of stay: April 2009,2.0
2171,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2170-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Disappointed: cumuliation of little things substandard,"I stayed here years ago and remembered it being better: - poor plumbing (low shower pressure, unsatisfactors toilette) - mediocre TV channels - mediocre climate control Worst: they did not respect the ""do not disturb"" sign (I was there 2 nights and don't need the room cleaned so I leave the sign on the door to give the cleaning staff and the laundry a break but they came in and made up the room anyway).",Date of stay: March 2010,3.0
2172,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2170-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, disappointed with the hotel","I booked this hotel on lastminute.com as one of their top secret hotels, so got it for about half the price it should have been. For the price I paid it was ok, I would have been very disappointed indeed if I had paid full price.  There are renovation works going on in the entrance, it was a bit like walking through a building site to get in. The doormen were very courteous and check in was quick and easy. Noone offered to take my bag to my room, which although it wasn't a heavy bag, I would have expected in this class of hotel.  My room was quite small, and the bed hard. The pillows though were to die for, soft, huge, and plenty of them. The bathroom was nothing special, the shower was hot, toiletries nice, big fluffy white towels. There was a radio in the bathroom but I never…",Date of stay: March 2010,3.0
2173,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2170-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great location for London Trip,"It was perfectly located to see all the sites in London.  Right next to the tube, shopping, museums, etc.  Rooms were a little old but did have charm.  Very clean.  We weren't missing or regretting anything.  Food was very good and the service was very good.  If you're a SPG member you won't be disappointed unless you're looking for very modern and chic lodging.",Date of stay: February 2010,4.0
2174,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2170-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Very nice,"Stayed for one night only, a Saturday and had a very enjoyable stay.  Check in was courteous and helpful and as we were early our room was not available.  Down side to this was when we returned at 5pm it was still not available!  However, we were given free beverages in the Burlington Bar whilst we waited and our luggage was delivered to the room in the meantime.  We could have complained but were most impressed with the way it was dealt with.    Our 4th room was very nice with great views over Picadilly.   The bed and pillows were too die for.  The concierge desk promptly provided an umbrella when asked and were attentive when necessary and needed.  We had a breakfast included in our rate and in the lovely Terrace restaurant  it made a refreshing change to have a ""full English""…",Date of stay: February 2010,4.0
2175,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2175-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",A 2 stars hotel that marketd as a 5 stars hotel,"I just spent 4 nights in this hotel, so I had enough time to get to know the hotel, its services and its quality.  Snobbish and very unfriendly concierges specially the British one (George was okey), slow service in front desk, noisy hotel, dirty rooms that are equipped with totally unacceptable furniture, so old bathroom with any standard,  you can see dusts on the tables.  So old and dirty sofa that you do not want to sit on it. The fabric of the sofa are broken, the brownish color of the tables confirms their condition. This is the second time I have been in Le Meridian. I tell you I would never go to this chain again. I do not know how somebody could rate this chain as a 5 starts hotel (May be a blind inspector, what about the smell?). We wanted to leave the hotel and go…",Date of stay: February 2010,1.0
2176,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2175-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Awful,"The rooms need a major renovation.  They look nothing like the pictures on the website.  They are old, dirty and not well-kept.  The staff was indifferent and sometimes rude (especially the concierge desk).  The location is very good if you want to be in the middle of evefrything.  It is very overpriced and not worth the money.",Date of stay: January 2010,1.0
2177,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2175-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",This Hotel offers location and a good gym but needs a facelift,"The layout of this hotel is not very user friendly.  I was upgraded to a very nice suite but to get there, had to go through a maze (and carry my luggage up and down steps).   The rooms were a bit shabby and hot.  For a Le Meridien, I was a bit surprised that it was not in better condition.  I would stay here again if I got a good price, but if you are paying the rack rate, there are nicer places to stay for your money.",Date of stay: February 2010,3.0
2178,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2175-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","just a place,to come again","great service,amazing location and the food was good,too. we've ennjoyed our shorttrip to london a lot. its a great place for a buisnesstrip but  a familytrip is also possible.. Just a Great Place among the piccadillyservice.",Date of stay: January 2008,4.0
2179,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2175-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",A weekend to remember and a hotel to return,"LMP is a classic. Having read the comments here I was a bit afraid, but after I contacted the hotel they assured me it would be ""a weekend to remember"". And it was!  I choose LMP for its location which is perfect. It was for the birthday of a close friend: I wanted to give here THE weekend. Our room was flawless (706) and big, temperature was a bit on the high side, but we openend a window. Service was very kind, loose and classy at the same time. Dinner at The Terrace was very good (I must admit it's a long time ago since I ate a perfect pigeon!), the Spa is a bit ""oldish"" but still good with a nice sized pool.  Such a shame the Oak Room is closed for Afternoon Tea. I remember as a kid that I loved it. Now it's in The Terrace and honestly, it's nice for dinner, but not i…",Date of stay: February 2010,4.0
2180,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2180-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Disapointing - again...,"The hotel is perfectly located, which is why I even considered staying here for the 2nd time within a year. This time it was only a one night stay, for a business meeting literally in the hotel, so I thought the hotel should have a chance to prove me wrong. The first time was summer 2009, where I was in london with my two girls, and I chose LMP because of its location and me being a SPG Gold card holder. However great the location though, it will never make up for the dreadful shape the hotel is in. It is by far the worst Le Meridien I have ever seen. It is worn down in every aspect and the rooms look like the last refurbishment was 30 years ago. I simply do not understand why a hotel that has a perfect frame in form of the great location and beautiful buliding can let it self…",Date of stay: February 2010,1.0
2181,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2180-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Chose this hotel for our 50th Anniversary 4 night stay..... Great Mini-break,"Having decided on a 4 night stay in London for our 50th Wedding Anniversary, we booked this Hotel before we read the reviews, after which I began to be a little concerned, I need not have worried, we found the staff very welcoming, the rooms very clean and comfortable and the breakfasts had ample choice. The position in Piccadilly was ideal for the theatres we had booked, and the buses and underground were just outside, thank you to all at the hotel.",Date of stay: January 2010,4.0
2182,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2180-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great Weekend,"We have stayed at Le Meridien many times and went down for my Birthday for the weekend.  We had several friends join us, so took a few rooms in total!  As a spg Platinum we got a nice upgrade and club lounge access.  The room was spacious, two bathrooms and a seperate lounge area on the 7th floor.  While the views were limited I must say it was one of the quietest rooms we have had in London, a definate plus!  There was initially an issue with the aircon, it was in heating mode, but upon mentioning it they sorted it while we were out no problem! The club lounge was excellent, with snacks in the afternoon and drinks in the evening for 2 hours.  Breafast was included in our rate so we ate in the main restaurant, which they have changed sionce we were last in there.  The selection…",Date of stay: January 2010,5.0
2183,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2180-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great location,Great location right in the middle of town.  A small walk from the London Eye. Alot of the nightclubs in this area. Loads of transport with the buses stopping right outside and the tu be a 1 minute walk away to the left as you walk out of the doors. Considering the price of London Hotels in general I feel that this wasn't too bad. As a SPG I tend to almost always stay in Starwood hotels.  A nice old grandeur feel to it once you walk in. From the Concierge to the room staff I felt that the service was consistant throughout.  I didn't experience terribly much in the hotel as I spent most of it around town but from what I did experience I would definitely book here again due to it awesome location.,Date of stay: January 2010,4.0
2184,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2180-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",dreadful,"As ann spg preferred guest i booked to stay for the weekend with my daughter in London for the weekend. We arrived on the Friday night to be shown to a club room. It was the worst room I have ever been in and I have walked out of better. After sitting in shock for 30 minutes, not daring to take my socks off I called other hotels and checked out. It was absolutely awful and I would highly recommend everyone to stay well away. It was old and scruffy. I was staying free on my reward points and that was too much! IWe finally had a great weekend staying at Brown's on Albermarle st.",Date of stay: January 2010,1.0
2185,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2185-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Location, location, location!","We got a great business deal staying at Le Meridien in the very centre of London, 30m  from Piccadully Circus.  The check-in was smooth, and we insisted the receptionist blocked the mini bar and phone (otherwise they take a deposit off the credit card, and re-credit the card sometime later).  The room was perfectly adequate, with a very comfortable double bed, a nice sized room and a well appointed bathroom.  There are tea and coffee making facilities in the rooms and internet too (but it's expensive).  The best bit of the stay was the breakfast, which was truly delicious - cooked, continental, fish, fruit, cereal, fresh bread, jams, hot filter coffee in individual pots and freshly squeezed juice.  All this was included in the price of our room.  The staff were always charming,…",Date of stay: January 2010,5.0
2186,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2185-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Old, Outdated, Desperately in need of renovation","I travel to London often and usually stay at Le Meridien Piccadilly primarily to collect Starwood points and it is in desperate need of renovation.  While the staff are excellent and service is excellent, the rooms are terribly in need of renovation.  They smell old, look old and feel old.  Compared to other hotels in the same ""class"" in London they are at the bottom of the list as in my opinion.  For the price there are many other hotels in close proximity that are more modern, clean and luxurious.",Date of stay: January 2010,2.0
2187,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2185-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",A One night Treat in Wrong Hotel,"As a family we have travelled the world and always stay at the best hotels. We chose this particular hotel as it was central to the shopping and theatres, also because it was rated a five star hotel. Althought we live only 20 miles from London I thought it would be a nice treat to stay overnight after the  theatre and do some shopping the next day. I took my 10, 12 and 14 year old and had a supieror guest room to accomodate us us a family (approx  250 pounds per night plues vat). What a huge disappointment! Room was dated with the window frames crumbling and rotting. Water stains on ceiling where there had been a leak and worn thread-bare carpets. The room was on the top flooor with no doubt rooms that need also updating. After a long conversation with management and rather…",Date of stay: December 2009,3.0
2188,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2185-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Loved it,"Fantastic location for central London - shopping and shows.  We went for my husband's birthday and the hotel provided a cake and bottle of wine for him.  The front desk were helpful, the room was clean and the maids were very friendly.   But I have to give a special mention to the breakfast and the staff in the breakfast room.  There was everything there that you could want and it was replenished frequently - we loved the smoked salmon and scrambled egg!   The hotel was full and there was a queue for breakfast but the staff dealt with it quickly and efficiently.   Would definitely stay there on our next visit to London.",Date of stay: December 2009,5.0
2189,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2185-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Good location, but very run-down room","I had a free night to use, so I redeemed it for a night in london to do xmas sale shopping.  The location is amazing, cannot beat this, with piccadilly and everything on your doorstep. Although we were on the main street, it was very quiet on the 6th floor.  I had a free upgrade to a suite.  The room was very run-down, and in a strange layout and shape.  The heating in the bedroom didn't work, so we were very cold in the middle of the night.  The bathroom was cleaned, but because it was so run down, it felt dirty.  The swimming pool was good.  I didn't pay for my room as it was a reward.  If I was paying, I would not have stayed in.  The condition of the rooms were awful, but have to say, location is very very good.",Date of stay: December 2009,3.0
2190,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2190-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Best Ever!,"My wife and I booked a double room for our anniversary. We were upgraded to a Club Room, which was the best ever and we got a bottle of champagne. Everything about our stay was excellent and I believe this hotel is hard to beat. BEST EVER!!!",Date of stay: December 2009,5.0
2191,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2190-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, clean, nice rooms","We got a great deal on lastminute.com and everything going forward was great too.  The staff, from the doorman to the reception desk people to the bartenders, were all very friendly and helpful, the room was clean and updated and the bar was a relaxing place to have a coffee and a snack while I waited for the room to be ready.  Plus, you just can't beat the location.  It's right in the thick of all the action.  We recommend this hotel.",Date of stay: November 2009,5.0
2192,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2190-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",AMAZING STAY!,"Ugh, I hate that there are negative reviews about this hotel!  My partner and I stayed here during our trip around the world and were blown away by the customer service we received.  When we arrived we used the SPG desk and David McNamara went above and beyond in welcoming us to the property, gave us our SPG upgrade, allowed us to leave our bags with him so that we could immediately jump into the city.  He offered great advice on where to start and asked if we needed reservations/car/etc.  When we returned to our room, we were pleasantly surprised with how lovely and large it was.  It was decorated similar to other (nicer) SPG properties, had a fantastic view of Piccadilly, and was spacious, clean, modern.  David also sent up a bottle of wine and some sweets for us!    Customer…",Date of stay: November 2009,5.0
2193,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2190-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Very disappointing,"This hotel is very disappointing. A great location in the middle of the London touristy areas, but the hotel is REALLY old and the rooms seem older than the actual building.  I wouldn't stay here again.",Date of stay: June 2009,2.0
2194,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2190-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Fantastic Location,The hotel is in a great location. The club lounge was excellent. Although some of the room furnishings were a little worn the room was very clean and comfortable. Would definitely stay there again.,Date of stay: October 2009,4.0
2195,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2195-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",the pool is fab..  hope you can get the shower to work,"This was another booking with lastminute and I have been delighted with their choices so far, or perhaps I have just struck lucky! This hotel is perfectly located, only a short hop from Piccadilly Circus station which is on the piccadilly line from Kings X so excellent for me. I arrived with ten minutes to spare for a fave tv prog - 19.50 - so was desperate for a quick check in. It wasn't too bad although queue was forming behind me and I got up in the lift to floor 3 with a couple of minutes to spare.  Pah!  Key did not fit and I had to haul luggage back down to the very small 2 station reception.  I avoided this by using the concierge who found out that the reception clerk had allocated me the incorrect room and sorted it v quickly.  So I only missed 5 mins of my fave 30…",Date of stay: November 2009,4.0
2196,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2195-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",A very pleasant surprise!,"I booked this hotel via LastMinute.com 'secret hotels' at a great rate but then read the reviews here and started to worry... but my fears were unfounded.  At check-in I asked for a refurbished room and was given one on the 8th floor, looking over Piccadilly, with views of Big Ben and the London Eye.  The (double) room #804 wasn't huge but was big enough, was spotlessly clean and very comfortable.  The location of this hotel is unbeatable, in easy walking distance of all the theatres, Leicester Square etc.  The water pressure in the shower wasn't usual hotel force, but was perfectly adequate.  All the staff I spoke to during my stay were very polite and keen to be as helpful as possible.  I will definitely stay here again.",Date of stay: November 2009,4.0
2197,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2195-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great Location!,"The location can't be beat - walking distance to many attractions and right by Piccadilly Circus tube station.  Hotel is older, but our room was clean and service was great. If ever in London again, we will definitely return.",Date of stay: August 2009,4.0
2198,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2195-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Worst hotel stay ever,"I recently stayed at Le Meridien Piccadilly on a business trip to London.  Maybe my worst hotel stay ever.  Had to change rooms 3 times over 5 nights due to problem after problem after problem.  One room had literally zero floor space.  Second room was cold and the heat didn't work.  Then had a room that was too hot and the cooling would not work.  Hotel was undergoing noisy construction with drilling and hammering taking place.  Staff didn't know what was going on (I was told construction would cease at 5 pm, then when it continued and I complained, was told it would continue until 7 pm or later).  Elevators were sketchy.  At least one morning, only one was working so three elevators went by that were full before one came that I was able to get on.  Twice my room was not made…",Date of stay: October 2009,1.0
2199,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2195-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Long in  the tooth is being generous. Don't waste  your money!,"This is a Meridien? It's hard to believe. This place is a worn out hotel reminds me of a location where the lease is almost up and they have no desire to renew it and thus, don't spend anything to improve it.  We were on the 3rd floor (room 338). The lamps in the room were falling apart, the room was small and everything was of lesser quality than a Hampton Inn back in the USA. I wish I were kidding. It was also expensive. And like a lot of luxury hotels, they soak you for everything...such as internet, (was it $30/day?) which is outrageous. The problem with soaking customers for something that is otherwise free in most other hotels isn't that we couldn't afford it, but rather that it leaves a bad felling that we were being soaked for it.   On the good side, is the rather…",Date of stay: October 2009,2.0
2200,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2200-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, average room","Had booked the Park Lane Sheraton but was overbooked and offered Le Meridien as an alternative by the duty manager who was most helpful. On arrival at Le Meridien the staff were equally helpful and offered a free upgrade to a better quality double room with free breakfast thrown in (at £21 for continental it certainly would not be worth having breakfast here!!). Room was facing Picadilly but there was minimal street noise. Compact, but well furnished room with tea/coffee facility. TV with reasonable range of channels. Comfy bed but noisy a/c which i had to turn off in order to sleep. Bathroom compact but tiled and clean with a good shower.   Overall the room was fairly average and I honestly don't know how much it would have cost if booked directly. Location can't be beaten,…",Date of stay: October 2009,3.0
2201,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2200-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","If You Want to Waste Your Money, Stay Here!","I have stayed at Motel 6's that have been nicer than this hotel!  As you can tell by the other review, this hotel is worn and beat.  They obviously don't invest their profits in making it a nicer place which is a shame.  Not only is hotel high priced as far as rooms go, they also stab it to you for everything else.  Phone calls to the States will set you back over $10.00 per minute!  They will deliver you a newspaper, but don't mention it will cost you about $4.00 each.  Internet Service is way expensive.  Read the fine print on all the in-room literature or you will find yourself paying for charity causes unless you opt out. Better to go to the nearest Starbucks and use their free wi-fi.  The only good things about this hotel is its location, and our room was pretty quiet, and…",Date of stay: October 2009,2.0
2202,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2200-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Depressing, very poor value for money","We stayed three nights with our kids in this hotel. Whad too rooms: one very large one for ourselves, one smaller one for the children. I immediately noticed and was appalled by the night table lights, which had crooked and falling shades and economy neon bulbs, which I feel is totally inappropriate. How a hotel of this class could even consider giving neon to their customers for night table lamps is beyond me. Combined with the equally depressing and old and weak lights on the wall, the lighting was, generally, feeble and depressing.   The furniture/upholstery was old, worn and stained. The curtain rods and hangers were mangled; the curtains themselves were old and sagged and did not shut properly. In our room, to access the curtains you had to pull back the desk, which was…",Date of stay: September 2009,2.0
2203,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2200-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Great Hotel, Wonderful Pool, Excellent position","I booked a 'Secret Hotel' through Lastminute.com, to celebrate our 1st wedding anninversay, whilst taking in a show, chinatown etc... Upon finding out the Hotel, I was very pleased with the choice, 1st class position to West End, all the facilities & amenities one would need - but reading the reviews, I became more than a little concerned with some of the comments. So I rang the Hotel directly, and spoke with the Duty Manager, to allay my fears. He was very helpful, understood and and had read the comments made. He was more than happy to confirm that the Hotel would do everything it could to esnure our stay with them would be memorable, and not effect our special day. And that it did!!.... and some. He admitted that some rooms may need some attention, but many others have been…",Date of stay: October 2009,5.0
2204,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2200-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Central Location, but Noisy and Worn Room","Have previously stayed at Park Lane Sheraton several times, but switched to Le Meridien in the hopes that this Starwood property would have rooms more befitting the location and star rating. Le Meridien offered a huge room with high ceilings and impressive windows, drapery. Once a grand room, I'm sure. Nice sized beds for a twin room, but between the beds the carpet was patched and had a bump underneath. Flat screen TV, but bathroom was tiny and had older hardware. Service at hotel was nice. Location is ridiculously central and the tube is literally around the corner. Still, the trade-off was a very noisy Regents street hub all night long.",Date of stay: September 2009,3.0
2205,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2205-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","abysmal rooms, but great location","The hotel's location offers great access to the City's attractions, but the hotel rooms are very, very tired.  The bathroom had paint peeling everywhere and felt dark and unclean.  The hotel's staff, however, is attentive and very helpful.",Date of stay: October 2009,2.0
2206,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2205-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Not worth the money.,"On my recent trip to London I stayed at La Meridien, I booked 4 nights. I moved the next day  right after I arranged for another hotel. La Meridien is old and run down, the lobby smells, my room smelled dusty, it was not very clean, there was no slippers, bathrobe, nothing nice. Water pressure was low, hairdryer missing. I did not even feel like ordering room service, i went to check out the fitness club and was not impressed as well. Even when I tried to express check out from my room it did not work.  I was not expecting such an experience, they really should not be charging that much for this kind of place. I moved to Langham hotel the next day!",Date of stay: September 2009,2.0
2207,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2205-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Nice Hotel & PERFECT Location,"We stayed at this hotel for 3 nights in June booked through hotwire.  We were concerned due to many of the reviews on this site.  It seems as if there are renovated rooms and ""soon to be renovated"" rooms.  Knowing we booked through hotwire we were concerned we'd get the latter.  Emailed the hotel and expressed our concerns.  Arrived at the hotel at noon and were told we could have a room immediately or wait about 2 hours and get a nicer room at no extra charge.  Room was small but extremely clean, bathroom was clearly brand new.  Elevators were a little slow but no big deal.  Would definitely recommend this hotel however would not pay their advertised price of over 200 pounds a night.  Location truly can't be beat.",Date of stay: June 2009,4.0
2208,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2205-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",100% Location - 0% Hotel,"Hotel is lousy, let's be frank. You have a decent, comfy bed in a terrible hotel in an amazing location for tourists. NO ONE but first time london tourists should stay here... unless you are cashing in starwood points which is what i did. in that case, it's great.   Seriously though, 5 stars? Category 5? who are they kidding? 3 star at best.",Date of stay: September 2009,2.0
2209,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2205-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, but hotel needs some TLC","The hotel has an amazing location--perfect.  However, the room I was in, which was an upgraded room, was a bit shabby and in need of some renovation.  I was also positioned at the end of a very long hallway that had several sets of stairs, which were not easily navigated with luggage, etc.  I was also positioned across from a very loud and frequently used door employees used to access the back of the house.  SQUEAKY OLD SWING DOORS!",Date of stay: September 2009,3.0
2210,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2210-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Excellent Location, Nice rooms, fabulous amenities","You can't ask for a better location in London.  Directly adjacent to Piccadilly Circus and the tube.  Near all the tourist spots, but also near some hot local spots.  The staff is friendly and the hotel amenities are fantastic- the health club and spa are five star.  One of the best hotel pools I have ever seen.  The Terrace Restaurant is lovely- great ambiance and try the ice cream sundaes!  The price is high, but worth the splurge.",Date of stay: September 2009,5.0
2211,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2210-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",WONDERFUL!!!! BEST VACATION EVER,"I just wanted to come up for air  and just THANK YOU, THANK YOU, THANK YOU for the best vacation ever.  I have been bragging ever since I have returned.  I got the best service ever from the bellman, front desk, housekeeping was the best ever. Oh my God the bed was the best  and if I could have put those pillows in my suitcase I would have.  Thank you Meridien for giving me the best vacation/birthday ever.  I will return and I WILL recommend your hotel.",Date of stay: September 2009,5.0
2212,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2210-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Run Down...Very Disappointing!,"Elevators don't usually work, carpets are worn and dirty, and wiring is exposed.  Furniture in the rooms are sourced from three generations of a thrift market.  Air conditioning and internet does not always work properly.  It is a real shame that this hotel has been allowed to degrade...",Date of stay: September 2009,1.0
2213,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2210-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",As Usual Le Meridien lived up to what we have come to expect!,"My Girlfriend and I stay at Le M probably four times per year and each time we come away feeling totally rested and refreshed.  The Staff are good and can't do enough for you and they do their best to accomodate your every need.  This time, they excelled themselves, our room was just lovely, it was spacious and comfortable.  We ran out of tea bags and within minutes they replaced them.  The swimming pool was as usual lovely and with late check out we were able to swim this morning and get ready to come home without rush or fuss.  We will return in December to recharge our batteries and once again enjoy Le Meridien.",Date of stay: September 2009,5.0
2214,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2210-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Dismal room with filthy carpeting/furniture. Bathrooms floors cracked.,"Firstly the pluses:  LOCATION - Can't be beat. Right there in the heart of Piccadilly. We walked to the shops restaurants and some attractions. The tube was just a minute away.   BREAKFAST - Expensive at GBP20 but it is excellent. Service, food, the variety. It was like a different world compared to the other parts of the hotel. The breakfast area was new, refurbished and very well lit with natural light streaming in. The wait staff here were so friendly and approachable. They were helpful in trying to help me find one or two excellent products they had. Teba espeically went out of her way to help me and was lovely to talk to. Only one in the hotel I felt who cared abt customers.  CONCIERGE - Very busy but on the whole, a nice, helpful lot. One gave me wrong ( tube/bus tkt…",Date of stay: August 2009,1.0
2215,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2215-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Fabulous hotel,"We have just returned from two nights stay at Le Meridien The hotel is perfectly placed, a stone's throw from galleries, main sights, theatres and night life  The hotel itself is fabulous from the sumptuous beds (where do they get the lovely pillows) to the staff.  Breakfast was lush The receptionist made us feel instantly welcome and in fact all staff were more than helpful It was my partner's birthday and the hotel left a lovely cake and complimentary wine in the room This is a real find in the centre of London and we will certainly go again",Date of stay: August 2009,5.0
2216,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2215-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Enjoyable stay,"I boooked this hotel with a free night promo, so I really wasnt expecting much. I have heard so many stories of guest checking into hotels with a free voucher or  heavily discounted though lastminute or something and given the worst room of the house, so I was already prepared for this.  Before booking, I called up the hotel to ask about room config as I would need an extra bed for my son, I was told by Maria at guest relations that although tight a rollaway could fit in the room, but for £30 I could upgrade to a deluxe with 2 queens, I asked if i could view rooms upon arrival and this was agreed. I checked in around 3pm and was greeted by a very cheerful recepionist who pointed me over to Maria, I was instantly greeted with a big warm smile by Maria who then showed us to 2…",Date of stay: August 2009,4.0
2217,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2215-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Had high hopes, unfortunately not that great.","I have walked past this hotel many, many times in the past several years and had always though it would be a great place to stay. I have stayed at other hotels in the nearby area and thought I would give it a try for a one night stay travelling with my daughter to the London area last week.  So we arrive at the hotel at about 11am and there is no one at the door to help with bags, and we head to the desk to check in. We are told we could have an early check in but would have to wait about an hour, which is great news. We go for a quick bite to eat and come back at about 12:30 and are able to get checked in. We are told our bags are going to be sent up immediately, so we head up to our room. 30 mins later still no bags so I phone down and am told they have just been sent up. 15…",Date of stay: August 2009,1.0
2218,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2215-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Excellent hotel, perfect location, fantastic staff","This hotel is a gem.  We stayed for 6 days in August.  We did have a club room which allowed free internet, continental breakfast, etc.  The room was large with 2 comfy chairs. Of course the beds and pillows were so comfortable.  The staff in this hotel from SPG check in, to doormen, to maids, concierge were so friendly and made you feel very welcome. The room service food was delicious.  I can't say enough good things about this hotel and its employees.  The location is central to everything.  We will definitely come back here. Excellent!!!!!  A must is to eat at Richoux's which is a few blocks from hotel.",Date of stay: August 2009,5.0
2219,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2215-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Good location but issues with theft and dated rooms,"I've stayed at the Le Meridien a couple of times before and had a reasonable experience but unfortunately this trip fell a long way short and resulted in a large amount of cash being stolen from my bags.  First the positives :- The location is great and provides easy access to the whole of the west end of London. In general, the staff are pretty good and do try to assist if there are any issues  The negatives :-  Rooms - They are old and dated and in need of updating. When I've stayed in the past, my SPG status has resulted in an upgrade and the suites are nice. However, the hotel was full this time and my 'preferred room' was rejected due to the condition and location of it (my preference is for the smaller, quieter rooms on the upper floors). The second room was ok but not…",Date of stay: August 2009,1.0
2220,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2220-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",great location,"i stayed 1 nite w/ my bf before our flight back. the location is fab that u can be missed. fortnum & mason is just opposite to the hotel! polite and helpful staff. one con is that u need to drag yr luggage a long way to find yr room, and some stairs u need to drag along as well.",Date of stay: August 2009,4.0
2221,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2220-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Is it really a 5* hotel?,"Arrived early by taxi, doorman just stood at the door while we struggled in with our luggage and did not even open the door once he realised we were staying. Found reception, booked in but told we would have to wait until 3pm. They were able to look after our luggage so we went off for something to eat in Leicester Sq which is just 5min walk and arrived back at 3pm ready for book in. We were then kept waiting, along with three other couples/families for an available room. 25 minutes later a room was allocated but we were unable to get into the room as the electronic key cards did not work so that meant another trip down to a rather cold and unhelpful reception. Several others were also complaining about their keys not working. Once in, with a new set of key cards, we relaxed…",Date of stay: August 2009,3.0
2222,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2220-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great location but run-down rooms,"London is expensive, but you generally get what you pay for. Not in this case.   The location is absolutely brilliant, smack bang in the middle of Picadilly. Shopping, food and entertainment everywhere. Extremely convenient. The hotel facade was stunning, and the pool was nice.   The bed was supremely comfortable, and the flatscreen TV has a great selection of channels. Unfortunately the rest of the room hasnt been touched since the 70s. The worn down furniture was stained and the wall paper peeling. The shower head (and plumbing) had terrible pressure, was adorned with grime and hasnt been replaced for 20 years. Such issues are unacceptable when you are shelling out £240 a night. For that price you get a worn down decripit room from the 70s with a new bed and tv and thats about…",Date of stay: August 2009,2.0
2223,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2220-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Comfortable but prefer others,Room I had (upgraded as SPG gold member) was good with separate desk area but overall a bit disappointed. Lifts slow and quirky and their mood noise (not music)  distinctively odd. The restaurant was poor in terms of choice and value. Breakfast packed and far better option to go to one of the coffee bar chains nearby.  There are better choices in London for this price.,Date of stay: July 2009,3.0
2224,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2220-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great Location,"Used starwood points which made it very affordable.  Paid 30GBP extra per day for club room access which offered free breakfast, wifi, drinks and hors d'oevres.  Staff very friendly and helpful.  1 block from tube.  Walking distance to everything.  Numerous restaurants and shopping nearby.  I was concerned about noise but we had no issues at all.  We were upgraded to a jr. suite which was HUGE (especially in comparison to the normal hotel size in London).  I would certainly stay here again!",Date of stay: July 2009,4.0
2225,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2225-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Awesome location - great choice for a classy London touring holiday,"My partner and I spent five nights at Le Meridien Piccadilly for our five day visit to London.  The location is truly outstanding - this will allow you to save a lot of time and energy for getting to most of the sights in London.  Arrived on an early morning flight into Heathrow Airport.  Since both the airport and hotel are on the Piccadilly tube line, this allows for easy transfer from the airport via the tube (MUCH cheaper and actually less hassle than the Heathrow Express train).  The entrance and lobby of the hotel right on Piccadilly is quite regal looking - I felt priveleged to be staying here right in the center of the action!  Check-in was handled expertly and courteously by Maria - she was eager to get us into a room right away even though it was only 10AM.  We were…",Date of stay: July 2009,4.0
2226,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2225-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Relaxing and comfortable stay,"Got a good deal with Last Minute for a night in London with my daughter. I didn't expect much after reading the various reviews and when we arrived early for check in was pleased with the helpful and courteous staff. Our overnight bags were whisked away whcih left us free to go and get some lunch and  theatre tickets. When we came back we were allocated our room which was roomy, bright and airy with large windows. Air con worked fine.Bathroom small but perfectly adequate with a range of toiletries and a bottle of water. Bed and bedding extremely comfortable. Robes in wardrobe. For the price I paid, it was extraordinarily good value. Gym looked great and pool welcoming but unfortunately children only allowed to swim from 6-8.30 in the evening (perhaps not  the same rules at…",Date of stay: July 2009,4.0
2227,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2225-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Amazing suite (SPG redemption),"I would second other comments, but this review is aimed at Starpoints redeemers.   First, the overall stuff. Fantastic location in several senses: close to Trafalgar Square/Buckingham; super-easy to main stations like King's Cross/St Pancras via Tube; and smack dab in center of theater district. The staff are good but a bit harried, the facilities show a wee bit of wear (I actually found it quite comfortable, rather than tired-looking), and the hotel services like bar and internet are rather expensive. (My 'quesadilla' at the bar was 5 pounds and was smaller than a Taco Bell soft taco.) Always a wait at the elevators, which are strangely small.   Now, the SPG-related notes. I booked a basic room using SPG points and was upgraded free to the largest hotel suite I have ever stayed…",Date of stay: July 2009,5.0
2228,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2225-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",great location,"this hotel is located right near a tube stop and walking distance to lots of sights all over london!  the hotel is near lots of restaurants and nightlife.  the staff was a little indifferent, but the rooms are roomy and nice.",Date of stay: July 2009,4.0
2229,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2225-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Overpriced view of the dining room,"I stayed at the Meridien Picadilly for one night on business, checking in early following a flight from Australia - so paid for two nights. The room was typical for London - very small, but imagine my surprise when I opened the curtains to find a view of the dining room. The bathroom taps dripped, and the floor boards creaked. A room like this should be heavily discounted - not the 500 Pds corporate rate I paid.",Date of stay: July 2009,2.0
2230,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2230-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Good hotel, great location",We stayed our first three nights in Europe.  Very easy to get to from Heathrow on the Tube; arrived at the hotel at 9:30 am and they were very accommodating holding our luggage as we went to get food -- then they had our rooms ready at 10:00 am! which was a bonus for weary travelers.  The rooms were larger than I expected -- older but completely adequate and clean.  The air conditioning was superb for a European hotel -- the BEST of our whole two-week trip through Europe.  Skip the hotel restaurant -- there are SO many other wonderful choices available.  The location of this hotel cannot be beat -- you can walk to EVERYTHING and the tube stop is 1/2 block away.  You walk 5 minutes through PIcadilly Circus and you are in Covent Garden and Leicester Square for dinner.  Walk the…,Date of stay: July 2009,4.0
2231,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2230-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Cant beat the Location,"The location is IDEAL off Piccadilly, close to everything and the Tube stop and yet quiet. Although the front desk always had a wait, not the end of the world.  The gym/spa has been upgraded from the last time I was year (about 1 1/2 years ago)... love the pool but the locker areas need stiffing up.    The rooms are good in that they are are not your standard shape and decor and bed are very comfy; big bath towels too!  Wish they provided the bill under my door like all the other Starwood properties, to save me from having to wait to check out.   Overall a very good hotel and pleasant stay,",Date of stay: July 2009,4.0
2232,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2230-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great Location and Great Staff,"My son and I stayed one night and were plesantly surprised at the hotel. This my thrid trip to London this year on business and 1st time staying at this hotel. After reading some of the reviews, we were a little concerned especially since I was planning on going back to the hotel July 24th for 2 nights with my family of 5 for vacation. The front desk staff was extremely helpful . We arrived at about 1:30pm after a 10 hour flight from LAX, and the room was not ready as they were full the night before. I advised them that we had a meeting we needed to get changed for and leave by 3 pm. They offered the spa for us to freshen up in and change. They then rushed the room and had us in by 2:30. We got a nice gift of fresh fruit delivered to our room as SPG members. The bed was great…",Date of stay: July 2009,4.0
2233,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2230-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Hotel ok, but forget the Restaurant !","We have stayed in the LE MERIDIEN as we were having a short Trip to London. We do always try to stay in Starwood Hotels because, until now, we have always been very satisfied with this Group. However, this might change...  The Hotel As many before,  yes, the Hotel is outworn. It's old but charming. We had a Room on the 4th Floor. They said this floor was renovated, but then I don't want to see the other floors. The carpet was so dirty I would put shoes on to my dog to pass over it. The Pool was great, but also there the changing Rooms are not what you expect in a 5 Star. It was more like a 3 Star or less.  The Breakfast Splendid. No really, this was by far the most complete breakfast I've ever seen in a Hotel. Above all expectations !  The Restaurant Well, that's the other side…",Date of stay: July 2009,3.0
2234,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2230-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Nice hotel with issues,"Plusses:  location, responsive staff, nice in-door pool and steam room, plus a well-stocked Club lounge and food presentation.  Minuses:  Guest rooms could benefit from an update, housekeeping was hit-or-miss, and common areas were uncomfortably warm.  Overall,  a nice but unexceptional stay.  That said, I still would return to this property.  SPG PLA on points.",Date of stay: June 2009,4.0
2235,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2235-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Terrible rooms but good location,"This is not your typical Le Meridien as the rooms are terrible. The carpeting is full of stains, the AC is not existent and in the common areas it is uncomfortably warm. There was also a very bad odor in the room that never went away. The only plus here is the location which is right in the middle of restaraunts, night life and site seeing. I travel to London a few times a year and I will not stay at the Le Meridien Piccadilly ever again. This hotel is in MAJOR need of renovation and I suggest they shut down the entire property and rehab the entire property.",Date of stay: July 2009,3.0
2236,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2235-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",a great hotel in a great location,"This hotel was in a great location (as there was a tube strike) our whole stay and the city was in gridlock.  We were able to walk to most attractions, great restaurants/ shopping and theatre. The a/c wasnt good, but you get that in the uk/europe. The concierge here were magic, they were the most helpful during our months visit to europe. Of mention was the young south afrikan dutch boy. dont waste your money on upgrading to club statis , it wasnt worth the money and the staff were over run each night trying to keep up the drink and food.",Date of stay: June 2009,4.0
2237,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2235-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, hotel ok","The hotel location is fantastic, pool is a very special feature of this hotel, the SPG club lounge facilities are below par for Starwood, as the space devoted to the Club lounge is cramped and stuffy.  I experienced great service from front door staff, but check in was slow.  Requested newspapers don't arrive, so be sure to insist.  Platinum upgrades are possible, but not without requesting.",Date of stay: July 2009,3.0
2238,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2235-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great start to 50th anniversary trip.,"Our first stop on our European trip to celebrate our 50th anniversary was LeMeridien Piccadilly.  It was a fabulous location, very nice room and excellent breakfast (included).  Would definitely stay there again.  Only problem encountered was mini-fridge never worked, but we were incorrectly charged for 4 bottles of water.  Credit was issued with apologies.",None,4.0
2239,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2235-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",the manager sally is rude,"was discriminated against at the front door when entering after hours.  complained to the manager sally, but she didnt care and was rude.  not happy- particularly as I spend over 200 nights a year in starwood hotels.",Date of stay: June 2009,1.0
2240,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2240-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Still my place to stay in London,"This was my 3rd stay at the LeMeridien Piccadilly in the last year and Im happy to say this was the best one yet! Things have improved since the last time I stayed here. Some of the rooms have been upgraded; they are clean, nice but still on the small side. However, the building itself is old, and very warm in the common areas, to the point where its almost uncomfortable.   The two major draws to this hotel are the Staff and the location. As I have said in a previous review location is the best in London. The Staff at this hotel is what keeps me coming back. I am a huge Mandarin Oriental fan, and generally stay there when there is one available. However, I could not think about staying anywhere other than this hotel.  From the moment I walked in, I was happy to see Jaques, by…",Date of stay: June 2009,4.0
2241,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2240-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Superb location,Stone throw from Piccadilly Circus tube station.  5 min walk from Leicester Square.  Walking distance to Oxford Circus.  Room small.  Bathroom good size.  Friendly staff.  We asked for a converter and one was brought up immediately.  Flat screen TV but very limited channels - satellite channels available for fee.  Internet service available for fee but free on Mezzanine Club level.  Nice selection of continental breakfast item and afternoon snacks.  Make sure to take some time and use the pool facilities.  Only downside 1) feels like part of the room was renovated and part was not.  The bed was comfy.  There was a giant stain on the headboard that's satin/fabric but if you don't look closely you won't notice.  The furniture however felt sticky.  2) There were only 2 elevators…,Date of stay: June 2009,4.0
2242,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2240-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely London getaway in a great hotel,"I enjoyed a lovely stay in this hotel in June on a great deal from hotwire. For location, you can't ask for better. Right in the centre of nightlife, shopping and tons of restaurants, you can't find a better spot. Saying that, our stay was quiet and relaxing. All guests have access to a lovely pool, jacuzzi, sauna and gym. The hotel also provides all the towels you need plus lovely robes and slippers. The pillows are gigantic, the beds are very comfortable and the shower pressure is perfect. It's a great spot for exploring the city too with the Piccadilly line seconds from the hotel door.I have been to London before but this was the best trip ever with great thanks to this fantastic hotel.",Date of stay: June 2009,4.0
2243,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2240-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Forget it,"I have a couple of words for you: worn, old, tired, outdated, pricey, noisy..  The location is good if you are in town for shopping. But things are sooo outdated in this place. Elevators under renovation (causing minute long waites), staff has seen better days (not rude, but not really friendly/helpful eitehr), the rooms are outdated and worn (my superior room was large in size though), furniture was certainly classy (30 years ago). Slowest internet I have seen in a business hotel. And no WLAN in room.",Date of stay: June 2009,2.0
2244,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2240-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Very Dissapointed,"This was my first stay to Le Meridien Piccadilly.  My firm uses this hotel almost exclusively since our London office is in close proximity (literally a 3 minute walk).  I was excited to stay here, since it looked so great on the website.   I was truly dissapointed with the rooms in the hotel, especially for what we were paying a night!  After this trip, my colleagues and I are seriously discussing staying elsewhere in the future.  I must say, the staff was excellent.   Every interaction with them was positive.  They were helpful, and definitely went ""above"" (as I would expect with this brand).  Upon check-in, I was told I was being upgraded.  I really would hate to see what the ""standard"" room looked like if I received an upgrade.  Comments about the room: 1. Floors squeeked…",Date of stay: June 2009,2.0
2245,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2245-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Very Disappointing;  Certainly Not A Credit to Starwood or Le Meridien,"Despite the somewhat negative reviews on TripAdvisor I booked this hotel using Starwood Points.  I also paid 60 pounds per night for an upgrade to the Club level where I was informed via the website that rooms had been upgraded.    The room I received was not at all upgraded; in fact, all furnishings were old, the room was on two levels, with the desk ""upstairs"" and the bed, a lumpy, very uncomfortable affair, ""downstairs"", and a tiny bathroom that was well below the typical size for a London hotel.    Back at the front desk I asked about the so-called upgrade and was informed that yes I'd been upgraded.  The hotel finally agreed to put me in a better room but after an uncomfortable first night I left the hotel, very disappointed.  If the entire property was as you view upon…",Date of stay: June 2009,2.0
2246,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2245-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Not worth the Le Meridien brand,"This is was my third and last stay at this hotel. This hotel is clearly stuck in time and is only good for its location (next door to starbucks) and for its fantastic gym and full-size pool. Everything else is not worth the brand. I travel 2 weeks of every month and stay at primarily Starwood brands, so have been in different Le Meridiens across Europe. The ones in Vienna and Turin are very nice, and even the dated property in Brussels has a lot going for it. But this London property just needs too much in repairs. So where do I begin...   Every time I stayed here I had to move rooms. If the room furnishings, which are generally very old, were ok, then the bathroom are typical of 3-stars or less: rusty shower heads and bathtubs, low ceilings, banged up doors, reminding me of…",Date of stay: June 2009,2.0
2247,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2245-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Pleasant Surprise,"We thoroughly enjoyed our stay at the Le Meridien Piccadilly.  There was some concern with a few of the negative reviews, but we were pleasantly surprised that none of it was evident.  The internet service was pricey, but this seems to be fairly consistant for hotels in London.",Date of stay: June 2009,5.0
2248,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2245-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",What a shame !,"I stayed two nights with my daughter aged 10. After check out, they sent me an invoice two days later for £120 of minibar !!! Of course, I never used anything from that minibar. I sent the same day an e-mail to the writer of the invoice and to the guest relation manager... I am still waiting for an answer to my claim and for my money back.  What a shame !!! If you stay at the Meridien, don't give your credit card number !!!",Date of stay: June 2009,1.0
2249,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2245-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","good hotel for its price point, but they need more staff","Location's great, a few yards from Piccadilly circus and tube.  No complaints there.   I was staying on a client's account, but I believe the room rate was very attractive (tho' that's probably a function of the recession - may not always be the case!).  The room was fine, typical 4-5 star London hotel style, a bit overdone for my taste but no complaints; very little sunlight, but again, this is in the middle of a big city, so no real complaint.  The bathroom was good, with a bathtub and good lighting.  The internet worked fine (tho' like all the ancilliaries it was very expensive) and there was a kettle to make tea (the most important facility in my book!).  Breakfast was very good - a multicultural choice with great variety, in a sunny room with a good range of newspapers…",Date of stay: May 2009,4.0
2250,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2250-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Fantastic Location, Fantastic Staff","This was my second visit to the hotel on Starwood Points as a Gold SPG member.  This year, having read some of the recent comments about air conditioning, I contacted the hotel in advance to make sure I could get a room with a good air conditioner.  The response was immediate and fantastic.  SPG concierges Maria and David tag teamed to answer all my questions and offer me an upgraded room with good air conditioner.  When I got there, I found they had booked me in an upgraded junior suite with a separate living room, bedroom, and modern bath and an air conditioner that kept the room to my liking (cold!) The room didn't have a view, other than the air shaft, but other than needing to call the concierge in the morning to check the weather, it wasn't an issue. The linens were soft …",Date of stay: May 2009,5.0
2251,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2250-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Thank you,"My girlfriend & I spent last saturday night in London & had an great time staying at this hotel. I have to be honest and say that this was a complimentary night very kindly offered by the hotel, as we'd had an awful room on our previous stay there. We were given a deluxe room on the 4th floor (room 423, if interested) and it was everything we wished for & more, stunning, apart from the view, which always seems to be looking inwards at all the ducts & other rooms. I do wonder which rooms get to overlook Piccadilly. However, I'd just like to thank the hotel for keeping their promise and giving the two of us a fantastic w/end. Our faith is very much restored in this hotel. Thank you very much.",Date of stay: May 2009,5.0
2252,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2250-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Time for an upgrade,"Just had a two night stay at Le Meridien which prooved to be disappointing. I have stayed many times at the hotel and this is the first time I have been disappointed. You can not fault the staff, location, pool or the Terrace bar. However, I think it is definetely time for the rooms to have an upgrade. Checked in at 6pm after a long day at work which involved travelling from 5pm that morning. 1st room - stank of paint, so at least the upgrading has commenced. Waited an hour for 2nd room which I didn't mind. Settled in for an early night - room service and a movie. The movies did not work despite the valient efforts of an engineer. Had bath instead - enabled me to notice that the bathroom needed a good clean. Had to ring down for a hairdryer. Did not get much sleep due to…",Date of stay: May 2009,3.0
2253,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2250-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Le Meridien Piccadilly...Great Location,"As Starwood Preferred Gold Members, we typically book Starwood properties for a majority of our travel.  Having booked this hotel then reading some of the reviews on Trip Advisor, we were a little nervous as to what we were going to walk into.  Please note, we were pleasantly surprised and pleased with our selection.  We were so glad that we didn't change to either of the other Starwood properties in London!    This hotel is within walking distance to Piccadilly Circus, Regents Street (great shopping), theater district (Phantom of the Opera/MaMa Mia/etc.), major attractions (Westminster, Trafalgar Square, National Gallery, Buckingham Palace, St James/Green Parks, etc).  If walking is not your cup of tea, the Piccadilly Underground is a 1-2 min walk to the left of the hotel and a…",Date of stay: May 2009,5.0
2254,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2250-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",A fantastic stay for a surprize celebration,"My husband surprized me with a theatre trip for my 50th birthday. The hotel was brilliant, in the centre of everything. Staff were fantastic and couldn't do enough for you. Being able to leave our bag knowing it was safe on the day we left meant we could enjoy a full day around London. Only thing that we were not sure of and could find info on was the autocharge mini bar. Hope we were not charged for just looking. Other than that could not fault this lovely hotel and would love to go again very soon.",Date of stay: May 2009,5.0
2255,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2255-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Reasonable Expectation = Excellent Stay,"We stayed 6 nights at Le Meridien Piccadilly.  We made our reservation via hotwire.  We were initially a little nervous about it as we read some horrible reviews here and on other travel websites.  But we decided to take a chance anyway and we are glad we did.  On the plus side: As noted by all the positive reviews, the location is indeed unbeatable.  (Proximity to night life is a high priority for us.)  Our room was huge for London standard and clean, and the bed was exceptionally comfortable.  The pool is beautiful and the gym was excellent.    We were generally happy with the service.  The young woman that checked us in was very helpful.  The doormen/concierge/bellmen/housekeepers were all professional and friendly, very responsive in all of our interactions.  We were a…",Date of stay: May 2009,4.0
2256,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2255-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Great Location, Needs a bit of refreshing","I love London and this hotel is in a very busy location.  I prefer renting a flat in Mayfair or Nottinghill.  The staff is fabulous, helpfull and full of great information.  Our rooms and hallways are we bit dated and need to be freshen up.  The mattresses are wonderfull.",Date of stay: April 2009,4.0
2257,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2255-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Much improved, especially for SPG Plats--now a great pick!!","Last time I stayed at this property (on business) you couldn't get me out of the hotel fast enough--the location was great, and the health club (especially the pool) very nice, but the room but dusty and old. I spent another ~30 nights on business in London last year after that and didn't return to the Meridian, all the while advising my colleagues not to stay there.  For a recent vacation I thought I'd give it another try, given it's proximity to Piccadilly, the West End Theaters (Theatres) and Chinatown, and we were glad we did. The key is to ask for a ""renovated room"", which all seem to have updated furniture and been cleaned this century.  What really makes this hotel is the club lounge, which is free for Starwood Platinum members. Holger and the other lounge staff really…",Date of stay: May 2009,5.0
2258,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2255-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great Location but Overall Disappointing Stay,"The location of this hotel is great and we knew that from living in London and from staying at this hotel before. We were just coming in for the weekend and wanted to stay in the heart of everything so despite not really liking the hotel much last time, we booked again. I think this will be our last stay though.  The staff is nice, the bell guy is always there and they always open the door and greet you. The downstairs looks nice but we were disappointed with our room. We're starwood preferred platnium (or something!) and usually get very good upgrades. We called down to make sure we had gotten an upgrade and they said we had but the room looked like a standard room. I couldn't imagine what the standard room was like. The room was fine, very comfortable bed, but again, not very…",Date of stay: May 2009,3.0
2259,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2255-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Much better than expected!,"My boyfriend and I picked this hotel blindly from Hotwire. I was excited when the name showed as Le Meridien, as their hotels are highly rated all over the world. And then we Trip Advisored it. Reviews were mixed - people either loved it or hated it. So we were both a little wary about what sort of experience we would get there.   Suffice it to say that we were very pleasantly surprised.   The location absolutely cannot be beat. It is very centrally located right on the curve of Piccadilly Circus, 15 minutes away from Leicester Square, 20 from Covent Garden, 10 minutes away from Oxford Street and all the shopping of Regent Street literally right around the corner. There was also a huge branch of Barclay's across the street and a large Boots chemist as well.   Upon our arrival,…",Date of stay: May 2009,4.0
2260,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2260-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","great location, accounts department shocking!","We booked a 'top secret hotel' and stayed here on a weekday in Jan 09.  Location is excellent, right at the bottom of regent street, tube right outside.   The room was really big and the bathroom enormous (see photos)! As mentioned in other reviews, the furniture was a bit shabby and worn for a 5* hotel.  There is a health club and swimming pool in the basement and it is really nice. We didn't use the gym but went swimming and into the jacuzzi and at no extra cost. The pool is huge for a central hotel and beautifully maintained. We felt like it was our own private healthclub as there wasn't anyone else there.  Don't drink in the bar- £12 for an irish coffee! although the service is good  The only gripe that I have is that they added a £39 charge to my visa bill without telling…",Date of stay: January 2009,4.0
2261,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2260-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Old but wonderful,"I had read some very negative reviews on this site of this hotel before I left for London and I was terrified!!  My husband was traveling for work and I was going to be with the kids.  My mother would also be staying at the hotel on some of the dates.  I was so pleasantly surprised when I got there.  The room for the family was large, the beds comfy and the location just amazing!!  And I am a sucker for a good turn down service.  Yes, some of the items were old (the hairdryer, and the carpet and one elevator was broken the whole time we were there)  So for me that pushed it down to a 4 star instead of a 5 (but those things were so minor).  The staff is very busy at all times but they never seems frazzled and they always smiled.  My mother's room was small but standard European…",Date of stay: April 2009,4.0
2262,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2260-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",My best stay in London ever,"Hotel was fantastic - great room, perfect location.  I was only in London for 2 nights, and I was able to walk around and see all the sights from this hotel.  It is my new favorite hotel in London!",Date of stay: December 2008,5.0
2263,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2260-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Central location, halfway worth the money.  You can do better.","I just returned from a 5-night stay at Le Meridien.  The staff were very accommodating, but this hotel, which is already quite expensive, charges for everything.  They even charge for internet access in their lobby.  This hotel is quite old with an interesting war history (ask the doorman).  This means there are some lovely architectural touches, but that it's also outdated and crumbling around the edges significantly more than you would expect.  On the plus side, the beds had the most incredible pillows and you are just steps away from the Piccadilly Square Tube station, which is a straight shot from Heathrow.  I will not stay here again, though it could have been much worse.",Date of stay: April 2009,3.0
2264,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2260-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Some surface flaws but the staff makes this hotel a top place to stay,"We have just returned from a 2 night weekend stay at this hotel and we found the whole experience overall to be excellent. As an SPG Platinum we were upgraded to an Exec Suite and apart from some discolouration of grouting on the bathroom tiles which was repaired within an hour of my raising this as an issue, the room was good. Now if you want a modern London hotel then this is not the hotel for you - if you want character and staff who are extremely friendly/professional/courteous then this is the place for you. This is my second visit to the hotel and I can only say that we had an excellent time. We used the club room which was superb and the whole buzz in the hotel left you with a great feeling. We went to see Priscilla which is only 10 minutes walk from the hotel and again…",Date of stay: April 2009,5.0
2265,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2265-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great Location - everything else lets it down.....,"I stayed here last October so I apologise about the late review. We were going into town for a meal and thought we would take the oppertunity to stay over. We booked the Le Meridien as a ""top secret"" hotel through an online company. When we found out it was the Le Meridien we were very happy as the location was amazing and the hotel looked great. Check in: fairly straight forward - check in staff were pleasant, process fairly quick. We had to leave a security deposit of £50 which is fairly standard now in top London hotels. The reception area was impressive and we set off to our room. Room: The room was disappointing. Very small and reminded me of a room in an old peoples home! There was a step up to a balconied area with a chintz fabric decorated chair and a small table. We…",Date of stay: October 2008,3.0
2266,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2265-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",3-Star Hotel--Expensive and Completely Over-rated,"I decided to spring for the extra cost of staying at the Le Meridien.  Wow, was I disappointed.  So, disappointed that this is my first TripAdvisor review ever.  My room was small and smokey--despite my request for a non-smoking room.  The staff then showed me other rooms that had tiny windows that looked at other windows 10-15 feet away--they were like maids rooms.  They let me move hotels and didn't charge me.  Anyway, their website is beautiful, their hotel is not.  It's worth about 100-125 pounds a night--then maybe stay.  The health club and pool were very nice.  The staff, however, is incredibly pleasant and helpful.",Date of stay: April 2009,2.0
2267,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2265-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",The worst hotel stay I have ever had. Free would be too much,"We booked this hotel through Hotwire thinking any 5 start hotel would be a nice place to be. Well, not this one. The location is the ONLY plus to the hotel. You are in the heart of London's theater district.  We were greeted with an old outdated room. No problem as long as the bed is comfortable and the room clean. NOTHING was to standard. The bedding was old and shabby, not the least bit comfortable. The hairdryer was from 1945 and did not work at all. The toilet would not flush. The shower would not drain, leaving you standing in dirty water above your ankles, with black mold or grime floating out of the drain itself. The room was hot and would never cool off. Lastly, construction took place every night until 11 pm, RIGHT outside our window.   Since we were staying 4 nights,…",Date of stay: March 2009,1.0
2268,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2265-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Could be a four or five star hotel with a little work,"My family and I just returned from a six day trip to London where we stayed at the Le Meridien.  The hotel is one block from Piccadilly Circus, one of the best locations in London!  It has a Starbucks two doors down and the walk to the tube stop takes only a couple of minutes.  We went to the theater the last night of our stay and it too was only a five to ten minute walk.  The hotel is pretty dated but the rooms are plenty big.  The decor is good but not great.  Bathrooms are small but well lighted.  We stayed in a room facing Piccadilly Street and even with the windows open it was not noisy at all (unlike New York, car horns are not used much in London).  We upgraded to the concierge floor service and were glad we did.  For about $30 pounds per day we got free breakfast…",Date of stay: March 2009,3.0
2269,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2265-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","tired, worn and dirty","I stayed here on a recent business trip because it was one block from my meetings. Location is excellent, the hotel is not. The rooms are 'refurbished' but not renovated (at least the 2 that I saw). In addition to the generally poor cleanliness (pubic hairs in the tub, dirty carpets etc), I heard the television (and banging bed frame) from the room next door when trying to sleep, was awakened by a false alarm fire alarm (that was never explained by the hotel, or told it was safe - a quick phone call or phone message could have been sent to every room), 'slept' in a sweaty bed due to the lack of air conditioning and a thick duvet with no other bedding option, and was kept awake by the hallway light coming into my room and directly onto my bed from all 4 sides of the door frame…",Date of stay: March 2009,2.0
2270,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2270-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Never again,"Got an amazing deal at the Meridien Piccadilly through hotwire.com.  Read the reviews here and thought ""well, it can't be THAT bad.""  I'm here to tell you... it can be.  Location is very central.  About 100m from Piccadilly Circus tube stop.  Lobby is very nice and, initially, the service was good.  They upgraded me to a club room.  It was big (with 2 en suite bathrooms), but not very clean.... stains in one of the bathtubs, the carpet looked like it hadn't been cleaned in months.  Then, one night during my stay, the fire alarm went off.  We evacuated only to be told it was a false alarm.  Then, the power went out.  And remained out for easily over 12 hours.  My understanding is that this was an external problem and uncontrolled by the hotel.  That doesn't excuse the fact,…",Date of stay: March 2009,2.0
2271,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2270-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",fantastic location - smart hotel!,"Right on the curve of Picadilly and regent Street - so fantastic location for central london. We had a ""secret hotel"" price so the value for us was quite good - although breakfast must be overpriced at £20-25 each even if its location is spectacular. (check if your rate includes it). Amazing swimming pool in basement. Check-in could be nicer, the head man was pretty rude and gave us a ""no smoking room"" which stank of smoke (so we changed it).",Date of stay: February 2009,4.0
2272,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2270-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",as they say: this hotel has a great location but that is all!!,".and that's all.. it's not a 5 star hotel.. in your room you can hear whatever happens in the other rooms.. and outside...very bad service, bad mannered and self-important, and the concierge is simply without brain",Date of stay: January 2009,2.0
2273,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2270-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",no 5 star rooms and no 5 star service but you'll get charged a 5 star price,"We stayed at Le Meridien for one night only on Sat 28th feb 2009 and purchased through top secret hotels. On arrival we were given keys to our room which was so small we had to take it in turns to walk past the bed to the cupboard. The carpet was completely thread bare and coming up on one corner of the room and the wall paper on that same corner was peeling from the wall. The room although had been cleaned just looked dirty and smelled like someone had been smoking in there. the bathroom was tiny and could only fit one person in at a time, i have never complained in a hotel before in my life but this was a special occasion and we'd paid extra seeing as it was a 5 star hotel and we wanted to splash out on a bit of luxury so we went straight back down to the check in desk to…",Date of stay: February 2009,3.0
2274,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2270-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",The dirtiest hotel I have ever stayed in,"I was delighted to get a booking at a price within my company budget but I got a real shock when I arrived.  The room could have been lovely, but it needed a good cleaning.  It was disappointing to find blankets on the bed rather than duvets, I am always suspicious about the cleanliness of blankets.  However, while trying to get over the shock of being charged £12.00 for a G&T I looked around the bar and spotted that the floor was covered in thick, thick dust; clearly no cleaning had taken place for years.  I left bags with the concierge and was assured that these would be in my room when I returned in the evening.  They weren't.  I had to chase and still got a call from the concierge because he wasn't sure which were mine.  Not very impressive.  Didn't bother to try the food -…",Date of stay: February 2009,2.0
2275,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2275-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Very good value,Frankly don't understand the negative reviews - this is a 5 star hotel in Piccadilly and for the Last Minute price (I paid £129 for a double) is a serious bargain. You would find it difficult to find anything better in the area for less than £200.,Date of stay: February 2009,4.0
2276,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2275-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",do not stay on the third floor,"this hotel has a great location but that is all!! arrived with my family late last wednesday night, we had prepaid for interconnecting rooms and had requested not to be given rooms looking on to the restaurant. Despite our request, we were given rooms on the third floor which look directly into the restaurant, it took a while to open the interconnecting door, a camp bed was then squashed in between the interconnecting door to keep it open and the room was extremely hot, in a very poor state of repair ( holes in carpets, mini bars not working, brick hard beds and decoration that was maybe fashionable 30 years ago). the room was also dirty. We voiced our displeasure but were told there was nothing else available. I asked to have the air conditioning fixed to try and cool the rooms…",Date of stay: February 2009,1.0
2277,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2275-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Perfect experience,My wife and I have just returned from a theatre break in London during whch we stayed in this hotel. It was an excellent experience!! Highly recommended!,Date of stay: February 2009,5.0
2278,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2275-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Great Location, OK room","We stayed in the Le Meridian last Saturday night for one night only. Originally we had booked this hotel as we had been advised that they would be able to accommodate 3 people in a room. When we arrived, the receptionist mentioned that the room had a king size bed and when we queried this with him, he told us that we had only been booked in for 2 people.   It had been pretty obvious with 3 people standing there that we had booked for 3 people and it was written on the confirmation email. The only suggestion they provided was to put a camp bed in the room. This was very disappointing considering the amount of money we had paid for a room which we thought would accommodate three people.    We mentioned it to the travel agent on our return and they said that according to their…",Date of stay: February 2009,3.0
2279,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2275-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Everything's 5 star except for the rooms,"I booked this Saturday night stay for my wife and I via the fantastic Top Secret Hotels facility via lastminute.com.  As a result, it was only £129 for a double room.  We were greeted from the taxi by a very polite doorman, who welcomed us to the hotel, took our bags and ushered us in to the impressive lobby towards a check in desk.  We were given a tag for our bags and told they'd be delivered to our room.  The check in clerk was impeccably polite and very efficient.  He explained that if we wanted to take a Smoking room (we're non-smokers), he could offer us a bigger room on the 9th floor and guaranteed that it didn't smell of smoke.  We took him up on his offer (Rm 903) and headed to the lift.  Everything looked amazing....  ...until we got out on the 9th floor.  Very worn…",Date of stay: February 2009,3.0
2280,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2280-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","great location, average hotel","I booked two nights through lastminute.com and paid £198 for the stay - i think this is a fair price.  The location is great for a visit to London it is very central for attractions and under a minutes walk to the tube (piccadilly) and even closer to bus stops.  On first impressions the hotel looks good ( 5 star). Reception is fresh and modern, staff were polite and welcoming.  Our room on the 6th floor was not bad at all ( a good 3 star or low 4). It was a good size with a huge bed, desk, table and chairs and a wardrobe with a mini bar and safe. The decor is a bit 'old fashioned',  i.e patterned green carpet, flowery bed cover and pictures to match. The bathroom was not huge but did the job and was clean and tidy.  The hotel corridors  do look tired in places and are in need of…",Date of stay: January 2008,3.0
2281,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2280-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great Location.... and that is about it!,"Well what can I say apart from DON'T BOTHER!!  I stayed in the Meridien for 2 nights while I was in London for a theatre weekend. Boy do I wish I checked in somewhere else!  On first appearence it seemed quite nice the Foyer is clean and respectable and the staff where very friendly. A good first impression! That all went straight down the pan when I was shown our room however.  Our room was very tired, and hadn't been redecorated since at least the late 80's, there was also a bucket of champagne on the side which would have been a nice touch if it had been for us, but they had managed to check us into the wrong room!, this in a way was a bit of a God send because upon further investigation the bathroom smelt as if somone had been sick in there the previous night.  Upon…",Date of stay: January 2009,1.0
2282,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2280-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Fantastic,This was my 6th stay at London but the first time at Le Meridien. I booked a twin room for myself and my son. On checking in we were offered an upgraded room with queensize bed. We were happy with this so accepted it. Checking in was very professional and hassle free.  We went up to our room and we were very impressed. The room was very clean and spacious. After seeing a show and having a meal we came back to our room and retired for the night. We were both asleep in next to no time as the bed was so big and comfortable. It was also very quiet. The only thing that spoilt the silence was a couple who were in the room next door. At 7.30am I was woken by the lady and her partner talking at the top of their voices but this is no reflection on the hotel.  My son and I went for our…,Date of stay: January 2009,5.0
2283,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2280-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Dark, mouldy little room","I stayed at this hotel from 15th-17th January 2009 and was dissapointed in all aspects of the place.  I'd booked through lastminute and paid £198 for 2 nights...which I though was great as I was expecting a 5* hotel right in the centre of it all.  I was down there for my 30th birthday with my boyfriend to do all the usual sightseeing etc.  The location of the hotel was brilliant and the entrance was quite grand.  At the reception I checked in and only just heard the receptionist saying 1 night.  I told her that I had booked and paid for 2 nights and I felt as though I was not believed and had to search out my confirmation email and they photocopied it etc!  Please be aware that you have to put a £100 deposit PER NIGHT  down too, I didnt hear this as the french receptionist…",Date of stay: January 2009,2.0
2284,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2280-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",A Hotel of Two Halves,"Location, Reception area are the 2 winning points of this hotel. The bar is dead, tatty and unappealing, the mezzanine coffee area is cramped and uncomfortable. The hotel has been partly refurbished, so one lift is old and tatty - the other spage-agee  - quite jarring. However service is good, especially doorman, concierge. Room was OK space wise although tired. Check-in was frazzling experience, rooms not ready even though it was mid=afternoon., then given wrong one, got complicated and tiring. Location is fantatstic as you can walk everywhere, first tiem in London didn't need a taxi. Overall Hotel is trading on it's former glory, need investment especially in bar areas.",Date of stay: December 2008,3.0
2285,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2285-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",One warm night in January,"If you go to www.lastminute.com and look at the 'Top Secret Hotels', the one that has the title 'Historic hotel, a step away from Piccadilly Circus - 5* - London, is Le Meridien Piccadilly. It is currently available for £99 per night, room only.  Now that's a pretty good deal for a Standard Double with a walk-in rate of over £250 - except for the fact that Le Meridien has a number of rooms which are less attractive, particularly if you are staying for a few nights. I'm loath to call them sub-standard, maybe 'difficult to let' is a better term.  Our room was well furnished, clean, comfortable, the double bed was good quality and the linnens & pillows superb. It was not till we'd unpacked our stuff that we realized that the Window had been boarded over. If you pushed your nose to…",Date of stay: January 2009,3.0
2286,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2285-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Poor standards - great location,"Just returned form a long weekend with my partner. Making it  a point to always stay at SPG hotels for our trips, we booked at LM Piccadilly this time, because we wanted to be more centrally located. We have previously stayed at both Sheraton Belgravia and Park Tower - both great hotels. We have Platinum SPG status, and this rewards us with free upgrade to best available room, late check out etc. Normally, all perfect, and probably the best loyalty program in the hotel industry today. Not at the Le Meridien Piccadilly though. Although we had checked before leaving from home that suites were available, we were told upon arrival, that they were sold out. Instead told to wait about 20 minutes for an upgrade to a family room. Fair enough. However, the room was dirty, very run-down…",Date of stay: January 2009,1.0
2287,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2285-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",A Crushing Disappointment,"Me and the Catman spend a lot of time in London Hotels for Business and pleasure and were delighted to find a good deal at the 5* Meridien where we hoped we could combine the two.  Despite (or maybe because of) the amazing location, the room was one of the grimmest I've ever stayed in...small dark, cramped, with broken fixtures and outdated furnshings. The window was obscured by a massive pillar which filtered out all the natural daylight but alas none of the the street noise from below.   There was only one robe and limited towels which confirmed my suspicions that this room was usually given to single travellers and the bathroon was a state. Neither the antiquated hairdyer, the towel rail, or the light up mirror worked and the toilet was horrible. It was one of those syphonic…",Date of stay: January 2008,1.0
2288,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2285-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Huge deception - far from Le Meridien standards, top location","Numerous stays in Le Méridien hotels in Austria and Germany made me book the London Le Méridien without hesitation. A huge error! Run down, worn out, neither external nor internal soundproofing, outfashioned room decoration... - nothing to do with the functional modern and stylish quality rooms you have in Vienna, Stuttgart or Hamburg.   After a horrible night in room 343, I got 2 categories upgraded to room 422 and ... basically nothing improved on the fundamentals. This hotel has a great location and is one of the very few Central London Hotels that features a large indoor pool but it is in desperate need of renovation.",Date of stay: January 2009,2.0
2289,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2285-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Hated it,"We travel a lot and stayed in many many hotels.  We booked 2 standard rooms 4 nights from July 16 to July 20, 2008 through Starwood for about $700 each.  The rooms were very small and very dirty.  The furnitures were all torn and run down.  White sheer drapes were black and missing hooks.  When we pointed these out to our bellman, he appologized and called manager.  Meanwhile my daughters brought the tea and cookie tray to our room and noticed that the used coffee mate wrappers from previous guest was still in the tray along with other trash including pill wrappers.  Manager came and saw these items and upgraded us to executive standard rooms.  The same size and moderately cleaner .  The staff were very nice, friendly and knowledgeable.  We have stayed in many Meridian Hotels…",Date of stay: July 2008,1.0
2290,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2290-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",on  the minute I opened the door...,"It was a wonderful stay and the hotel lived up to all the good reviews it has received. Is ideally situated and very safe to walk around at night.   My double room was very spacious and made a great first impression on  the minute I opened the door. The hotel was spotless with excellent staff, very friendly and helpful.",Date of stay: November 2008,5.0
2291,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2290-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Fantastic location,"We stayed her in early November. You cant get much better on location if you want to be close to everything. Parking is a bit of a pain, it cost me £140 for 3 nights, still I think the car enjoyed it. The hotel is clean and spacious and the service was excellent. The hotel has an excellent spa with a large pool which is excellent for lane swimmers. Foods good and the bar just below reception was cosy and friendly. There are loads of hotels to choose from in central London but this doesn't disapoint. I would recommend it. Steve & Niki Ash Vale",Date of stay: November 2008,4.0
2292,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2290-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great Location,"The Meridien's location within London could not be better and the service was fantastic.  The rooms are definitely dated but very clean, and it sounds like they are planning on refurbishing the hotel soon, which I hope will put the Meridien on par with other hotels of its star rating.  The shower's water pressure was perfect and the water actually drained unlike at some other older hotels.  I think my only complaint was how thin the walls were. My room was located right next to the stairwell so the door constantly shutting and peoples' voices woke me up at all hours of the morning.  There was also some drilling nearby early one morning.  That said, I'd gladly stay here again because of its proximity to great shopping, museums and nightlife.",Date of stay: November 2008,4.0
2293,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2290-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Right in the Center of Everything,"I met up with a friend who had come to London on business and we stayed at the Le Meridien Piccadilly.  The room was huge with a capital ""H"" and you can't get much better as far as the location.  Nightlife was abundant and so was food!  The only cons were 1) on more than 1 occassion the front desk forgot to give us the wake-up call we had scheduled and 2) the internet in the business center is crazy expensive (set the timer on your cell phone and use the internet cafe in Le Tocadero across the street).  Otherwise, was a very pleasant stay.",Date of stay: October 2008,4.0
2294,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2290-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Not worth your while regardless of location!  Glad I have an up-to-date tetanus,"Was just transferring in London for one night, the night of my anniversary, so decided to use some of my Starwood Hotel points to stay at what I expected to be a nice hotel and romantic experience.  I have high expectations for hotels like Le Meridian and Westin in the Starwood chain.  I used 8000 Starwood Points plus $150US dollars on check-in as normally this room was going for almost 300 pounds per night so I thought I was getting a fair exchange of points and dollar- value.  Having been to London many times I have seen the hotel from the exterior and it looks so regal and grand on Picadilly I was expecting the hotel to be just as grand inside.  The lobby was fine.  Sadly only one elevator was working for the hotel so that did cause delays throughout the night and next…",Date of stay: September 2008,2.0
2295,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2295-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",would not recommend,i booked this thru the starwood preffered guests site for 4 nights. as it is 5star hotel i had no qualms paying almost £300 pounds.the night before we left i stumbled upon this website and checked out the reveiws. everyone of them was bad but i hav to say not bad enough. at first the hotel seemed run down in need of a good clean which for a 5 star hotel is very poor. we had a coffee and pastry in the bar and it was ok. the staff were all very helpful and when we went downstairs for a cocktail before going out for dinner evreything so far had been rather dissappointing but bareable. after our meal at a local restuartant we went back to our room for the night. our room overlooked regents street and the noise was incredible. i finally gave up trying to sleep around 3.30 am. then…,Date of stay: October 2008,1.0
2296,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2295-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Very Disappointing Experience,Good things first: The hotel is centrally located with easy access to the underground station.  The beds and bathroom are pretty clean.  Bad things: The reception and service is terrible and the people are mostly impolite especially the receptionists. I was woken up by banging noise as if someone was doing some maintainence work immediately outside my room in the hallway around 7 am.  The complaint was not taken seriously by the receptionist. The television was of the old bulky CRT type.   I blew their wiring the moment I plugged in my laptop on arrival. I even found a lady underwear with lots of dust at the back of the drawers. Beware!!  They charge you double the already expensive internet rate of 25 pounds a day if you connect two laptops.  We did not use the other facilities…,Date of stay: March 2008,2.0
2297,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2295-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",great location needs redecoration,"This is my third visit over 3 years to this hotel. Le Meridian Piccadilly is in need of redecoration. especially the bathroom! Although the hotel is very central it could be noisy as well. As a Muslim I can not eat pork products however I love the wild mushroom and grilled tomatoes in the English breakfast. So I ordered English Breakfast with the expectation of more mushrooms as ı do not want any bacon. My in room breakfast had only 1 (small) mushroom, 2 cherry tomatoes and very little amount of eggs. There were lots of jam however all was accompanied with just 2 slices of bread!",Date of stay: August 2008,4.0
2298,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2295-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",the terrace restaurant,"I celebrated my 30th Birthday Party at the Terrace Restaurant on Sunday the 31st of August and I need to say it was totally disappointment to me...only the food was good, the service( for which i paid an extra 12.5%  )was a completely disappointment...there was no service at all. The waitress when asked about the beer wasn’t able to answer what they got in stock, not mention we have to ask her to top up our wine glasses and remain about the water we ordered at the beginning. I felt like not a sigle person really care about us on that special occasion, it really meant to me a lot as i invited my closest friends to celebrate  my birthday in style but not in a nightmare.",Date of stay: August 2008,2.0
2299,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2295-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",not the best,"The bedroom we had was on the top floor  small, and bland in decor, none of the widows opened. there was only one lift working, so long waits!!. The breakfast buffet....TERRIBLE... scrambled egg made with JELLIED EGG..MAKE YOUR OWN TOAST, not  even a choice of fresh milk ONLY skimmed, BUT, the staff were pleasant.  Never again.",Date of stay: August 2008,2.0
2300,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2300-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Not up to par - decor from 1960s!,First the positivies:  Nice staff and service and great location.  Price was not a problem as I got the room through reward points.  And the negatives:  Dated.  Eiderdown in room would not look out of place in my late Grandmother's home.  Lots of blue and pink flowers.  I was upgraded to a 'superior' room but it was only available at 5 and the room size was tiny which was a bit of a shock considering I waited 5 hours to have the benefit of a free upgrade.  You live and learn...  Guys - spend some money here!!  The building outside looks beautiful and your location is second to none.  This could be a great hotel....,Date of stay: August 2008,2.0
2301,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2300-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Great service, poor value and very tired rooms","Last weekend my wife and I travelled up to London to see the musical 'The Jersey Boys'. We stayed as usual at Le Meridien in Piccadilly and received the usual high standard of comfort and service. London hotels tend to be grossly overpriced, the rooms are usually small and more often than not in very poor condition. To be fair whilst you can't fault the location and the level of customer service at this hotel the rooms are very tired now. The bathrooms in particular appear to be from a different century with discolored tiles and creaky plumbing. To be fair this is an old building and it is situated less than 100 metres from Piccadilly circus. Despite its failings it is better than most London hotels and will remain my regular choice when staying in London. This is because of the…",Date of stay: August 2008,2.0
2302,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2300-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Star Rating??????,"Having stayed in many London Hotels with various star ratings l find it hard to imagine how the Le Meridien Piccadilly London has gained a 5Star rating!!!! The Hotel itself was very nice but the room(806) left much to be desired, It was in dire need of redecorating smelled of tobacco( I booked non smoking) and when taking a shower you do not expect foul smelling sewerage to come up the plug hole onto your feet! After reporting the incident twice, Other than a very insincere ""sorry"" and ""we will look into it"" nothing else was done or said. I can honestly say that I have stayed in better guest houses in Blackpool. 5 stars? try 3!",Date of stay: August 2008,2.0
2303,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2300-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Good Central London Hotel,"This hotel is very central.  We travelled to London via Heathrow, so its on the Picadilly line - one quick train journey and you are there.  Staff are extremely professional and friendly.  Room really clean, smallish as would be expected in central London - but not a big deal and is outweighed by the plusses.  We stayed on the fifth floor, and could hear traffic from the city but it didn't keep us awake.    The breakfast was fab (included in our booking, it would be quite expensive if one had to pay for it on top of room rate - so be careful when booking - check what is included in your rate). The swimming pool is spotlessy clean and there are no extra charges (a friend of mine paid to use the pool in another hotel in London, so check that our too when pricing around).  So would…",Date of stay: August 2008,4.0
2304,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2300-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Ok but nothing special,"Stayed here with some business colleagues for one night.  The hotel was really nothing special.  Staff were quite snooty, not warm at all.  The rooms were old fashioned and nothing to write home about - awful sachets of Cadbury's drinking chocolate etc, like a Travellodge.   The breakfast was pretty decent but had to pay for this ourselves.  We had gone out with clients and wanted to bring them for a drink in the hotel bar after dinner but this closed ridiculously early at something like 1 am (thought hotel bars usually stayed open late for residents?) and we were directed to Chinawhites, no thanks!  The location is pretty good but I think there are better hotels in London.  Won;t be going back unless the company is paying.",Date of stay: March 2008,3.0
2305,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2305-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Overpriced, Dirty, rooms are very tired","The ONLY good thing about this hotel is the location.  The rooms are very beat up, carpet is filthy, bathrooms are very small.  The tv is a 1980 vinatge tube tv with 10 channels.  The prices in the hotel are outragous. breakfast 25 pounds interned 20 pounds per day local phone call 5 pounds for 5 minutes  I would not recommend this hotel to anyone",Date of stay: August 2008,1.0
2306,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2305-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",NOT up to snuff 2 0r 3 stars at best!,"Not a five star Hotel in my book and I  have stayed at many! My Partner and I had 3 days in Copenhagen 7 days on an Atlantis Celebrity cruise and 3 days In Stolckholm prior to our arrival at Le Meridien. By far Le Meridien was the only disappointment for accommodations on our trip. First room was loud, dark and clean but not well maintained. It had a pour odor. it was a large room, dark but had 2 bathrooms I will not go into all the details, but it is room 625. We requested the room be changed, but it took some persuasion of the front desk to accomplish the task. Finally once I asked the clerk if they would accompany me to the room and I would show them first hand the issues, they relented and changed the room. The new room offered was on the ""renovated"" floor and would be much…",Date of stay: July 2008,2.0
2307,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2305-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Good location but very poor service,Very good location close to Piccadilly. I arrived at 2pm and my room wasn't ready. Went out and returned at 4pm - room ready but luggage not there. I rang twice for it and eventually had to go looking for it. The room was small and shabby and had a televison from the 1950's and a similar number of channels. Breakfast was good. Very expensive for what was delivered.,Date of stay: May 2008,3.0
2308,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2305-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Not a 4-star hotel,"We so regret not researching reviews of this “4-star” hotel before booking.  The reasons we chose it were the alleged wonderful pool, Jacuzzi and great location.  Turns out the only great thing was the location.    Upon walking into the lobby, we were greeted by a musty mildew odor, which permeated every corner of the hotel, including our room.  Carpeting throughout the hotel was dirty and in need of replacement, or at least a good cleaning.  When we arrived after 13 hours of travel, only one freight elevator was working, for which there was a queue.  This didn’t exactly make getting to our 6th floor room easy.  Signs posted in the hallway stated that elevators were being updated.  We got to our room to find our room key card didn’t work—and no elevator back to the lobby. …",Date of stay: July 2008,1.0
2309,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2305-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent Location,We stayed at Le Meridien Piccadilly for one night.  The check in was very quick and staff very polite.  The porters were very helpful.  The room was spacious and the bed was really comfortable and large.  The bathroom was a bit of a disappointment with the toilet being crammed into a small space which I think a large person would have found difficult to fit into!  There was a good choice for breakfast but the full English was a help yourself buffett and the food was not that hot.  The hotel is a stones throw from Piccadilly Circus and its location is ideal.  All in all I wouldn't hesitate to recommend this hotel.,Date of stay: June 2008,4.0
2310,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2310-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",We had a great time at this hotel.,"I am going to tell you that I read every review for about 2 years back but my travel service offered a good deal on this hotel but I  left the united states with a little trepidation on what we were going to find when we got to London. The Chelsea flower show was going on that same week so we could not get a room for the first night. Arrived on our 2nd night,  check in was smooth, no member of the staff was ever rude to me, or indifferent at any time of our stay, in fact always willing to help. The doormen were friendly and smiling, tho not always knowledgeable about locations, always ask the guy with the top hat that works in the daytime. I had much better luck with the concierge who had maps to give out. The problems with the safe were fixed within an hour, and even tho we…",Date of stay: May 2008,4.0
2311,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2310-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Enjoyable stay from luxury hotel visitors,"My partner and I recently returned from a 10 day visit to the UK, during which we spent 5 nights in London.  We arrived and had 4 nights at the Le Meridien Piccadilly, then left for Scotland, and returned for our final night in London again at the Le Meridien Piccadilly before flying home to the USA the next morning.  My partner has stayed at this property on numerous occasions for business purposes, so we decided to stay here, as well.  Also entering our thinking was the high cost of London hotels combined with a crazy exchange rate of 2 GBP to US$1.  As a result, we used our Starpoints to get a junior suite for all 5 nights.  Typically, this hotel requires 20,000 Starpoints for a regular room per night.  For a junior suite, it required 22,500 points per night.  The hotel's…",Date of stay: May 2008,4.0
2312,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2310-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","5 star prices, 3 star experiences","I have been trying all of Starwood's properties in London, and booked this hotel when they ran a triple points promotion.   The location is great. Its right at Picadilly Circus, the heart of London for tourists. The property itself is showing signs of age. If one were charitable, one would say it is ""charming"".   My room was spacious, but the fixtures showed signs of age. There was a big brown spot inthe bathroom tiles, and I could spot the paint wearing off at places. Don't get me wrong - it was still grand and regal, but kind of old.   Staff was stand-offish. I guess they deal with a lot of tourists visiting London for the first time, and have little patience. Check in took quite some time because the front desk staff was a bit confused (Le erideint does not seem fuly…",Date of stay: December 2007,2.0
2313,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2310-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",One of the Nicest Hotels I have ever seen,"I stayed at this hotel with a large group travelling Europe. We all agreed that the hotel was amazing! The lobby was very large and the attatched restaurant was very classy. The dinner buffet was plentiful and incredibly reasonable. The rooms were gorgeous, although not as large as I would have expected for the price. Room had a really nice shower and I loved the down feather comforter on the bed. The hotel shuttle to the airport was also very nice.",Date of stay: March 2004,5.0
2314,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2310-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Mixed experience,"The staff is not too helpful at this hotel; the reception staff is partially untrained, which I do not find a problem, but I dislike hearing arguments in front of me. At the bar whatever we ordered came not the way we did (i.e. juice without ice came with ice etc.) Every single time we ordered something it come wrong.  The concierge made a big fuss about the Billy Eliott tickets he found for us and when we went, the theatre was half empty. We were almost late, because he would not let go of the tickets, probably he was expecting a big tip on top of the tickets, which cost 50% more than it said on the ticket.   The room, an executive one, was a normal size, but the bathroom was so small! Everything is dated though clean. The restaurant is very nice and so is the service and the…",Date of stay: December 2007,3.0
2315,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2315-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great Location,"We spent three evenings at this property. Upon arrival the bell captain did not like the room assigned to us and suggested that he & I work with the front desk. After looking at 5 different rooms my wife & I chose a room overlooking Regent Street. The room was very large and the bathroom very small. The paint in the bathroom was peeling and the floor in the bedroom creeked. Yet we truly enjoyed our stay. Room service was very quick and attentative. The front desk very pleasant and wanting to serve your needs at all times. The concierge was always busy and I never fealt that he enjoyed his job.  The location was central to everything you would want to do in central London - restaurants, stores, museums, sites, etc. It is so close to Soho, Covent Garden, & Knightsbridge.  Don't…",Date of stay: April 2008,4.0
2316,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2315-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Good location, mediocre hotel","This is basically a 3-star hotel with a 5-star location.  Rooms are dingy and service is mixed.  Patrons are nickled and dimed (a local call for 2 minutes will cost you 5 pounds; internet access for 24 hours costs 20 pounds) which I wouldn't mind if the hotel itself were a little more luxurious.  That said the pool/fitness club was good.  Location is central, which saves lots of time over a tourist visit.    I stayed at a second luxury hotel during my stay which was cheaper (on Priceline, 5-star hotel search) , more luxurious, and in an equally good location (Sofitel St. James), so in the balance I'd recommend shopping around.",Date of stay: April 2008,3.0
2317,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2315-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great Hotel,"The biggest advantage of LeMeridien Picadilly is the location. Only a few steps from Picadilly Circus you can walk to the major places or at least have excellent access to tube and busses. Additionally the building, the breakfast room and the rooms have style and the pool is awesome. Some Rooms might need refurbishment, but you can talk to the friendly stuff about the kind of room you would like. For a short stay in London, where time matters the Hotel is my 1st choice.",Date of stay: November 2007,4.0
2318,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2315-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Good experience,"Stayed first time at Le Meridien. Location is excellent and the service was also great. Rooms were a decent size for London hotels, though the furniture could be improved.  Will probably stay here again",Date of stay: March 2008,4.0
2319,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2315-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",The Perfect Location........But......,"Hello all. I am a Canadian expat working in China. I travel often and I recently chose the Le Meridien at Piccadilly Circus in London, UK.  First, as a Gold Starwood member, I was upgraded to a suite which was a lovely little perk. The concierge and front desk people are really switched on and overall the hotel is a good one. Below is my complete review:   A note to the wise, you should select this hotel only if you rate hotel location over hotel comfort. What do I mean by this, simple: the hotel is old, it is oddly shaped and it's rooms could use a good overhaul.  Saying that however, I stay at this hotel religiously - every-time I visit London. Why you might add? Because I value location over all else. Yes the rooms are old, the hotel is old and the televisions in the rooms…",Date of stay: January 2008,4.0
2320,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2320-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","I would stay there again in a heartbeat, but....","I have read all the reviews on this hotel.  I think until the rooms are renovated, which is soon people need to decide what is most important to them.  The good in my opinion far outweighs any negatives.  I can not imagine a better location.  My wife and I had our 2 daughters, aged 5 and 8 with us.  We were literally able to walk to every theatre, as well as most of  the big attractions.  The Tube is steps away, as are buses.  There are always cabs in front.  Convience abounds.  The public areas are magnificient.  The pool and health club are truly something to see, and for the kids was a great break in between sightseeing.  The staff was very friendly, but if you do a little research on your own, I truly felt as if we knew more then the concierges.  It was very suprising at how…",Date of stay: February 2008,4.0
2321,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2320-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Overpriced and notvery nice,"I got booked into this hotel for work back in September.  You can’t fault hotels location, it is great right in the middle of London!  The check in staff was pleasant and helpful.  I have seem about 3 lifts in the hotel in my short stay and got stuck in one of them, so not so good.   The executive room was big with 2 bed in it just for myself, when I got back to the hotel around midnight, the staff got slippers out for me, placed mints on the pillow and tomorrow’s forecast.  However, my room was opposite 2 lifts and there was another lift on the left of the room. I didn't realize hoe noisy they get all through the night. I was constantly woken up throughout the night by staff and then people staying at the hotel from 6am! So not a good night sleep, though my bed was comfortable.…",Date of stay: September 2007,3.0
2322,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2320-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Did not live up to expectation,"We picked this hotel because it was close to the theatre and restaurant where we were spending the evening.  The location is excellent, a short distance to Piccadilly Circus.  First impressions were really good, the hotel is in a beautiful building and the public areas have been renovated very well, with a good attention to detail, and felt very modern. The lobby, bar, restaurant etc were great.  So we were excited to see what our room would be like - opened the door and so disappointed!  I think the renovation stopped in the corridor!  The room was extremely small, and felt like i was in a completely different hotel to the one I had just entered minutes before. Floral bedspread, floral curtains, with the most awful view (overlooked interior courtyard with ugly huge pipes and…",Date of stay: February 2008,2.0
2323,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2320-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",One of the worst hotels I ever stayed at,"My husband and I stayed at the Le Meridien in Feb 08 and paid around 320 pounds per night. Our room was orginally booked for 2 weeks but by the end of a week, we couldn't tolerate almost everything and moved to another hotel. The hotel was old, depressing and in serious need of a refurbishment. Our room had a huge crack on the wall, the floor boards were creaking, the towels had yellow stains, there was a large pillar in the middle of the room in front of our bed (not a pretty sight to wake up to) and the bathtub, was so tiny that everytime we bathed, our arms were rubbing against the shower curtain. And the staff? For starters, they did not deliver my husband's dry-cleaning on-time, did not change the fused light bulbs in the room despite numerous requests to do so and failed…",Date of stay: February 2008,1.0
2324,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2320-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great Location...Updated starts next week,Had a great 2 night stay at the Le Meridien Picadilly.  Upgraded to an Executive Suite as a Starwood Platinum on points.  The hotel location simply cannot be beat.  It is right in the center of the city and right next to all of the theatres.  Service was outstanding.  David the front desk manager was very acocmodating and one of the best hotel associates I've every dealt with.  Hotel is beginning renovations next week starting on the 9th floor and will take 10 months.  I was told it will be renovated very silmilar to the Le Meridien in Vienna which is very modern and nice.  This will be a great look for the interior due to the location.,Date of stay: January 2008,4.0
2325,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2325-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Could be worse, could be a lot better too.","Our room was an Executive and in itself it was okay, but no more.  A bit on the tired side with outdated colors, creaky floors, wobbly furniture and a tiny and fuzzy tv with a few, completely uninteresting, free-to-air channels.   Unfortunately it was also located facing the back alley near some sort of generator, which was noisy and caused the entire room to vibrate ever so slightly most of the time. It was quite hot in the entire hotel, therefore also in the room. The A/C was very noisy but unable to cool the room in any noticeable way. Since there was also no ventilation in the bathroom and all windows were wired shut, staying in the room actually became rather unpleasant.  We found it very odd that a 4/4.5 star hotel in this price range offered no complimentary services…",Date of stay: January 2008,3.0
2326,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2325-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",special stay at LeMeridien!,"I'll say I do agree with some other comments that they need some refurnishment - but i was talking to some staff members and so they told - there is a refurnishment comming up in 2008! looking forward to.  the staff was really helpful, so my mum dont speak english and she always find staff what speaks german as well! they also have a germna menu in the terrace restaurant and so working there 2 waiter and managment - are germans and really helpful (what to do in london)   i would give the hotel 5 points if the rooms are perfect - but will come back after the renovation.... so it has been a great time, in one of the hearts of london - walkdistans to mama mia, stomp, marry popins, chicago, caberet, Josef, Dirty dancing, and many more musicals as well to so many sights.... like…",Date of stay: January 2008,4.0
2327,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2325-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great in every way,"We booked a theatre package which included a one night hotel stay and theatre tickets. I feel that we got a really good deal. We chose the hotel because it seemed a good price considering the location and the apparently luxurious facilties. It didn't disappoint.   WIthout exception, the staff were extremely polite and helpful. My friend used the concierge to book a restaurant table and the service was very efficient.  The room was a reasonable size, in very good decorative order, very clean, nice bathroom, and had all that you would need - tea/coffee making facilities, robes and slippers, toiletries, sewing-kit, mini-bar, latest edition magazines (Newsweek and Harpers Bazaar). There was a raised mezzanine type area with bannisters, which had 2 armchairs, a table and TV. The room…",Date of stay: January 2008,5.0
2328,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2325-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great Location,"Le Meridien has a great location right on Piccadilly.  Easy access to public transportation, shops, theater, etc.  We initially were set up in a room on the second floor.  Some of the rooms in the hotel have yet to be updated, and this was one of them.  The heat wasn't working, and it was located right above the busy loud street.  No worries, just make sure to ask for a room that is on the courtyard, and that has been updated.  Once we moved, it was very nice and quiet.  They have a nice cocktail lounge downstairs, very comfy after a long day of walking.  Afternoon tea as well, but didn't try that.  Comfortable beds, great shower pressure.  Helpful staff.  It's also a very pretty building.",Date of stay: December 2007,4.0
2329,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2325-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Brilliant Central Location!,"I stayed one night at Le Meridien, having got it for £120 on Priceline.  For this price, I thought having such a central hotel in London was brilliant.  All the staff I encountered were lovely and we were upgraded to an executive room.  Having said that, I am not sure I would want to stay in a standard room at full price.  Our room was huge, but the bathroom had clearly seen better days.  It was immaculately clean however.  For such a central hotel, however, it was extremely quiet during the night, and the turndown service was very good.  We had robes, slippers etc and the hotel was just the job.  We did not try any of the food so cannot comment on that.  If you can get a deal on Priceline, excellent, but I would not pay £360 for this hotel, which is what the full price should…",Date of stay: December 2007,4.0
2330,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2330-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Dreadful, disappointing room","Having stayed at the fabulous Meridien in Boston, I was excited about our stay for 2 nights at this Meridien with a group of work colleagues. Our room 231 was tiny. bathroom was in the room, modern design ok, but the toilet cubicle was open top and botton so if someone was using it, you could hear everything. No extractor either. floor tiles cracked in the bed area, rug under bed all torn at edges. one of the dressing robes was completely ripped inside. Why was this not noticed ? Only mirror in the whole room was the shaving mirror..ridiculous ..for £300 a night. bar area downstairs tiny for a 5 star. breakfast possibly the worst I have ever had at a 5 star hotel. bacon totally salty, eggs that were runny and cold..yuck. we ordered club sandwiches the night we arrived  and it…",Date of stay: December 2007,1.0
2331,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2330-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","great location/Friendly,Helpful Staff","Arrived early evening. Asked for an upgrade (booked on priceline.$300/nite for 4 nights) I got a free upgrade as a starwood holder and then elected to pay additional 4o pounds  ($80.)per nite for  a better upgrade. Each time they offered to show me the room before choosing. I took the additional $80/nite upgrade. Room was very nice & large. 2 double beds.. a large bath, all marble. After some of the reviews I had read I was not expecting much but was pleasntly surprised. The downstairs lounge/bar was overpriced but ok. Biggest compaint would be there were no posted prices for the mini-bar and a small bottle of water wound up costing over$4. Dinner was too expensive so we found some nice places nearby . The staff was extremely friendly, pleasant and very helpful. Gave us maps,…",Date of stay: October 2007,4.0
2332,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2330-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",My Shabby Experience-,"a) Stayed at Le Meridian Piccadilly on the 24th October, 2007 with my Wife and three Children-Childrens room was OK except it smelt of mould-desk light did not work and for £280 plus vat for one night-room needed total refurbishment-4/10  b) Our room being totally honest had no window-at £250 plus Vat-I immediately complained and the Hotel Check In Manager (Female) told me that actually they have clients who like rooms with no window (sort of incredible)-  c) She was helpful and did move us to a nice room next to the Childrens-which was fine-but did not make for a good start-  d) Overall the staff were no where near up to the standard of a 5 Star Hotel-the basement bar is very shabby and  in my opinion the areas of the hotel I have seen need total refurbishment-  Its a pity as…",None,2.0
2333,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2330-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Very Average for a 5*,"I was given a theatre breaks voucher as a christmas present, and the company had about 10 five * hotels to choose from. Aside from The Ritz, I had heard of Le Meridien and was told it had a good reputation.  Me and my boyfriend stayed here for 2 nights, mainly because we had heard of the great pool. After arriving a few hours before check in to drop off our bags, we were told it was possible to check in early. Not only that, but we had been upgraded to an executive room. Well i had already booked a superior room so it seemed to be a great start. However, after arriving in our room, i must say i was hugely disappointed. Although not a bad sized room, the massive oversized bed took up the majority of it. Don't get me wrong, i love a big king sized bed, but this was absolutely…",Date of stay: March 2007,3.0
2334,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2330-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Complicated Hotel,"I have a lot of mixed feelings on this hotel so I gave it an average score.  The hotel itself seems very nice - the hotel staff is super helpful and goes out of their way to make you feel welcome, help you out, etc.  Where my problem lies is the room itself.  I really felt like we got 5 star service with a 2 star room.  Since I stay in the room more than I enjoy the service - I gave it overall 3 stars.  The room was small, had a bed spread that made me feel like I was staying in the country - seriously clashed with the over service provided.  There was no real desk in our room at all and limited space to put our things.  It was honestly hard to get past the bedspread, hehe.  Add in the german phone sex channel that comes on at 11pm on their TV ....and you get the point.  High…",Date of stay: September 2007,3.0
2335,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2335-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Had a very enjoyable stay,"I stayed in this hotel for 2 nights for my mother's birthday. I have stayed in 5* hotels abroad but not in this country so I didn't quite know what to expect.  The check in was smooth - we arrived at noon even though check in wasn't until 3pm, but out rooms were ready for us. We dropped our bags off outside the hotel and had to enter a bus lane to do this - this could have cost us a £120 fine so be aware! The breakfast was great - a massive selection and we really filled ourselves up on this as we were doing the touristy thing and didn't really have time for lunch. The rooms were clean - stocked with plenty of tea, coffee and biscuits and a great size - only thing that was a problem was the enormity of the bed...the duvet didn't really fit on it and I got cold quite a fewtimes…",Date of stay: September 2007,4.0
2336,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2335-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Dont Bother,"This is the worst hotel I have ever stayed in,  it is not a what a real 5 star hotel should be - at best its a 2/3 star.  The room was cramped and dirty. Carpet was torn in places. Bedspread had stains - cobwebs everywhere and the room smelled of human sweat , masked with air freshener  They really didn't care when I complained - I was just passing trade - so they gave me the worst room in the building.  and I pre-paid £230.00 for one night - not including b'fast.  Dinner was over cooked - had a slight metalic taste to it.  Whoever owns or tries to manage this place hasn't got a clue.  I have worked in Hotels and Catering for 25 years -and I have stayed in some really bad places - but this is the worst.  They need to lose 2 stars.  Dont stay here - you will be disappointed ",Date of stay: August 2007,1.0
2337,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2335-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Fantastic location.... Not a great hotel anymore....,"I stayed at Le Meridian Piccadilly 20 years ago when it really was a 5 star hotel and decided to stay recently in view of my previous good experience. How sad I was to note the tired, shabby state it has been allowed to become by the current owners. The room size was ok but the furnishings and decor were completely worn out - nowhere near 3 star let alone 5 star status. The hotel has been 'flogged' to the limit and should have been refurbished five years ago. The interconnecting door between rooms had virtually no soundproofing and, in order to catch some sleep, I had to knock twice to silence the neighbours who were having a lively conversation at 1pm. The bar has always been expensive but even I was surprised when we were charged £45 for four ordinary drinks and the privelege…",Date of stay: August 2007,2.0
2338,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2335-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Alright considering it was booked on Priceline,"We had three rooms for two nights before our cruise and then one night after.  All were booked on priceline and we were quite happy with the price we paid considering how expensive London is.  The location of the hotel is excellent.  The service was good but not great, with some lapses, but they tried to please. The public areas are quite nice and well maintained but somewhat outdated.  We had a variety of rooms, from a tiny room with two twins to very large rooms during the second stay.  All of the rooms were very outdated.  The looked like they had not been redone since the 1940s and probably haven't.  However, linens were quite good. The bathrooms were spacious and amenites there were nice.  Overall, I would stay here again if I got the same price ($240/night) but would not…",Date of stay: August 2007,3.0
2339,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2335-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","OK, but overpriced","Stayed two nights. booked through SPG and got ""upgrade"" to tiny box of a room on 8th floor. It's an average 4 star hotel, certainly no better than the Royal Lancaster which is 60% cheaper. Average dinner in terrace restaurant (with leaky roof and forgotten orders) came in at £170 +. Don't stay here if value for money is an issue.  Great fitness club/steam etc in basement.  No plan to return. There's better value elsewhere in town. ",Date of stay: August 2007,2.0
2340,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2340-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Central location, good rooms if you get upgraded","In contrast to many of the reviewers posting here, we had a great time at Le Meridien Piccadilly.  I should caveat that statement, though, by saying that we were given a ""double upgrade"" due to Starwood Gold status.  We were initially a little underwhelmed that our room was a ""double upgrade.""  But, based on others' room experiences, I suppose it really was an improvement over the norm.  Not a large room, but very clean and comfortable, with a big window overlooking Regent St.  The AC worked really nicely, and we had no noise problems whatsover.  Even the shower was modern and great.  So, it looks like we avoided some travelers' problems by getting the upgrade.  We also enjoyed the chocolates with turndown service.  As others have noted, the various service fees at this hotel…",Date of stay: July 2007,4.0
2341,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2340-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Fabulous location...great hotel.,"The hotel is in a Fabulous location...easy walk to the Leicester Square where TKTS is located and easy walk to Buckingham Palace and Cabinet war rooms, Parliment, London Eye etc...a few minutes away from Picadilly Circle where everything is so energized and lively.  Right on a bus stop and easy to get a cab so we LOVED the location.   We booked thru otel.com and had breakfast included in room fee and that breakfast was spectacular...it normally would cost atleat 20GBP...we LOVED it. The concierge was really helpful and always nice and available.  You can even get umbrellas from him when it rains. I was hesitant to stay due to the bad reviews on tripadvisor but we are totally thrilled with that hotel and would not want to stay in any other location...but do try to get that…",Date of stay: July 2007,5.0
2342,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2340-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Stay Elsewhere!,"We were expecting a 5 star hotel and were shocked to find that our room was a hole in the wall, with no wall between the bedroom and the bathroom, a dirty bathtub, stained sheets and poor electrical function in the room.  It started off badly when our room was not ready upon our arrival, we waited four hours until the room was ""ready"".  Then the overhead lights kept going out. We'd call the hotel staff and they were blaming us for ""plugging something in"" but it wasn't the outlets that didn't work, it was the overhead lights. Three times they had to fix the fusebox until I insisted that there was a problem with the lights that needed to be addressed. Finally someone came up to the room, took the transformer bulbs out of the lights over the desk and left. Thereafter we didn't have…",Date of stay: June 2007,1.0
2343,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2340-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Very expensive hotel,"I wanted a nice central hotel as we were going to see Mamma Mia. My room needed a make over, the bath and sink leaked and the carpet needs refurbishing. I was very disappointed for the price l paid. They gave us a free bottle of red wine as it was my husbands birthday by a nice friendly receptionist. On arrival l did not find another receptionist friendly to begin with l think it all depends who you have. I have stayed at better hotels. ",Date of stay: June 2007,2.0
2344,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2340-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Good Location, Bad Hotel service","We recently stayed at this hotel due to the recent reports however we learned that this hotel does not cater well to families or US citizens. Examples, every concierge gave us wrong directions and inaccurate info. We asked for area restaurants and they replied ""just out the door"". OK, but do you have a list of restaurants around the Picaddilly Circle...""no"". The doorman was best at directions and recommendations. We had a very small room for three persons and had a funny smell in the room. There is a charge for everything, the hotel computer terminal internet access is VERY expensive. A three ounce coke at the bar was $10. The hotel restaurant has more atmosphere than taste. London is an expensive city but this hotel added to the frustration with small overpriced rooms and bad…",Date of stay: June 2007,2.0
2345,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2345-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",The worst hotel I've ever stayed in,"It was the most over-priced and over-rated hotel ever! It was dirty, run-down, smelly, thin walled and simply ugly. Customer service was terrible! O, I had several thefts from my room also. I do not understand how this hotel is a four star one. I understand that hotels in London are generally run-down but this hotel is unacceptable for its price. Stay away from this place! ",Date of stay: January 2007,1.0
2346,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2345-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Good location, nice food","My husband and I stayed in this hotel for one night, as we were attending a dinner there. Check in was fine. The first room we were offered had only an internal window overlooking the restaurant and bar, which we didn't like. There was no problem changing it to one overlooking Regent Street. The room wasn't very big, and the wardrobe was tiny, but it was perfectly ok for one night. The room was clean and traditionally furnished, if a little gloomy. Oddly, there were some small holes burnt in the curtains. All the staff were very friendly and helpful - doormen, porters, check-in, chambermaid, and waiters. The formal dinner was very good. Afterwards, although the bar was crowded, the staff did their best to rearrange the furniture to accommodate our party. Service in the…",Date of stay: May 2007,4.0
2347,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2345-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Beware!!,"We booked the LeMeridian Piccadilly through United Vacations in Nov. 2006.   After an all nite flight arriving at the hotel at 7 a.m. we had to wait all day for a room, actually took a nap in the spa waiting for room.  The first room they gave us was very small, very dated with extremely faded bedspread, lamp shades hanging from lamps and very unsatisfactory and asked for another room.  We spent our first  nite in the second room they found for us which wasn't much better.  After ""upgrading"" with two cost increases we got a larger room more like a Jr. Suite size but still was pretty worn and in need of remodeling.  There is NO WAY this is a 5 star hotel.  Can't believe the pictures of rooms I've seen on web sites, ours was NOTHING like any of them. Location is great right next…",Date of stay: November 2006,2.0
2348,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2345-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Needs a facelift,"We stayed at the hotel over the weekend of the London Marathon.  We had booked the hotel through Priceline’s blind auction for about £450 for 3 nights (Sat, Sun, and Mon) including Priceline’s fees and charges back in January.  The Le Meridien Piccadilly is often won on the blind 5* auctions for Mayfair on Priceline.  Given that there were 35000 runners in the Marathon and 700,000 people watching it – we thought cheap prices would be hard to come by.  The rack rate for the room was £310+ VAT.  I was disappointed there was no obvious way to email the hotel to make requests.  Location If you want to be near Piccadilly, the hotel can’t be beat.  Now that the universally recognised terrible Regent Palace Hotel is closed, I would guess it is the closest hotel, at about 30 seconds,…",Date of stay: April 2007,3.0
2349,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2345-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Would return,"I was worried about the mixed reviews of this hotel but we were pleasantly surprised  We are a family of 4 with 12yr old girl and 10yr old boy As most people know it is hard to find a room for 4 in Europe. The reasons we chose this hotel were, rooms for 4, pool, location and price. We had a great deal at 150pounds plus VAT, this also included the buffet breakfast each morning  We arrived at 10am and as expected the room wasn't ready. We went to have a bite to eat and walk around some. We returned to the hotel at 2pm and they did have one room ready but the one they had set aside wasn't yet ready as the people in it were platinum starwood members and had a 4pm checkout. That was fine with us because we are Gold members and we would get the same on our last day. They asked us to…",Date of stay: April 2007,4.0
2350,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2350-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Good place if you can afford it!,"The older rooms in this hotel are not so nice, but the newly renovated rooms are really good...and generally larger (or at least feel larger!) My wife and I stayed for 4 nights in this hotel and we really loved it for its incredible location! It is located on Piccadilly and is really right in the hub of where all activities in London happen! the theater district is nearby and so are the restaurants and shopping! Also it is a short walk to the Trafalgar Square! Overall it is bit pricey hotel...but then London is steep! We really loved our stay here as we could go everywhere and still return to our hotel which was a short walk of underground ride away! If you can afford it, it is worth it! ",Date of stay: January 2007,4.0
2351,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2350-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Can't beat the location; well appointed but tranquil hotel,"OK - this is my second trip to London & second time staying at the Le Meridien Piccadilly.  I mainly relied on my bf the first time we went as he told me it was a great location, central to everything.  And being a Meridien a trustworthy brand.    I am very high maintenance about hotels - I tend to pick them apart but honestly not much to pick apart at the Meridien Piccadilly.  I have stayed in much better hotels & definitely worse.  Beautiful building / street exterior - doorman greets you at the revolving doors bringing you into the small, but lovely lobby.  There is a concierge desk & a check-in area.  There is a beautiful tea room/lounge off the lobby very old school looking.  A small room with two computers (pay for use) and a few chaises/seats scattered.  Not a grand lobby…",Date of stay: March 2007,4.0
2352,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2350-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Central Location!,"The staff were very professional & helpful, the room was good, if not a little old -fashioned & the breakfast was lovely. We also made use of the leisure facilities & spa which were very good. We paid £200 B&B for a twin room which was a good price for such a centrally located hotel however, I wouldn't pay the full price of £310 + vat.  The only problem that I found with this hotel is the noise at night.  Our room overlooked Regent Street & as it was a Saturday night all we heard until 4.30am was music, sirens & taxi's beeping their horns.   Apart from that a very enjoyable stay! ",Date of stay: March 2007,4.0
2353,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2350-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",over-priced,"Stayed there on a business trip in Feb 2007 - This hotel is definitively not worth the price quoted (GBP 320 + taxes). The Exec room was ageing very badly and I got the impression, that although it had everything you would expect from a 5* hotel - it is not one. The room on the 4th floor seemed very old, had stained carpets and curtains. As I arrived early morning they did not have a room for me, but checked me in, and assured, that upon retrun from business meetings in the evening I will have my luggage in the room. When back to the hotel at around 6.30 pm - I got my Exec room, but my luggage was not there. I had to wait additional hour and a half to get my suitcase delivered to my room.  The roomservice is poor, and the quality of food just about average.  Would definitively…",Date of stay: February 2007,2.0
2354,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2350-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Prime Position,"My wife and I stayed at Le Meridien for three nights from February 11th. You literally could not have a better location if you wanted to visit theatres, Covent Garden or the shopping streets that surround this hotel; but it comes at a price! The room we had was quite small, smaller than I am used to with Starwood hotels, but it was really clean and well appointed. My only real irritation during one night was noise from the next room through the connecting doors, even though locked it does make the soundproofing rather thin, the people having gone to sleep leaving their television on!  Lovely bed though - very comfortable. Dinner was excellent, again though a little pricey, around £160 for a three course meal  for two with wine and pre-meal drink. Worth the indulgence on one or…",Date of stay: February 2007,4.0
2355,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2355-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",a outstanding experience,"I stayed at the Le Meridien Piccadilly for three nights in december 2006 just before Christmas. Because my flight was delayed I arrived really late in the evening at about 11.30 p.m. The staff member at the front desk was extremely helpful and friendly. The hotel facade and lobby were beautifly decorated and athmosphere was wonderful. I got a deluxe room on the second floor overlooking Regent street. The room was absolutely beautiful very much like the one posted on the official Le Meridien webpage. It was spacious, it had about 40 square metres and ceeling was about 4 meters high, the style of the design was edwardian, simple classic luxury. The bathroom was also extremely nice.  Every morning I experienced a wonderful breakfast in the Terrace restaurant, which overlooks…",Date of stay: December 2006,5.0
2356,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2355-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Awful experience,"I came to London on business for two weeks and left this hotel in the middle of my stay.  I arrived and was told there were no non-smoking rooms available, but the smoking rooms did not smell.  When I requested to be moved, the front desk told me I should leave my things packed until further notice and they could move me - which could be days.  My towels had hairs on them and the room was dark and did smell.  It did not feel clean and I was very uncomfortable.  The customer service was terrible and most of the time I was left waiting for someone to even notice I needed to ask a question.  The location was nice, but this should not be a five star hotel and it certainly charges as if it were.  I do not recommend this hotel at all. ",Date of stay: February 2007,2.0
2357,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2355-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Not 5 star and overpriced,"For the money and the location its OK, but for a little bit more we could have got a REAL five star.  The first room we were shown to had no window and no bathroom!!!  It did have an open shower, and as much as my partner love each other we do like to shower in privacy.  There was no bath, and a space where you could hardly get you knees apart called a toilet.  On the upside the room did have a large flat screen TV and a huge bed.  Prefering a window and a modicum of self respect we asked to change rooms.  Our room was changed, and we were put in a standard room, (Travel Lodge style but smaller) with a tiny bed.  It was overall much better as we did have a proper bathroom and a window.  The duvet was too small for two people, and at the end of our stay we found out we were in…",Date of stay: January 2007,2.0
2358,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2355-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Nice gym/location, awful rooms","Very small, cheaply finished room.  Great gym w/ POOL, steam room, and spa.  Would not return here though just for the gym because the room was really pretty lousy compared to other hotels. ",Date of stay: February 2007,3.0
2359,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2355-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent Stay,"We stayed at this hotel for a 3 night break 1st to 4th February.  I must say that we were a little apprehensive about going to Le Meridien Piccadilly due to the negative reports on 'trip advisor'.  We were pleasantly surprised when we arrived - the receptionist was so attentive and professional - we had a room on the 5th floor looking out onto the front side of the hotel.  It was a large room with a very large comfortable double bed and the bathroom was adequate with a brilliant shower. The bedrooms have two hairdriers, one in the bathroom and one in dressing table.  My sister-in-law stayed on the 7th floor for one night 3rd February with her husband and 2 children and they had a magnificent room which cost £200.00 for the four of them with breakfast.  The breakfast in the…",Date of stay: February 2007,4.0
2360,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2360-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Definitely not 5 Star,I have just returned from a stay at this hotel and yes the location is fantastic - I had always wanted to stay at this hotel and wondered how good it would be - I made a point of emailing the hotel months before my stay to ensure that I had a very good refurbished Executive room and not one of the poor rooms mentioned in some of the reviews - I was assured on many occasions that I would not be disappointed  I am afraid to say I was disappointed!!  My room was supposed to be refurbished but I cannot believe it had been refurbished in the last 18 months as I had been told - the carpets were badly stained with black marks running round all the edges - the bathroom had been updated but only in so much as a few of the key tiles had been updated with something more modern leaving all…,Date of stay: January 2007,2.0
2361,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2360-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","In the ""pick your own price"" internet booking lottery, you can't beat this hotel","January 24, 2006 If you are lucky enough to draw this hotel in the ""pick your own price lottery"" on one of the internet booking services, you'll get a wonderful hotel at a good rate in a great location. The room was nice, the bed comfortable, the bathroom quite sufficient, the room clean, the service very good (though I didn't ask for too much).   Yes, as others say, it could stand a bit of paint here and there, and yes, the carpet in some places is a little worn. But, all-in-all, it is very nice especially if you are looking for the perfectly located hotel.   If you are willing to spend hundreds more at one of London's famous and gracious five star hotels, you won't get anywhere close to the additional value that is offered by le Meridien when you are lucky to have it picked…",Date of stay: January 2007,5.0
2362,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2360-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Le Meridien Picadilly was wonderful,"All the hotels in London were expensive.  We got this room for about  225 pounds for a family room.  They upgraded us to a beautiful suite.  The lobby and rooms were impecible and the staff very helpful.  The best of all is the location.  Walking distance to shops, theater, tube, and some museums. ",Date of stay: January 2007,5.0
2363,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2360-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great Location but old holte with poor service,"Stayed 2 nights at the Meridien Piccadilly. Great location, though the rooms (or at least my room) was completely outdated and need an urgent refurbishment: carpet smells, air smells, airco is terribly noisy, bathroom is small and inconvenient, my neighbouring room had a cold and I could hear each cough. For 250 GBP the night, not really up to standards. Ordered room service once, paid 35 £ for poor food.... Will definitely look for another place in London next time ",Date of stay: January 2007,2.0
2364,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2360-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Location, Location, Location","Yes, the rooms are small but the location cannot be beat, well worth the price. ",Date of stay: January 2007,4.0
2365,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2365-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Large slightly faded room, fabulous location, great pool!","This older hotel gave us a large corner room with two double beds, and views out three windows...one of which was in the bathroom.  There was a desk, walk in closet and two armchairs; great for a family.  And...it was free with Sheraton points!  Prices we've seen for the property seem high; just like all of London.  With the tube and theatres just steps away, this central location is a great place to splurge a little or redeem those hotel points. And - to the great joy of our youngest - a gorgeous pool.  Be sure to check pool hours...and ask when children can swim.  We weren't told that only adults are allowed after 8 p.m. until we showed up to swim one evening at 8:30.  The desk staff was competant and the conceirge really didn't answer the one question we asked, but the door…",Date of stay: December 2006,4.0
2366,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2365-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",City centre,"I have stayed in Le Meridien for 5 nights in may 2006. I was satisfied with room that i've got, very clean and tidy. The breakfast was magnificent, very nicely located. I also enjoyed the bar in the hotel that served all kinds of cakes,sweets etc.but the prices aren't that nice. All in all, not so cheap but you get what you payed for. Only thing I disliked was noise, but when you want to stay in centre that's something you have to deal with. I would definately go there again. ",Date of stay: May 2006,3.0
2367,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2365-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Below Par,"Thought the hotel was disappointing given the price and my previous experience of a Meredien Hotel. My room was a bit poky, bed not great, service so-so and every time I waited for a lift the delay was so long I wished I'd brought a good book with me. Attractive building and the location is in Picadilly. Overall OK but poor value ",Date of stay: November 2006,2.0
2368,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2365-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Don't Waste Your Money,"If you are a non-smoker I'd advise you to not stay there. I had booked a non-smoking room and when I opened the door to the room I was almost overcome with the stench of smoke in the room.  My throat hurt and I had a headache from staying in this ""non-smoking"" room. The carpet was old and stained.  The bathroom tile and grout appeared dirty and stained.  I asked for another room, but none was available.  I asked if they had a room deodorizer and was told I could check down the street at Boots (a health & beauty store), but then was told that they were closed.  I was charged a total of $559.47 per night, so it wasn't cheap! ",Date of stay: November 2006,2.0
2369,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2365-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Dated,"Great location but hotel is dated.  Reception staff is not the most friendly although other hotel staff is helpful.  Simply put, five star prices and three star service.  Look elsewhere. ",Date of stay: November 2006,2.0
2370,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2370-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Very dissapointing,"Le Meridien Piccadilly, 5 star hotel with a fantasic location. Location is the only thing going for this hotel. The service is appauling, i have never been treated so badly or felt as if i didnt belong. The room was very old fashioned and the restaurant had very limited options. Breakfast is very overpriced compared to other 5 star properties in the city and the choice of food is very limited. Having stayed here 2 nights i did decide to move on to the Royal Garden Hotel which was considerable better. I stayed at Le Meridien because the chain is known for a guaranteed enjoyable stay, however in the future i wouldnt use this as a certainty. I recomend this hotel is avoided at all costs. ",Date of stay: October 2006,1.0
2371,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2370-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, some 'minuses'....","Stayed at Le Meridien with family (wife+two kids) in two connecting rooms. Hotel location is great (heart of London), rooms very spacious and well equipped. Breakfast room is beautiful, with nice sight. Concierge very helpful (we lost our mobile phone charger and he found one for us immediately). Hair dryer was not available in the room (though we requested it to housemaid and we had one....but my wife had to wait after her shower in the morning and was quite surprised that an Hotel of this category didnt have hair dryer...). All in all would come back there for the beautiful location, and would suggest other people to go there, but only at discount rates (the Hotel is not worth paying a fortune for the room!). ",Date of stay: October 2006,4.0
2372,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2370-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Le Meridien - Great location!,We enjoyed the location and the size of the room given the price.  Furnishings were nice if a little tired.  Our booking included the complimentary breakfast which was very convenient each morning.  It is nice that they had 24 hour concierge but their recommendations were very touristy.  Best to do your own research and either book on your own or be prepared to tell them exactly what you want. ,Date of stay: September 2006,4.0
2373,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2370-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Great Room, Okay Hotel, Horrible Service","We arrived at the hotel in the early morning after an over night Trans Atlantic flight.  Our room was not ready, but the hotel provided us with an empty room to rest and freshen up for the day.  The staff itself was very unorganized and cold.  It was as if they were doing us a favor by checking us in.  The public areas of the hotel were very strange: The lobby was art deco with modern accents, the tea room was Louis V style with very gaudy accents, and then a classic british bar.  Nothing flowed! The health spa however was AMAZING with a gorgeous mosaic tile pool. sauna, and hot tub along with a relaxation room.  The staff in the health spa were the COMPLETE opposite from the reception area, warm and friendly and willing to help.  The concierge at the hotel was as RUDE as rude…",Date of stay: August 2006,4.0
2374,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2370-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Shabby 3* room for a 5* hotel,"We were disappointed with this hotel. My partner and I travelled to London to celebrate our anniversary and thought it would be a treat to stay in a hotel that is highly regarded.  We had a room on the sixth floor which was in Edwardian style. We found the following problems with our room:  1. Extraction fan in bathroom not working 2. Air conditioning unit rattling and very noisy 3. Carpets were matted and old, frayed in some parts and a section messing between the bedroom and the ensuite bathroom. 4. Mini fridge was not working 5. Peeling wall paper  In my opinion the quality of the room was a 3* rating however advertised as 5* hotel which was thoroughly misleading.  The plus points are: 1. Helpful staff and 5* service and facilities 2. The hotel is in a great location.  We…",Date of stay: September 2006,2.0
2375,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2375-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Location, Location, Location","My family and I recently returned from a wonderful 8-day vacation in London.  We booked this hotel several months ago via Starwood Preferred Guest, using a combination of points and regular payment.  Because of this combination, the reservation got messed up and I spent a great deal of time straightening things out with Starwood, luckily right before we were to leave.  So, I was a little nervous about what to expect when we got there.  Things worked out and went very smoothly when we arrived, so I thought I would share my views on some of the comments that have been made in earlier reviews. 1. Room availability:  of course the room wasn't available early in the morning when we arrived, we weren't expecting it to be.  So we checked our bags and went for a walk and some breakfast.…",Date of stay: August 2006,4.0
2376,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2375-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Le Meridien Piccadilly - A Lesson In Poor Value,"I called the week before we left just to make sure our reservations were OK and they had us down for a standard instead of deluxe room.  They said they would correct the problem (thank God I called to check!).  When we arrived the room they had for us on the fifth floor was not ready and we would have to wait hours past the check out time to get into it.  They told us that they had another ""deluxe"" room on the 2nd floor if we didn't want to wait (Jesus, they had a whole week to plan!!!).  We were exhausted so we took it.  The carpet was well worn and the furniture was dusty.  There was virtually no drawer space.  The bathroom was small and the water from the shower leaked on to the floor no matter what you did with the shower curtain.  The air conditioning system could only blow…",Date of stay: August 2006,2.0
2377,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2375-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Tired And Grubby Room,"Stayed for a long weekend to celebrate wedding anniversary, decided to look for a better hotel than we would normally book. The public areas of the hotel are as you would expect from this class of hotel but the room was extremely disappointing. The bathroom was grubby, wallpaper coming away from walls, grubby looking bath, mould around the bath and shower made the most astonishing wailing sound. The paintwork in the bedroom was very dirty, wallpaper was coming away from the walls and worn away in parts, the room generally looked old and tired. traffic noise from outside was VERY loud and stayed so until 2 a.m. We have stayed in many hotels in london, visiting 3 times a year usually, this is the most expensive hotel we have stayed in {£180 per night} and the worst. ",None,2.0
2378,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2375-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, fine service, small room","I have recently spent a few days in the hotel.  I was a little scared after some reviews here, but I am generally quite positive about Le Meridien brand, so I decided to try.  I have not come across with most of the problems mentioned here.  The hotel service was impeccable, I would admit in terms of service the hotel approximates the best hotels in London.  I had probably the best breakfast experience in London, most of the staff are nice looking and attentive ladies, the interior is great (this is a terrace with glass roof).  Unfortunately, I did not have time to go to the health club - you will not often find a hoel with swimming pool in the Central london  Also, the Executive room I stayed in was elegant.  The bed was very comfortable.  But - the room size was well below my…",Date of stay: July 2006,3.0
2379,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2375-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Handy but dated,"This hotel is perfectly placed for all the action in Piccaddily Circus and Leicester Square, however i do have to warn you of  a few pitfalls.  The 5 star rating i am positive only relates to its proximity as the decor is dated, the carpets and curtains are tatty.  The shower in my room didnt have a temperature control, the telly didnt work, the room looked out onto the back of another part of the building with ugly features.  We had a party of 12 booked into 10 diferent rooms and upon giving the first receptionist the booking details, it was passed no less than 5 times between her and another member of staff who hadnt a clue what she was doing.  Meanwhile one of our other party went to a third receptionist and got booked in whilst the other 2 were still playing tig with each…",Date of stay: July 2006,2.0
2380,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2380-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",disappointing,"My husband and I recently visited London and stayed at this hotel for 4 nights.   Our first room was a disaster - with a faulty air conditioner fan that keep making noise all night long, as well as nearby guests who were partying until all hours of the night. (I gather they were attending a graduation ball, being held at the hotel)  The hotel, after 2 nights,l did move us to a beautiful suite - with a separate sitting room. I appreciated their attempt to try and make our stay more pleasant.   Another note - we visited the hotel restaurant twice and at both times was told that the restaurant was not serving meals. At dinner, the restaurant did not open until 6pm.  On Sunday, we tried to have lunch at noon but were told that the restaurant had finished breakfast and would not open…",Date of stay: June 2006,3.0
2381,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2380-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",great for our family,"I have stayed in other hotels in London with my husband but wanted a hotel for the entire family and did a lot of research before choosing Le Meridien.  It turned out to be a great choice.  We got our best price by using Starwood reservations, booking a room with two doubles for our two children and ourselves.  The room was large and clean with a great view.  The reviews on Trip Advisor seem to indicate that the quality of the rooms varies widely, so my husband made sure to specifically ask for a high quality room when we checked in.  I cannot stress enough how nice it is to have the pool in the hotel.  The location was fantastic and after a long day, we would go down for a swim.  The health club looked great, as well, though we never had a chance to use it.  I would highly…",Date of stay: June 2006,5.0
2382,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2380-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, room was ok","Stayed here for honeymoon in October 2005 for 6 nights.  Booked through Priceline.  Hotel location is central and convenient.  We were given a large room with 2 small full bathrooms (not a suite, just a large bedroom), but it was definitely one of the older non-renovated rooms.  There is a Starbucks and Cafe Nero next door, and there are lots of restaurants nearby. ",Date of stay: October 2005,4.0
2383,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2380-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, helpful staff, decent room.","My husband and I were in Europe for our honeymoon and spent 5 nights at the Le Meridien Piccadilly. It was my second time at this hotel and the room wasn't as great as I remembered, but it was fine, defiantly not a newly renovated room (I think I must have had an upgraded room last time without knowing it).  The best thing about this hotel is the location,  you couldn't ask for a better spot. Shopping, restaurants, pubs, theatre district and the underground about 20 steps from the hotels front door. Also, there was a small little cafe just around the corner from the hotel (Piggy's I think), we went there every morning for a small breakfast with coffee, it was only about 7 pounds for the two of us which was great!  I would defiantly go back...but would request a room on a…",Date of stay: June 2006,4.0
2384,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2380-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Perfect Location for being in the thick of it!,"Stayed here for 2 nights with my husband on a biz trip (without kids). Purposely thought we'd try a hotel in the very center of everything instead of our usual South Kensington hotel. I thought it was a wonderful hotel! The T is across the street, banks are within a block, Boots is across the street along with a cheap internet cafe. Starbucks next door. Could walk to everything in 10 minutes.  Our room looked smaller and a bit different than the ones shown on the website as we had one of the top floor rooms with a ""dormer"" window--I think the room was smaller than the others, but it still was plenty spacious and the bathroom was a good size. I liked the turn down service with slippers--a nice touch.  Had tea and drinks in the parlor which was quite pricey but the ambiance was…",Date of stay: February 2006,4.0
2385,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2385-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great experience!,"My husband and I just returned from London after staying at this hotel for three nights.  We stayed on the 4th floor in a newly renovated room.  The room was spacious, clean and very comfortable.  The decor was lovely and the bed had gorgeous new white linens and extra pillows.  The hotel was very centrally located and was  less then a block away from the underground station and many restaurants.  The staff was extremely courteous especially the front desk manager.  I am a very tough hotel critic and I would reccomend this to my friends and family and plan to stay again on my next visit. ",None,5.0
2386,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2385-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Pleasant Stay at Meridien Piccadilly,"My husband, daughter and I stayed at this hotel for 5 nights in April 2006.  We had a room with 2 queen (double) beds on the 9th floor with a view toward the London Eye and Big Ben.  The room was quite large but definitely needed updating.  When we booked the room, our reservation said we had an Executive room with 2 Queen beds, which this room was not.  When we enquired at the desk about the difference, they told us that none of the Executive (meaning remodeled) rooms had 2 queen beds, which differed from their web site and our confirmation.  I didn't have a copy of the confirmation with me so we were stuck.  But, when we told them about specific problems with the room (eg., the towel warmer wasn't working, light bulbs out, etc), they promptly fixed them so we were content.  My…",Date of stay: April 2006,4.0
2387,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2385-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Not what it used to be...,"This used to be one of my favourite hotels in the world... I had amazing memories of it, stayed dozens of times, including one long stay of 3 weeks whilst I was moving.  I regret that my last visit was a major let down. I took a friend for a weekend as a special treat, upon arrival the public areas were immaculate and pleasing as always. I had to wait some time to check in as the desks were busy, however the actual check in was ok.  We were then sent to our room on the 9th floor, no lift to the last part and long dull corridors to walk along. I was shocked when I saw the room, the smallest I have ever seen, a little tired, and not the executive room that I expected.  After complaining by telephone ( and they seemed shocked that I would complain about this room! ) I was asked if…",Date of stay: November 2005,2.0
2388,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2385-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Rooms have seen better days, but comfortable and well located","It's true the rooms are little faded and the details haven't received the attention you'd expect in a 4-star hotel, but it would be a mistake to overemphasize the faults. The rooms are perfectly comfortable (and mine was a good size for London)and the public areas are all very fine. In fact, the pool/gym/spa area is newly renovated and superb. The size and atmosphere of the pool area is particularly impressive. Remember your swimsuit.  Much has been made of the location, and truly if it's the West End you're interested in then it's all on your doorstep. At the same time, be prepared to be amongst the tourists. You're at the center of it all there.  Service was friendly enough and did the job. They loaned me an umbrella on a rainy Sunday, so count me grateful and satisfied. …",Date of stay: February 2006,4.0
2389,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2385-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",best hotel in london,"Extraordinay!  I have made 27 trips to loondon in the past 18 years. Le Meridien, PIccadilly is probably the finest hotel at which I have ever stayed in the world. The only warning is that the food is extremely overpriced however, the staff is extremely courteous and friendly. The location  cant' be beat. I am almost a little reluctant to give this out because it is not a hotel for ""American Tourists"" it is a classic.   Even though our trip last month was with three children (ages 17, 12 and 11) I can think of no finer hotel in central london.  I have stayed at the Miyako, the Hyatt on Union Square, and the St. Francis in San Francisco;  the Century Plaza in Los Angeles; the Palmer House in Chicago; the Breakers in Palm Beach; Fontainebleu in MIami; the Waldorf Asoria; Georges…",Date of stay: December 2005,5.0
2390,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2390-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",8 out of 10 stars,"My mother and I spent four nights at Le Meridien in Piccadilly in mid-August.  The hotel is one block away from the main center of Picadilly.  This was our first visit to London, and it felt like we were staying in Times Square in New York.  For those who prefer somewhat of a quieter stay, I would suggest staying somewhere in Kensington away from Picadilly. However, if you want to be ""in the mix"", this hotel is perfect.   The first room they gave us was great... until we took our shoes off and found that the rug was soaking wet.  However, they quickly apologized and changed our rooms, although our bags went missing for awhile.  After this brief debacle, our stay was quite nice.  It is noisy in front of the hotel, so I would suggest trying to reserve a room towards the back.  The…",Date of stay: August 2005,4.0
2391,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2390-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Disappointed,"I had booked well in advance a newly refurbished non-smoking Executive Room but because I made a late check-in (which was pre-announced), I was given the worst room they had in the category. Since the hotel was fully booked they could only offer me a larger smoking room instead. If they call these rooms newly refurbished I can only give my condolences. The carpets are filthy, the walls and ceilings have visible cracks and the furniture is really run down. The health club is nice but they only have one therapist available who works in the afternoon, so forget a morning massage. I have stayed here several times prior to their renovation, and frankly I found the rooms much more comfortable in the past. In the health club they had several therapists so there were no problems to get…",Date of stay: December 2005,2.0
2392,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2390-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Used Priceline, Upgraded, and had a great stay!","I have just returned from staying at the Le Meridien Piccadilly for six nights including Christmas.  Used Priceline and got a rate of what would equate to 100 GBP a night, and was initially placed in a ""classic"" room, which was code word for ""unrenovated and small.""  That's OK, though, 'cause I'm an old hand at checking into hotels and then asking nicely if there's anything else available.  We were shown another room which we could have for an extra 30 quid a night, which was nicer than the first, but still not great.  The lovely duty manager then said ""we have a room for you"" and showed us a fantastic corner room overlooking Regent Street and the great Christmas lights - it even had a (tiny) balcony.  We paid an extra 40 GBP a night for the upgrade, but that's fine since we…",Date of stay: December 2005,5.0
2393,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2390-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Nice rooms, great health club, unbeatable location !","I stayed 3 nights at Le Meridien Piccadilly just before Christmas with family. We booked 2 Classic rooms for 99GBP per night exc. Taxes (Winter Warmers special offer). And I have to say that I was a little bit worried because of the reviews I read on Trip Advisor.  I have no reason to worry, indeed we really enjoyed our stay. I give you here my feelings about this hotel. - The first impression just after the doorman welcomed you was very good : the lobby is nice with an impressive Christmas tree in the middle. The check-in was a little bit long, but the desk clerk offered us a free upgrade to Executive rooms because there were no connecting rooms as we requested in the booking form. Nice surprise ! - These rooms were nice : of course, they were not very large, “only” 25 square…",Date of stay: December 2005,5.0
2394,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2390-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Enjoyable stay,"I enjoyed my stay at the Meridien, the room was very nice although a bit small, but then when you visit a city you're hardly ever in the room anyway. The only negative thing was the price of drinks in the Burlington bar. £12.80 for a drink was much too expensive, in fact there was a couple arguing with the barman about the prices, they eventually paid but headed off to see the hotel manager. ",Date of stay: December 2005,4.0
2395,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2395-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Perfect Hotel for the money,"Fiancee and I stayed here over the Thanksgiving holiday.  Paid $900 for 4 nights including tax.  Requested an upgrade to a king size bed that put us in a nicer room than I feel we would have gotten normally.  This is not a 5-star hotel, but I don't think you could do any better for around $225/night in this location.  Right next to Piccadilly Circus, Leicester Sqare, Trafalger - we even walked to the Thames several times and Harrod's at Knightsbridge - though we tubed back due to the cold and wind.  Room showed no signs of decay although the shower was never really that hot.  Bed was extremely comfortable.  An iron was delivered promptly when requested though it was a bit old.  Expensive in room internet and business center downstairs.  The gym in the basement was exceptional -…",Date of stay: November 2005,4.0
2396,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2395-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Our experience was fine,"We had two rooms for our four-night stay this past week. Our son and daughter had an executive queen, and although the room was called queen, they actually had two twin beds rather than two queen beds. My husband and I had an executive king room.  Both rooms were large and comfortable. Although the floor we were on was posted as non-smoking there was a strong odor of smoke nearby. One of the maids said some guests bring their own ashtrays and smoke anyway.  My husband used the health club every morning and liked it very much.   The doorman and all of the other men in the hotel staff were courteous, very helpful, always cheerful with a friendly hello. The women on the staff (check-in desk), on the other hand, were unhelpful, distant, and abrupt. They should take lessons on…",Date of stay: November 2005,4.0
2397,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2395-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Guess we got lucky,"We got a deal at Le Meridien through Priceline and after reading reviews on this site, I was pretty nervous about what we'd get.  But I guess we got lucky because the experience was terrific.  We arrived late from a long trip from Croatia and were upgraded to a deluxe room on the top floor.  It was perfect - big, clean and charming.  We were facing south and could see Big Ben and the ferris wheel on the Thames.  Our room looked like it was recently remodeled, but it still retained old-fashioned charm.  Big bathroom, huge tub, all very clean and well-kept.  One annoying thing was that the elevator only goes to the floor below ours, so we had to walk a flight of stairs each time back and forth.  We were too busy seeing London to even spend much time in the hotel, so I can't…",Date of stay: October 2005,4.0
2398,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2395-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Not that impressive!,"I stayed at Le Meridien Piccadilly one night at the end of the business trip. From a location perspective this hotel has it all.  Extremely well location in the heart of London's attractions. As a Gold member of Le Meridien I was upgraded to the ""best"" available room in the hotel.  Whilst the room was very large by European standards it was well worn and not very clean. I was also given a smoking room versus a requested non smoking room. I paid GBP 129 which seemed very reasonable compared to other hotels in the area.",Date of stay: November 2005,2.0
2399,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2395-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Disgusting,"This hotel is definitely more of a motel.  The facilities were disgusting (stained furniture, wallpaper, worn carpet, outdated bathroom, etc.) and the staff was terrible.  I would NEVER stay here again, at any price. ",Date of stay: November 2005,1.0
2400,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2400-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Hotel is nice but..........,"Just returned today after staying at Le Meridien from the 5th-12th of November.  After reading the mixed reviews I was a little concerned but since it was already booked and paid for, I went with an open mind.  First problem arose when I checked in.  American Airlines Vacations booked me into a Junior Suite, which is what I had paid for, Le Meridien had me in a regular room and would not move me.  When I showed the desk clerk the information from AA Vacations showing the description as a Junior suite with separate bedroom, 2 televisions..etc, I was informed that by the desk clerk that AA made the mistake, not them and to take it up with AA when I returned home. Prior to leaving for London I looked for a ticketing office address in London in case of problems while vacationing and…",Date of stay: November 2005,3.0
2401,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2400-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Not worth the money,"Rude staff.  I was downgraded upon arrival without being advised, no apology.  Personal correspondence to the former guest was delivered to the room whilst I was in it.  Then, after a struggle, I was given a 'suite' which meant my friend had to sleep on a very uncomfortable sofa-bed.  If you book a suite you'll be sorely disappointed judging by the one we were given.  The laundry was delivered 2 hours later than advised which meant we didn't have time for dinner before the play.  The in-room entertainment didn't work and we were advised the engineer had gone home!  Again, on departure very rude staff.  For a twenty-four stay in London about 4 hours were spent in the hotel sorting out the poor service.  I stayed in the Sanderson two weeks later - an example of what a 5 star…",Date of stay: August 2005,1.0
2402,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2400-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Our 6 day stay was delightful,"Our check in was effortless, we got a beautiful room with a queen size bed and larger than average bath. There was plenty of walk around room, two plush chairs and a good sized desk. Windows overlooked Piccadilly Street on the fourth floor. We had not ordered a basic room and they didn’t give us one. The furnishings were a little past their prime but clean.  Room service was prompt, the food expensive but delicious. I toured the spa downstairs but didn’t get back to use it. It was 5 star, including the pool. Breakfast was included in our plan but I only used it once. The quality and presentation of the breakfast buffet was top notch, the service was well intentioned but inept. Plenty of room for improvement but it felt like they were working on improving while I was there.   The…",Date of stay: September 2005,4.0
2403,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2400-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great Location,"My stay was Sept 14-20, 2005 at Le Meridien Piccadilly. I booked on Priceline with a rate of $198 per day, including all taxes and Priceline fees.   We arrived at 11am, but were not able to check in until 2pm (expected, so no problem). The room had twin-beds, and faced a building that was very close (no view - but who cares). The room was a bit warm, and the AC was ineffective. Opening the window as an option, but the noise made it impractical for sleeping.   The location is the best feature of this hotel - close to the Royal Academy, Leicester Square (theaters) and Covent Garden (food). One block from the Picidilly Line tube stop.  The only downside is to expect a 5 star hotel (as advertised on Priceline). I would give this hotel a 3 to 4 star rating at best (hotel quality) -…",Date of stay: September 2005,4.0
2404,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2400-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Le Meridien Piccadilly - very good experience,"I am just winding up a 5 day stay (Sept 14-19, 2005) at Le Meridien Piccadilly. I booked on Hotwire getting a very favourable rate of $181 per day for a 4.5 star hotel, including all taxes and Hotwire Fees. The lowest rate on the hotel website for this period was GBP276.  I had room 505. Check-in was fast and friendly. No upgrades were available as the hotel was fully booked for Fashion Week. The room was ready at the advertised time (2 p.m.). It was comfortably large for a solo traveller - twin-bedded and very quiet even though it was at the front of the hotel overlooking Piccadilly. Lots of light. Comfortable sitting area (tho chairs and carpet had a couple of spots), large TV, good bathroom with a couple of cosy robes. super bedlinen and a comfortable mattress. All my advance…",Date of stay: September 2005,4.0
2405,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2405-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Tourist Central,Reception lied to us about our room. Also did not seem to care that our bed was broken when we told them at checkout. At check in we were told they upgraded us. Check out receptionist told us thats the room we booked.  Miscommunication somewhere. Would not stay here again.,Date of stay: August 2005,3.0
2406,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2405-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",A Wonderful Stay!!!,"I recently stayed 3 nights at Le Meridien Picadilly. I prepaid through hotels.com. Upon arrival, the front desk clerk spent a great deal of time finding us the best room available.  She was very gracious and was truly concorned that our room would be to our liking. Our room was a lovely large room on the 4th floor.  It had a wondefully comfortable king size bed with high quality Irish linen sheets.  There was a seating area with two overstuffed chairs and a table.  The room was lit with beautiful sconces and an overhead chandelier.  Okay, so the carpet was a bit worn here and there and the stuffed chairs were a tad frayed.  This did not detract in anyway from the charm and comfort of the room.  The maid service was fabulous and kept the room impecabbly clean.  The towels in the…",Date of stay: August 2005,5.0
2407,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2405-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Mixed feelings...,"RECEPTION LIARS: We arrive to check-in the hotel at 1pm, and reception tells us that the two (quoted:) CONNECTING rooms are not ready, and suggests that we return in an hour. We head out for lunch, and return around 2pm, and reception still tells us that the rooms are not ready, and asks us to wait a little more. 30 minutes later, we get out and do a little shopping in order to kill some time. We return once again at 4:30pm, and reception tells us that only ONE room is ready. He promises that he will personally come up to our room and hand us the key to the second room. So we check-into the first room, only to find out that there is no connecting door to the second room. I look at the floor plan of the hotel on the door of the guestroom, and learn that there are actually NO…",Date of stay: September 2005,3.0
2408,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2405-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",An excellent stay,"An excellent location in the heart of London makes this hotel an extremely convenient choice for getting about. The room was pretty good, a lot larger than I expected for the price and split over two levels. The view over Regent Street made us feel right in the thick of things, but there was no noise to worry about. The staff were all friendly and helpful and extremely polite. The  pool, steam room and jaccuzi were fantastic. All for £155 + vat per night. A great deal. We would definitely choose Le Meridien Piccadilly again. ",Date of stay: August 2005,4.0
2409,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2405-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Renovation needed urgently but great location,"I stayed on a buisness trip in the Meridien Picadilly for two nights and the whole experience was ok. Negatives were the huge humidity spot on my ceiling not really approprate for a 5 stars hotel. I was shocked to see that noone bothered to put some paint on it. The bathroom was spacious but no hairdryer! Shampoos, creams etc are ok but not enough. Front desk was good and friendly. I travelled by myself so the security in the front door (locking the door after evenings hours and allowing entrance from a side door) was a positive surprise. The guard was very friendly. The newspaper arrived only the first of the two days I was there, I don't know why... Possibility to make some hot chocolate in the room and mini fridge content were also good elements. I wouldn't rate the hotel…",Date of stay: August 2005,3.0
2410,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2410-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Thought it would be nicer...,"Upon arrival, the staff, as everyone does, asks for a credit card number to hold in case of any ""charges that may occur"".  We had no problem with this, as we know that every hotel does this...they hold your credit card and charge that card if anything occurs.  NO.  They charged our card at check in.  They charged our card 500 dollars.  Seeing that it was myself and my best friend, we had a set amount of money for our spending in London.  When finding out that they charged the card, we spent hours on the phone, calling back to the US (which we were paying for).  I calmly spoke to the front desk (as I am not one to scream at anyone for an error), and they denied charging the card. Finally, we had something faxed over stating that the card was charged by the hotel.  It took us 15…",Date of stay: September 2004,2.0
2411,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2410-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Three night weekend stay.,"Everything fine with the reservation. Checked-in at 10:30 on Saturday not expecting for room to be ready, which was the case. The female receptionist was very functionary and did not look up from her computer monitor once until check-in complete. She also did not use my surname.  Returned at 16:00 and was given key to room. On arrival at large room (think we may have been upgraded) our luggage was not waiting for us (why were they not proactive and have it there upon entry?). Called Concierge to ask for it and after a while it arrived. Porter was pleasant but was adamant not going to tip for no proactivity and delay.   The public areas are lovely and in excellent condition. The sixth floor corridor and our room 623 was in dire need of refurbishment. Our bathroom was perhaps 4…",None,2.0
2412,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2410-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Pleasantly Surprised,"After reading reviews - especially from Priceline customers (which we were) - I wasn't sure that we would be happy.  I have to say, from check-in to check-out we were treated very well, and although I have to assume we had an older un-refurbished room we were happy and comfortable.  The room and it's furnishings were a bit dowdy & worn, and nothing like those on the hotel's web site or brochure but as a Priceline bidder, that's what I expected.  I also wasn't surprised that we were given twin beds as I had made 2 requests in advance - non-smoking and a double bed - prioritizing the non-smoking which we were granted.  It would have been nice to have both, but again, for the rate we got, it was fine.  I also have to compliment the staff.  We were departing on the 7th - we were in…",Date of stay: July 2005,4.0
2413,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2410-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Good Location,"Although the location was wonderful, the hotel room was very small, the bath as small, and we had to come to the conclusion that we were paying such a high price because of the location.  We were able to walk easily to our destinations, some to the transportation to get to those destinations.  Shopping was close.  The hotel was very accomodating with our 9:30am arrival from the US and had our room immediately available. The concierge left a lot to be desired as we could barely understand his heavily accented English and eventually gave up asking for his advice. Internet access was an extra charge and you needed to purchase prepaid cards to use the lobby computers for 15min increments. ",None,3.0
2414,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2410-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Tale of two cities,"This hotel depends on if you get an upgraded room.  Mine was small with water stains on the ceiling.  Interior room was quiet, but no view.  The hotel staff was friendly and the location great, but I couldn't wait to move to a different hotel. ",Date of stay: July 2005,3.0
2415,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2415-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",The Piccadilly is first class,"The Piccadilly was first on my list for location, but after a great arrival and room it started to be an experiance.  Great Staff Great food Leisure Club was fantastic  If you want the 5* treatment try the Le Meridien Piccadilly. ",None,5.0
2416,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2415-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great location/good hotel,Booked directly through the Le Meridien web site. I was nervous about this hotel with the amount of negative reviews but wanted to stay in the Piccadilly area. Also looked at the Ritz but decided to try the Le meridien. With a wife and 2 children in tow the choices are very limited. Booked a oversized 2 queen bed room for $390 GPB. We arrived about 11:00 AM and were told our room wouldn't be ready until after 2:00 PM. Had lunch and went back about 1:30 PM. Staff immeadiately came from behind the desk into the lobby and told us they had upgraded us to a king suite for no extra charge. Room was very nice and clean. Everything was in working order. Staff was always polite and helpful. Can't attest to bar or restaurant as we never used them. Lost power in half the room one morning…,Date of stay: June 2005,4.0
2417,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2415-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Great Staff, Great stay","I found a great deal on Priceline and said what the hey.  I usually go to Trip Advisor to get reviews but didn't this time. I travel to London at least twice a year so I've experienced lots of various hotels and this was a great experience. When I first arrived they gave me a King on a smoking floor, I asked to be changed to a non smoking room and the did so right away. June is the beginning of the busy season so that was good. They even upgraded me. The room was spacious for London standards and the bathroom was nice with extra amenities. I'm not being generous here because I'm used to 5 star hotels. The room service was great in bringing up wine buckets and table settings. The brand new health center with indoor pool was just a few weeks old so that was great to start the day.…",Date of stay: June 2005,5.0
2418,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2415-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Faulty Towers - Worst Hotel,"Horror story. Faulty Towers. Worst Hotel I have ever stayed at.  We finished off a wonderful trip around Ireland staying in cheap B&Bs, and they were wonderful.  We thought we would top off the trip by spoiling ourselves at the Le Meridien, paying 300 GBP per night. We first arrived at the hotel and a drama was taking place in the lobby, a woman was upset as the Hotel staff were trying to find a master key to unlock her door (the master key wasn't working) there was an 18 month old child locked in the room (this went on for 45 mins).  The manager didn't not seem concerned, he called the woman neurotic??? We arrived around 1pm and our room wasn't ready, they said they would take our bags up to the room when it was ready.  We arrive back at the hotel 5 hours later, and they were…",Date of stay: November 2004,1.0
2419,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2415-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Kinda shabby but conveniently located,"I stayed for business for a week and the Picadilly Le Meridian is conveniently located in Picadilly which is great for access to restaurants and the theatre.  The rooms were a bit shabby and need renovation.  The bathroom was ok, the best feature was the towel warmer.  Definitely bring your own shampoo/conditioner - the ones that they provide are terrible.  The service level is pretty bad at the front-desk.  Be patient because you will be there a while.  The concierge provided incorrect information to restaurants that were closed or pretty bad.  There is no special club/business access and the internet stalls provided were always out order. If convenience is your most important feature then stay here it is close to the tube station and centrally located for restaurants,…",Date of stay: February 2005,2.0
2420,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2420-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","good location, avg hotel","We stayed at this hotel 4/18-4/24.  The location is good.  Starbucks next door, tube a few feet down the street.  The room was clean but very small.  The entire hotel needs to be refurbished.  Not bad but not great. ",Date of stay: April 2005,3.0
2421,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2420-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",The Merridien DOES NOT disappoint. Great Hotel,"First, we did not use Priceline to book this hotel and I've noticed that most complaints are from Priceline customers. We did, however, pay in advance through Travelocity to get a better rate and upon check in, we even got upgraded for free (which was a really nice suprise!).   The room, located on the top floor, was great. It was much larger than I expected; very clean and very elegant. We couldn't be happier.   Here's a general pro/con list of our hotel stay:  PROS  *EXCELLENT location. Right next to the Picadilly line which is the only direct Underground line to and from Heathrow airport. Minutes from all the theatres and shopping.  *Great service. Staff was extremely polite and helpful  *Great room. Very comfortable. Hotel is overall very lovely. Not at all a convention type…",Date of stay: April 2005,5.0
2422,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2420-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","awful - bad room, aircon not working and very poor food","We arrived during an unusually hot day and the room we were first shown to was 1. small, 2. no aircon and 3. directly above a very noisy road.  We had investigated the hotel and agreed a room type before we arrived. However, the room we were shown to was not the standard agreed. They did try to change it but could only offer another room with a mal-functiouning and very noisy broken air-con.......  Food was terrible. Afternoon tea was the worst ever in a UK hotel. Breakfast was even worse. We had breakfast in the restaurant which was full of hungry customers walking around the empty buffet trying to find something to eat. They had ""run out"" of most breakfast staples and we could not even order them from the waiter.  Would not stay here again or even eat in passing! ",Date of stay: June 2004,1.0
2423,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2420-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",All they want is your money!,I can't believe how expensive this hotel was.  The services are mediocre at best as are the rooms and I opted for an upgrade to a small suite. No breakfast included and if you wanted just Continental Breakfast that will still set you back more than 30 dollars. Place around the corner called Piggys has great food at very reasonable prices (open only for Breakfast and Lunch). Although the location is terrific I felt like they were just trying to take every single dollar I had with no thought to our needs. Asked about a DVD and was told the concierge would rent me one for 50 pounds - you can buy one for less than that. Probably won't stay there again. Worst of the Le Meridien's I have ever spent any time in. ,Date of stay: April 2005,1.0
2424,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2420-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great stay,"We booked our room through American Express and stayed 7th & 8th April  After reading some recent reviews I felt very dubious about the hotel, but we were highly pleased.  The check-in staff were delightful and we were allocated a lovely refurbished room on a high floor at the front of the hotel.  No complaints whatsoever.  All staff that we dealt with were charming and helpful, the bar on Friday night was quite buzzy and fun.   We look forward to staying there again.  And the the location is terrific. ",Date of stay: April 2005,5.0
2425,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2425-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely location,"We booked a room at the Meridien through Expedia, and got an extremely reasonable rate. When we arrived we were upgraded to a very large suite with two baths in the older part of the hotel (which I find personally more attractive because I like the old-fashioned British style). I think it helped that we spoke French, and the Bell was very nice also in helping us secure this wonderful room (he called the front desk after we found our first room to be very small). Even trying just a few words in French would be a plus when you arrive, I believe.     The location is perfect. We generally prefer smaller, intimate hotels, but everyone was extremely professional. The breakfast was nice, the bar a little depressing. Overall a very positive experience. ",None,4.0
2426,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2425-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Think '3-star' and you'll be happy,"FOR A 5-STAR, this hotel just didn't cut it.  We were here for 4 nights at a great priceline rate and were excited to get such a deal.   When we got there, we were ecstatic about the location (really prime) but sad that we were not so fortunate in our actual hotel.  Exterior under construction, check-in rude and lengthy, room smoky, tasteless decor, walls paper-thin so we could hear the noise from the street (very loud)! If you think '3-star'--a step above Travelodge in the US--you will be happy with this hotel.   (And I have to say I spent one night in October 2004 at the Holiday Inn Ariel Heathrow that is ranked a 3-star hotel, and the quality of the hotel FAR exceeded the Le Meridien Piccadilly.  THAT was a great priceline deal!) ",Date of stay: October 2004,2.0
2427,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2425-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great Location,"After having booked another hotel, I tried priceline (you get a better rate there) and was given the Le Meridian Piccidilly as our hotel. After a horrendous flight (that's another story). We arrived at the hotel, check in was quick, and we were given room 531. However, the A/C in room 531 was malfunctioning (I'm asthmatic - so that's a problem). We called the front desk, and they were plesant, helpful, and switched our room to 644, where we spent the rest of our trip.   644 - is on a smoking floor, but in a wing with 3 other rooms, so I ended up keeping the window open for most of our time there, which wasn't a problem for me (it wasn't as bad as it could of been). Our room was well kept, spacious, and a great place to relax at the end of the day.   The front desk was great;…",Date of stay: February 2005,4.0
2428,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2425-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",An embarassment to the Le Meridien group,"I stayed at this hotel on the last night of a four week holiday during which I had stayed in a range of accommodation from 5 star hotels to £15 hostels. This hotel had the lowest standards I had encountered.  On arrival I was initially put off by the fact that only one lift was working and I had to wait in a rather long, slow moving queue just to get to my floor.   On entering my room I noticed that it smelled awful and the bedspread looked so old and tattered that I was surprised it hadn't disintegrated; but as I was in a hurry to shower and change for a night out, I ignored it. On entering the bathroom I found the bath was dirty - really dirty - clearly someone had tipped into it a bucket of dirty water, maybe after mopping, and allowed it to dry in great grey gritty splodges…",Date of stay: February 2005,1.0
2429,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2425-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Location, location, location","We just returned from a 6 night stay at the Le Meridien Piccadilly and can say we were totally satisfied with the room and location.  We booked the hotel for 200 USD on Priceline. When we arrived we were offered the same upgrade deal as mentioned in other reviews ...we turned it down, but said we were willing to wait for a non smoking, King. Within an hour they had a room for us. At the price we paid, it would be hard to do better!  We had a King Size bed, marble bath, table and chairs, desk, fax machine, internet access and plenty of windows!  Every night, they set out terrycloth robes, slippers and chocolate along with a printed weather forcast for the next day. In the morning, they left the daily newspaper and replenished our tray of Coffee, tea, hot chocolate and shortbread…",Date of stay: February 2005,4.0
2430,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2430-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Bad Start, Excellent Finish","I was hugely disappointed with the hotel at first.  I was given a twin smoking room with the worst decor of any hotel room I had visited in recent memory.  Not only that, the room was Noisy - neighbors, cleaning staff, water pipes, and traffic.  Not pleasant.  I complained to the curt woman who had checked me in at Reception.  Her response was, ""You paid for a standard room.  And that is what you are getting.""  After two sleepless nights, I pleaded with management to be moved.  The manager was kind and understanding, and a True Credit to his hotel; he put my needs first!  Too bad half my stay had already passed but at least something positive was done.",None,4.0
2431,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2430-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Good location, but only OK","Hotel is in a great location, but the hotel is only OK.  Only had a twin room available but offered an upgrade for 55euros more.  We declined as this would  have put the final price at about 300 USD for the off season.  This was a priceline stay so I wasn't expecting much.    But the difference is staggering when we then moved to the Marriott Park Lane.  Then you realise how poor the service/rooms are at the Meridien.  If the Park Lane was a 5 star the Meridien is a 3. ",None,2.0
2432,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2430-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Sacrificing room quality for location,"Feb 05 - stayed at the hotel on business for my husband and leisure for me.  From porter/doorman to check-in everything went smoothly until we got to our room in the ""attic.""  Tiny and dated.  We requested a move and took a slightly larger room with twin beds and a window with obstructed view (might as well have been no window).  They said this was the only other room available, but the hotel did not appear that busy.  The ash trays indicated it was a smoking room, but it did not smell like a smoking room and I am very keen to that.  However, we found out it was in a smoking area, as smoke from other rooms seeped into our room in the morning.  This second room was dated, but acceptable.  Terribly hard to control the temperature in the room.  Other details were lacking. …",None,2.0
2433,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2430-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Best of both worlds?,"Ok, we got the room via priceline for about USD170, fully expecting them to put us in the oldest and smallest room! When we got there after a long flight, I asked them if there were a difference in rooms. The lady at the front desk kindly told me there were Edwardian rooms and there are modern rooms. (Translation: Old tatty rooms and newly renovated rooms). I readily paid the difference of 40 pounds per night for the newer room.           The Result? A well appointed room with a very comfy king bed, good linens. There was even a printer fax machine in the room. The room is sizable by European standard. (I am from Asia and get spoilt by the size and amneties in Asian 5 star Hotels). The bathroom is an odd shape but very acceptable. I haven't seen the older rooms but I can imagine…",None,4.0
2434,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2430-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Perfect Location for a Great Priced Hotel,"PERFECT location! Like many, we booked via Priceline for a 5 star hotel and got the Le Meridien Piccadily. While probably not a 5 star by American standards like the Four Seasons, for European standards, this hotel was wonderful.  We paid only $175 US per night, which is like staying in a 3 star London hotel not on Priceline.  We had a beautiful king sized room with a lovely bath and a great view. The location is perfect for travels all around London.  It is located one block from tube stop, Piccadilly Circus, and you can walk to most shows, Covent Garden Market and to Hyde Park. Also, the lobby is lovely and the staff is helpful.          I ditto the last review about getting to the hotel from Gatwick.  The Gatwick Express train was perfect and inexpensive.          Would…",Date of stay: February 2005,5.0
2435,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2435-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Wonderful London, Wonderful Locale","Great location!  We booked via Priceline for a 5 star hotel and got the Le Meridien.  I have traveled extensively and have stayed at many 5 star hotels and this one is definitely a SOLID 4 star but for the price we paid (we bid $169 + tax USD) who can complain?  We were even upgraded to an ""exclusive room.""    The location was perfect, no lies.  We were within a block from one GREAT tube stop, Piccadilly Circus and we can walk to most shows and to Hyde Park.  Also, the lobby was beautiful and the staff extremely accommodating BUT NO ENGLISH staff, all were from Eastern Europe!  The only let downs are as follows:  the room was not clean when we arrived (there was minor bathroom grossness that should not have been there).  For continental breakfast, room service with tip was about…",None,4.0
2436,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2435-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Location, Location, Location","Prior to our trip, we were concerned after reading the conflicting reviews at this website.  Having booked our trip through Priceline Vacation Packages and the extremely low price made us especially warry of our accomodations for six nights in London.  We were pleasently surprised.  Upon our arrival at the hotel at 10:30am the reception desk searched for a non-smoking room with two beds.  Not only were we able to get to our room before normal check-in, but the room was very clean and tidy and acceptable size.   Further,  it did not face the street and thus avoided the noise.  We found the staff at the reception desk, the doorman and the cleaning staff very professional and courteous.   We stayed from 12/15 to 12/21.  Finally, the location cannot be beat by any other hotel in…",None,4.0
2437,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2435-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great Location,"Stayed at the Le Meridien on Saturday Got a great deal on the internet £152 incl breakfast.  We arrived at 15.00 but the room was not ready yet, so we left our bags and went shopping. Great location just a quick walk from the tube. Got back at 17.00 and the room was ready. It was a new style room and the bed was really soft, massive telly and very strange bathroom. I think people have mentioned it was open plan, but still I found it very strange. Really quiet though, I think the hotel must have full but once you closed your door you did not hear anything. The bar prices are out of this world, 2 wines and a G & T £20!!!!!!!!!! The breakfast was great, but I must admit I would not pay £22.50 for it.  It is a really nice hotel but I have marked it average due to the silly prices…",None,3.0
2438,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2435-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","5 * Location, 3 * Room","I can't say enough good things about the location of this hotel.  It is less than a block off of Piccadilly Circus.  Great for sightseeing and shopping in the surrounding areas.  The lobby and staff are definitely what I would expect from a Le Meridien, but the room was dated and in need of a refresh.  I did book via Priceline, so I was not surprised by the room.  It was perfectly adequate in size, amenities and cleanliness.  It just wasn't a 5 * room. ",None,3.0
2439,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2435-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Right at the centre of London,"We booked here for 3 nights via Priceline website and having some previous reviews on the place were slightly apprehensive regarding the quality of it. We need not have worried as we found the hotel and the staff excellent. Our room was large, clean and quiet with a kingsize bed. We got an early check in after a long flight from abroad and found the bed really comfortable. We have stayed in quite a few hotels in London and this was up there with the best of them. The location of this is absolutely superb also and makes all the theatres walkable aswell as many pubs, clubs and restaraunts. On returning home we were charged for items from the mini bar we had not used but on querying this the amount was removed again without question. More good service. I would add that the bar in…",None,5.0
2440,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2440-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Great hotel, but Priceline customers Beware!","While the Piccadilly Meridien is a very nice hotel, with a fabulous central London location, room availability to Priceline customers is suspect.  Upon check-in, we asked for a room with twin beds, and were told only a single King (smoking) was available.  Later in the week (after my wife arrived under her own priceline reservation), we requested a single King, and were told only twin beds were available.  In each instance, we we offered an  'upgrade' to get the room configuration we desired for 30 plus pounds a night.  We were also told on several occasions that since we were ""priceline"" customers, we did not have any options (NOTE: priceline bookings do not offer room preferences - single/double, smoking, non-smoking , etc).  The Meridien is also in the process of updating…",None,4.0
2441,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2440-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Good deal at Le Meridien Piccadily,"We booked this hotel on priceline and loved it.  The location is great for tourists, especially if you are comfortable taking the super convenient London tube.  The beds were deliscious and we slept great.  The staff were super nice and we even ran into Cheri Blair in the lobby!  I would have been less happy if I paid more for the hotel but for $150 on priceline it was a fabulous deal. ",Date of stay: January 2005,5.0
2442,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2440-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",great location - worth the priceline price,"ok, I've read the other reviews and I went to the Piccadilly with an open mind. This was perhaps my 12th time in London, and my best friend loves the city and took us on a four day theater trip. What a great location for theater! The underground takes you right from Heathrow airport to Piccadilly Circus, and a one minute walk takes you to the hotel. Leicster square is a 3 minute walk and the entire west end is within walking distance. The hotel is listed as a 5 star hotel, but for certain reasons it truly is not. The lobby was smallish but attractive, and the staff were very friendly and helpful if you needed them to be. There was always someone there to open the doors for us. The problem was the room itself. We had quite  a spacious room with a comfortable king size bed and…",Date of stay: November 2004,4.0
2443,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2440-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Good experience and location,"The hotel is nice and was perfect for our 3-night stay in Oct 04. We got a great deal on priceline so I was very happy with what we got for the price. I would have been disappointed if we had paid full price. Although a little small, the room was clean, and the staff helpful and courteous. The location on the Picadilly line was perfect. Close to the Picadilly station making getting around the city quick and easy!  The only downside is that we had a hard time finding a place close by for our meals. ",None,4.0
2444,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2440-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Definitely 5*,"We went to Le Meridien Piccaddilly for one night.  We were more than impressed by the whole experience.  The 'room' was more of a mini-suite, beautifully furnished and tastefully decorated.  We were on the 7th floor so had a great view over the city.  After going out in the evening and returning to our 'suite' we found a bottle of champagne waiting for us, our bed turned down and chocolates on the pillowcases.  A card giving details of the following days weather was also placed on the turned down bed.  All towels had been renewed while we were out, having only been used the once before we went out.  All of these things make it special.  We had a very, very good weekend and would not hesitate to go again. ",None,5.0
2445,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2445-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Not a good experience.,"Great location.  Staff is very unfriendly, actually rude.  I've been there twice on business and have not found much to like about the service.  Wrong food orders delivered for room service a few times in the week.  Letting them know of the problem, the offered to take the food I never received off my bill!  And, didn't.  The rooms were very nice.  The health club excellent.  The bar is smoky, but comfortable. ",None,2.0
2446,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2445-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Wonderful stay at Le Meridien Piccadilly - Oct.18-25,2004","We enjoyed our experience at the Le Meridien Piccadilly and will stay there again when we return to London.  We had written ahead of time to tell management we were celebrating our 25th Anniversary and had selected their hotel during our stay in London.  When we checked in, they upgraded us to a beautiful suite with a large bath on the 9th floor. We had champagne, a fruit bowl, and bottled water with a very nice note from the manager upon our arrival.  Our suite had a king size bed, 2 TV sets, and it was very quiet (no street noise at all).The hotel personnel were very pleasant and nice.  The hotel is so convenient to the theatres and the Underground Tube. ",Date of stay: October 2004,5.0
2447,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2445-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",A Horrible Experience,"What a dirty hotel with absolutely the most unprofessional staff I have ever encountered.  The carpet had tears, bedspread stains, broken glass in the bathroom, broken light in the bathroom, broken toilet and I (disappointingly could go on). ",Date of stay: September 2004,1.0
2448,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2445-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Best hotel in London - for the price!,"When we started planning our trip to Europe, I was appalled at the prices of hotels in London.  A friend suggested that I try Priceline.  It was my first experience doing this, but I was successful in getting a room at Le Meridien Piccadilly for 7 nights at $140 per night.  I faxed them a request for a king bed rather than two twins, non-smoking room. We arrived after spending a couple of weeks in France, and was greeted by the nicest gal at the reception desk.  She asked for my voucher from Priceline, informed us that we had been upgraded to a luxury room on the non-smoking floor (4th), and that they would comp us breakfast each morning.  I was floored!  I had mentioned in my fax that we were celebrating our 10th anniversary, but never dreamed that we'd be treated so royally.…",None,5.0
2449,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2445-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",We liked it!,"After reading reviews on this website, we were a little concerned about staying here.  As recemmended, we reserved a room away from the street.  Room #445 was excellent.  It was comfortable, cozy, and very quiet!  You really can't beat the location with its proximity to the tube, restaurants, nightlife, etc.  We had no complaints. ",Date of stay: January 2005,4.0
2450,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2450-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Better than expected,"Just spend 4 nights at the Le Meridian Piccadilly booked through Priceline - was apprehensive having read the previous reviews, but was very pleasantly surprised. Check in was swift, and luggage was quickly delivered to our nicely furnished and very clean room which had all the facilities you'd want. Bathroom was small, but what can you expect in central London. Tea Coffee on hand, fax machine in room, morning paper, chocolates on turndown etc.  Had a couple of drinks in the Terrace. Would recommend it over the bar, as it's so unusual to be able to sit overlooking Piccadilly.   Only complaints: Housekeeping a little  inconsistent with towel replacement, language skills of serving staff, incorrect charge to minibar, but otherwise great. Recommended. ",None,4.0
2451,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2450-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",I disagree entirely with the bad reviews of this property,"We had a fabulous stay here on September 10, 11 and 12, 2004.  Two rooms on the seventh floor.  The first was traditional in decor, large, and exceptionally clean and well organized with a king-sized bed.  The second room was slightly smaller and very modern in design, with at least a 36"" (and possibly larger) flat-screen television against one wall and, again, a king-sized bed.  The bathroom facilities in the more modern room were slightly odd in that they were open (with the exception of the toilet) to the rest of the room.  Staff was consistently polite and helpful.  The Terrace restaurant on the second floor, where we only had breakfast, was bright and lovely with its skylights.  My only complaint with the Terrace restaurant was with some of the waitstaff who, although they…",None,4.0
2452,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2450-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",It's a 2/3 star in a 5 star location,"The location of this hotel is excellent for day and evening activities alike.  It's within walking distance to Buckingham Palace, the British Museum, and the West End theaters.  So, what's wrong with it?  It is presently undergoing a remodel and most of the rooms (99%) remain exceptionally worn while bordering on poor condition.  We had a corner suite that was larger than most rooms, but the carpet was horribly stained, the shelves were literally coming off the bathroom wall, the room fax/copier didn't work, and the pillows spewed feathers from their worn seams.   While I can understand the hotel undergoing a renovation because it desperately needs it, the hotel's level of disrepair and uncleanliness is simply inexcusable for a ""5 star"" establishment.  Finally, the concierge was…",Date of stay: September 2004,2.0
2453,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2450-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Wonderful location, superb refurbished room","The location is simply perfect for tourism, a stone's throw from Piccadilly Circus. We had two rooms – one was a superior room, traditionally decorated, large with an entrance hall and seating area; very comfortable despite the furniture being a little dated.   The other room was an upgraded refurbished room – again, very large and extremely comfortable and very nicely decorated.   Downside: shamefully high bar prices, and they charged us for a minibar drink we hadn't had. ",None,4.0
2454,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2450-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Awful,Our room at the Le Meridien Piccadilly was cramped and dirty. The bedspreads were stained and there was long black hair all over the bathroom wall. It was quite an unpleasant experience. I recommend avoiding this hotel. ,None,1.0
2455,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2455-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","It is not the greatest, but I liked it","Essentially I agree with the 06/20/04 review. It was good, but not great. I paid $ 199 per night on Priceline in high season. I felt that I got a good deal and would stay there again for the same money. In light of the fact that everything in London is EXTREMELY expensive, I recommend the hotel. ",None,4.0
2456,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2455-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",A Little Worn,"Not a 5 star hotel (not my room anyway).  Room was small and a little worn.  Housekeeping did a good job of cleaning, and the reception desk were very helpful and nice.  There were three of us in family and from Priceline we got room with 2 twin beds.  Upon check-in I requested a roll-away and was told it would be an additional 60pds.  No thank you.  She then told me I could just call housekeeping which I did and had a roll away all week (complimentary).  Wonderful location, close to everything.  Everything is expensive in London.... ",None,3.0
2457,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2455-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Avoid,"Having loved the Meridien Hotels I had previously stayed at I was looking forward to the Piccadilly, unfortunately it was a total let down, it was like a bad 4 star hotel rather than the 5 star that it is supposed to be.  Housekeeping failed to clean the rooms two days running despite us having vacated the rooms between 08.00 and 17.00 hours and had to be chased up. The toilet would not flush which led to three attempts by maintenance to repair the fault, which they failed to do and the noise from the Cheers bar across the street till 3am does not make for a good nights sleep. In addition our mini bar was stocked with half drunk drinks and half eaten food, from previous guests which failed to be cleaned out even after requests.  The good points - the location is superb, the food…",Date of stay: July 2004,2.0
2458,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2455-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London","Good, Not Great.","This hotel has a good location, close to the underground, shops, plenty of restaurants.  It is a tad shop-worn (but welcome to Europe!)  Wait until the GYM and spa is complete, otherwise you walk 3 blocks to a TINY La Fitness (that smells like a dirty sock).    Hotel is about 4-star by USA standards, requested and received upgraded room.  Staff was nice.  Rooms were attractive. Booked room on priceline for $225 per night.  Starbucks next door makes for a good breakfast choice, as the hotel's offering are a RIP off....$35 for a continental breakfast.  No thanks! ",None,3.0
2459,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2455-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Good Location,"The reviews written for this hotel is rather mixed but I guess it all depend on your personal experience.  Stayed in this hotel for 6 nights in April 2004.  The room that I got was rather big, confortable and clean.  Luckily it did not face the Piccadilly road thus it was less noisy but there was no view from the window coz it was facing inwards opposite another building.  The food in the hotel was fine but it got bored after the 3rd day of breakfast with the same menu.  The location is superb for theatre, shopping and even the park.  Took the bus a lot, bought my self the daily pass and lots of buses pass by to all major attractions.  The tube was too crowded so prefer the bus.  Hope to go there again soon.    ",Date of stay: April 2004,4.0
2460,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2460-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Lousy Housekeeping Staff,"When we arrived, nobody helped us with our bags.  We were directed to a room, which had not been cleaned by housekeeping.  The toilet had not even been flushed, and there was dirty toilet paper in there.  We notified the receptionist.  We were directed to another room.  It was extremely small.  Even though the room had been ""cleaned"" by housekeeping, the papers on which the glasses in the bathroom sat had not even been replaced.  The bedspread looked old and dirty.  The room was generally dingy.   Our keycards also did not work.  Everytime we went to our room, we had to go downstairs and ask them to rekey our cards.  At 10:00 pm that night, the phone started beeping nonstop, like it was off the hook.  We called engineering.  We had to unplug the phone to make it stop.  Good…",None,2.0
2461,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2460-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Loved the Location and Hotel,"My husband and I just returned from London.  We stayed at Le Meridian Piccadilly because of bidding on hotwire.com.  I was worried after reading some bad reviews here, so my husband emailed the hotel and asked for a larger room.   Wow...we got a SUITE!  It was a two room suite with a foyer.  The manager also sent us a complimentary fruit tray.  The street noise was a little loud as its a busy street out front.  I used ear plugs and slept fine.  The location is perfect.  We walked everywhere. Its very close to the theater district so walking at night to shows and dinner was fine.  I would recommend this hotel. The staff were all very nice,  breakfast in the restuarant was good, and the door man was pleasant to speak with.   We would go back again in a heart beat.    Cindy",None,4.0
2462,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2460-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Ask for a quiet room,"I've stayed at this hotel twice, and I'd stay there again.  The staff was very accommodating and easy to deal with.  Given that the hotel is in central London, the rooms are adequately sized.  Our room had two twin beds, a well appointed bathroom, and a terrycloth bath robe with a gentile 300 word entreaty (please don't steal our robes.)  We never ate at the hotel (why bother?) but the lounge areas are comfortable, albeit smoky, places to hang out, especially when they're not pre-reserved by convention groups (about half the time).  The close proximity to the tube and the theatre district is a double edged sword.  Piccadilly is a busy street, with 4-5 lanes of traffic.  I found the rooms facing Piccadilly to be pretty noisy.  Given that I had a Priceline reservation, I thought…",None,4.0
2463,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2460-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Wonderful staff at Le Meridien,"We came to the Le Meridien Piccadilly by way of priceline. After reading some of the previous reviews, I was worried I had made a mistake by booking on Priceline.Within hours of arriving at Le Meridien, all my fears were dispelled.We stayed in the hotel in late March, 2004.  The staff was wonderful, and could not have been more attentive to our needs.  We asked for non-smoking rooms--done.  We asked for adjacent rooms--done.  The rooms were always clean and fresh.  The concierge was knowledgeable and helpful.  The front desk was quick and attentive.The rooms were somewhat small and dated, although the furniture was acceptable.  Like many old buildings, the walls are thick and quiet.I wish I could say what the dining is like, but the prices were out of our league.As many others…",Date of stay: March 2004,5.0
2464,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2460-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",A great hotel,"I have stayed in several of the 5 stars hotels in London and never have I received such value for money. We booked the Hotel directly for a weekend away and was shown to a lovely bright room. Every single member of staff I met was smiling and cheerful. We decided to eat in the restaurant on the first night and the food was amazing, the way we were treated, we felt like royalty and breakfast each morning was superb! I wouldn't hesitate to recommend this Hotel, and I plan not to leave it too long before we return.",None,5.0
2465,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2465-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Wonderful Stay and Great Location!,"London was the first leg of my family's European vacation. We checked into the Le Meridien Picadilly after a grueling 9 hour flight from Atlanta where we were surrounded by three different sets of crying babies that tag-teamed their screams for the entire flight. We arrived well before check-in time and were delighted to find that our rooms were ready. The check-in staff were wonderful and seemed eager to help get us settled in. As we were travelling with another family we booked two rooms and were pleased to find two large rooms with two queen sized beds in each room. I had heard horror stories about closet sized rooms in London but our room was quite large, pleasantly furnished and had plenty of room for our family of four. The restaurants at the hotel are quite nice but…",None,4.0
2466,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2465-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Great location - little else to recommend,"It being Amandas birthday, and coincidentally being the end of a very gruelling OfSted Inspection (ie the school inspectors had swooped on her school for a week!), I decided to treat her to a well-deserved weekend away in London. I decided to book via Priceline and selected a five star hotel in Londons fashionable Mayfair. My bid price of Â£80 (plus about Â£18 taxes and charges) was accepted and we were allocated a room at Le Meridien Piccadilly, a property with an official AA five star classification right on Piccadilly Circus. I was delighted. Well, up to a point; that point roughly coinciding with our eventual arrival at the hotel yesterday afternoon.Several days before we were to stay at the hotel, I decided to phone them and check the room type. I was disappointed to learn…",None,2.0
2467,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2465-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Gem of a hotel,"I have just returned from a four night stay and would highly recomend this hotel. We were on a package air/hotel special with American Airlines. I was concerned about our stay due to some of the poor comments. We found the staff to be extremely helpful,the location perfect and the hotel wonderful. We did need to leave a note to the housekeeper regarding some items that needed to be left. Each time it was promplty done. This hotel is a very good value,especially for London. I think the people who complain should consider the top luxury hotels like Browns, Claridges, Savoy...They will also pay three times higher price. It goes to show some people are never happy.",None,5.0
2468,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2465-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",what a rip-off,"We booked this hotel because generally speaking we have been quite pleased with the Le Meridien chain. Off peak rates (in late November) were 300Euros a night. We were shown to a room that resembled a a flop house...no space to turn around, bathroom that was falling apart and stained carpeting. After complaining were ""upgraded"" to a renovated room that was larger and in better condition. The concierge was totally didinterrested in helping us with any information. Most of the time no one was behind the concierge desk. Much of the service was indifferent.  Doormen never once opened the door for us even though they were a presence. The only positive comments I have are the location was good and the fitness center fantastic.",None,1.0
2469,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2465-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Average,"I chose this hotel as a special birthday treat for my partner because it was 5-star and we have stayed at other Le Meridien hotels and were impressed. Sadly this hotel was not up to 5-star standard, I would say more 3/4-star. The hotel staff were pleasant, but the standard of our room was very average - it's decor was quite dated and 'worn'. The bathroom could do with a refurbish and the heating system blew out cold air for ages until it started to warm up! Not what you need in December! Breakfast was very nice, a large choice at the buffet but I would suggest going fairly early because when we were leaving the queue was terrible - not what you expect in a 5-star hotel.",None,3.0
2470,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2470-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",worst housekeeping service ever experienced!,"3 of us stayed at their quadruple room for 9 nights at the rate of 300 pounds per night during october 2003. We all loved the hotel at first bcoz we had a very large room and the hotel's location is excellent for tourists (which is the reason why i'm giving it 2 stars instead of 1). Their housekeepers very soon changed our impressions for the hotel.Out of the 9 nights we stayed there, there were 2 nights which they forgot to clean out the trash cans both in the bathroom and bedroom; 3 nights which they only put in 1-2 set of clean towels (for a quadruple room!); and 2 nights which they did not refill any toilet and tissue paper (and we waited for 45 mins for them to bring up extra supplies).A nice hotel to stay in overall, just remember to bring your own trash can, towels and…",None,2.0
2471,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2470-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Disappointed,"Our whole experience at this hotel was just plan bad. The front desk people were very rude, they lost our reservation and then lost the companies credit card that was paying for the room, we ended up having to pay for the room and being reimbursed after twice being assured that our card would not be charged that they had corrected the payment problem.  Also we were giving a smoking room twice even though we kept asking for non-smoking, this was a real issue with the front desk people, they rudely did not understand WHY we would want anything but smoking!  We initial paid for a king room and got placed in a queen - so small that we had to crawl across the bed to get around the room!  Finally after many headaches we got our King room which was large and nicer then the queen, but…",None,2.0
2472,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2470-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Excellant Hotel,"Stayed there 2 times with our 2 girls aged 12 and 15th, second room was half off through superbeaks. Stay was around 8 days each time. The hotel has one of the best locations, near all the action and plays and is like an oasis coming off Piccadilly Circus in a 5 star setting. The spa and gym are top notch and is accessible from the hotel. The breakfast is great in the atrium with proper English and very fresh seasonal fruits, excellent service. Rooms are well kept with nice linens and upgraded shower supplies. If you want 5 star in downtown London this is a great choice, we stayed at the Hilton Langham up on regent street before but it is a long walk up the hill.",None,5.0
2473,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2470-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",More like a 2 star Hotel!,"This Hotel has amateurs working in the Reception, and the rooms (we had 2 double) were so dirty and rundown that it`s a disgrace. This is after we insisted upon a upgrade and chanche of rooms! The bathrooms were so filthy we could not take a shower. The only good thing about the Hotel was free access to the Healthclub next door, which was great, but then again this is not run by le Meridian.",None,1.0
2474,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193046-Reviews-or2470-The_Dilly-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Dilly Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent everything-we loved it.,"My husband and I stayed at Le Meridian-Piccadilly via vacation package from Priceline( $600.00pp air and 5nights hotel). The hotel was 4 or 5 star. We arrived in London at 930AM. I called the hotel, staff Nikko upgraded our accomodation so we could immediately checkin (our room was not ready.) The room was great; quiet; loved the yellow English decor/bathrobe and slippers staff friendly and helpful. Location excellent- near everything we desired-theaters, Chinatown,main parks/squares and attractions, few yards to the tube. We'll be back.",None,5.0
