,link,hotel_name,review_headline,review,review_date,review_score
0,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or0-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London",Ok,"It’s ok and in a good location and near Earl’s Court station. Rooms small but it was cheap. Shame about the burst pipe and no water on our last day, but these things happen. Staff nice - Overall ok.  They have a microwave, fridge and nice garden.",Date of stay: June 2021,3.0
1,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or0-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London",Weekend ,"The hotel still in a good position not to distant from the metro station. The room is small but good, not cleaned very well. You can take same the or coffe free. The reception was very nice. But the price quality is right. Don't go before at 3 because is close. ",Date of stay: May 2021,3.0
2,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or0-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London",Awful ,I’ve recently had a 4 night stay in what I would say is the worst hotel I’ve ever stayed in and come across.   The room (42) stank of urine! I reported this but was just given a bottle of bleach and air-freshener...to rid the smell.  The fixtures and fittings in the room were exceptionally poor (plug socket hanging off the wall. Damp on the walls. Curtains that weren’t curtains and let light in! Not good when I work nights and need a dark room to sleep in during the day.  There were guests sat in the garden smoking weed!   I could go on.,Date of stay: April 2021,1.0
3,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or0-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London",Awful,"absolutely disgusting dirty hotel. The manager cannot even be bothered to reply to an email. You would think due to covid the cleanliness would be 100%. Dont book here save your hard earned cash.the photos of outside our room, very dirty. Even heard the housekeeper tell someone she will kill them because they spilt curry on the stairs by accident. The so called housekeeper would rather sit on the back garden smoking with a gentleman. No clean bedding. Floor not cleaned and couldnt be bothered to clean down side of bed. Happy covid 19 folks.",Date of stay: August 2020,1.0
4,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or0-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London",Refuse to refund,"I book a room via Booking.com with free cancellation warranty. I cancelled my stay later on 20 Mar. The hotel won‘t transfer my money back and keeps neglecting my messages, even though I tried to contact them about my refund many means like Facebook message and enquiry on its website. Though I had a refundable room and 3 months left to cancel my booking without any extra costs. They promote with a benefit but if you want to use this benefit they dont want to know something about this benefit. I suggest you: Dont book this hotel!",Date of stay: March 2020,1.0
5,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or5-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London","No, No, And No","Rude staff, dirty rooms (Boot marks on the walls. Grit all over the floor. No sheet linen changes in the whole week that I stayed. Toilet not cleaned, just squirted with bowl cleaner and left like that. No hand towels or bath mat). Electric kettle in the room but you have to walk through the hotel to get cups, coffee, etc. No lift for bags and luggage. Absolute joke of a garden (the picture they use is a photo of the garden across the street). Overheated rooms and don't count on getting any sleep due to the constant noise of other guests.  They need to raise their game, especially in times like this. They are not doing their guests a favour by hosting them and an attitude adjustment is sorely necessary.  I wasn't going to leave a review but after staying for two nights elsewhere…",Date of stay: March 2020,2.0
6,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or5-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London",Just about 'okay',"To start at the beginning.  I was under no illusion that this was a budget hotel. I have stayed at many and also know that a better standard can be achieved without breaking the bank.  1) The reception by the staff member was courteous and friendly. Check-in was seamless. We needed to leave our case downstairs - there was no system to identify whose case it was, no secure place to leave it and I had to rely solely on trust that it would be there when we returned for it.   2) No lifts - there was no way we would have been able to carry that case up the two flights of stairs. In any event there was not sufficient room to store a case in the room.   3) The sheets, pillow covers and towels were clean. The room was tired, walls were marked/scuffed with dirt where it looked like…",Date of stay: March 2020,2.0
7,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or5-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London",Get what you pay for,"Myself and my partner stayed for 2 nights. We booked ages ago as it was such a good price, however realised that we needed to change the date. Sent an email asking and they were accommodating changing the dates, although the replies were very blunt “ok changed for you” etc.  In advance I emailed asking what time we could check in and got a reply saying that the cleaners should be done by 1pm so can check in then. Very close to the tube which was fab especially after a long morning traveling. When we arrived though (at 1.30) the man in reception was incredibly rude and seemed more bothered about sorting his phone contract. He got really quite angry at us for expecting to check in earlier, I showed him the email which directed us to arrive at 1 and he made out we were lying and…",Date of stay: February 2020,2.0
8,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or5-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London",Terrible,"Well I’m not one to usually leave reviews, but in this case I want to save anyone else putting themselves through the trauma of staying in what I can only describe as an absolute dump.   Me and my sister came to London to explore, so luckily only went back to the room to sleep. Well I say sleep, the bed was like sleeping on a concrete slab and we only had one pillow each, when asked for an extra one at reception the fella looked at me as if I’d just slapped him in the face and said they didn’t have any. We have left feeling like we’ve been hit by a bus, back and neck are in bits.  Anyway that isn’t even the start. Now I’m all for surprises, but to our horror as we walked into the room (past all the paint flaking off the walls, mould on the ceiling and cracks in the wall) we then…",Date of stay: December 2019,1.0
9,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or5-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London",Please do not waste your money here - no morals,"I had booked a room, off of my own back for a 2 day training session in London. I had been to many of these before with my company and I would usually commute in both days but thought I would treat myself to a bit of a lie in and make my life easier.   Unfortunately for reasons outside of my control I was informed the week prior to my stay that this had in fact been cancelled. As I've said I've been to a number of the years and this had never happened so I would never had thought to purchase a refundable room.   I called up and explained this and spoke with a kind woman who said she will have a look at my confirmation and see what she could do, this gave me hope and the thought I would definitely rebook next time if their customer service is this good!  The email I had back,…",Date of stay: December 2019,1.0
10,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or10-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London",In a great location,"The room in this hotel was super tiny. If you have big bags it can be quite hard to get around the room. However, it was clean and located in a great location near an underground station (Earl's Court). The staff were happy to hold onto our luggage prior to check in (this is not in a locked space but in the main corridor). There were tea and coffee making facilities in the communal area.",Date of stay: November 2019,4.0
11,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or10-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London",Great value,"I just had the one night here but it was exceptional value, cheapest hotel I’ve found in London after 10 years of travelling here. The service was ok, the bed a little firm but the overall offering was absolutely fine and so cheap!",Date of stay: November 2019,4.0
12,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or10-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London",Hostel stay in a posh wrapping,"This is a review for a 1 bedroom flat in Chelsea/Battersea which the hotel owns and manages.  * check in is at 3 pm. I never got to meet the woman who supposedly owned the place, we just were told to go to this run down spider infested hotel by Nevern Square to pick up our keys.  * the front desk lady, “Grace” or whatever her name was, was so rude and flippant to my mother and I. She got irritated when we asked how long it would take to finish the flat as we were exhausted and needed a shower...she kept claiming they were “cleaning it” but after staying there I doubt that was the case.  * it’s kind of rundown for a nice area like Chelsea. When we got to the flat, we open the front door into the entry to see junk mail thrown about on the floor, dust bunnies and mysterious stains…",Date of stay: October 2019,2.0
13,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or10-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London","One night in ""used to be a corridor"" room is enough even though it is clean and reasonably priced","For one night stay I have to say the price for a private room with en suite bathroom in the Greater London is unbeatable. The location is great with no more than 5 minutes walk to Tube and many decent spots along Earls Court Road. The hotel and the room itself was with no doubts clean and as well was the bathroom what, for me, is the most important aspect. But... Even though I booked a single room, since for one night stay I dont mind small room, I did not expect that I would be sleeping in something THAT small what used to be a corridor even with the remains of the stairs still present. But as I said, everything was clean, including the tiny bathroom underneath the stairs and, and the value is good so I have a dilemma how to evaluate this. The fact is that I cannot imagine to…",Date of stay: September 2019,3.0
14,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or10-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London",Never again ,"The hotel is just 10 minutes away from the Earls Court tube. It was cheaper than others in Kensington. But you have to pay elsewhere ... Unfortunately it is very old no and the rooms are tiny. The room had only a small closet, a chair and a tiny bedside table. In a double room you definitely need more counter space. The walls need a new coat of paint and there was a crack in the shower. Also it was not very clean. Our sheets had blood spatter. Disgusting! The mattress was very hard and uncomfortable. And the walls are very very thin. We heard our neighbors snore. And when someone ran down the hall above us we were awake. We would not book again.",Date of stay: October 2019,2.0
15,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or15-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London","Poor hotel, very run down but in a good location.","Hotel very outdated, our room was a double room with the bed up some stairs. The room is very basic, only one towel each without a towel for the floor so the bathroom is always wet. The room was very very hot and we stayed in September so I dread to think how hot it would be in the summer. We only had one pillow each and had to use a coat as a pillow for the first night before getting some more for the second evening.  In short, we are a young couple and don't mind the hotel as it was cheaper. If you are used to a high quality hotel, don't stay here you will be very disappointed.",Date of stay: September 2019,2.0
16,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or15-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London",Decadent hotel ,"The hotel is ruined, pictures on their website doesn’t show the reality of the rooms, which is even more tiny than as usual per London, beds and furniture are not as shown there, actually that was one of the tiniest beds we had when traveling Europe, you can fit only two squeezed people in there, no extra space in bed to move around. Also, don’t expect to receive a good staff treatment. ",Date of stay: September 2019,2.0
17,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or15-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London",It's a dump,These people also run a place called the Amber hotel. Both are turd holes. Falling apart smelly. Manager spoke to his staff like dirt. I was told to go to two locations to get keys. Manager couldn't possibly leave his scruffy desk to talk to me.,Date of stay: August 2019,1.0
18,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or15-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London",Poor budget choice ,The paramount hotel was what I expected for the price on the whole it was clean with pleasant staff  We booked a twin room and were given a very small single room (with a small double bed) this was a major problem for us and made for a very uncomfortable stay.  Staff were very apologetic however they offered us no solution and blamed this on hostel world advertising the room incorrectly  Our room was on the third floor the stairs were very steep and a bit of a challenge ,Date of stay: July 2019,2.0
19,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or15-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London",Not amazing,"Booked this place for an overnight stop to spend a couple of days in the city celebrating my daughters birthday, great price and the room was very clean and recently decorated, however did lack the most basic of things such as a bedside table, lamp and cups, given the price this was OK and it was in a quiet square so I expected a good night's sleep, alas no, to say the whole night was spent listening to what can only be described as someone pouring a bucket of water and ice down onto the bathroom ceiling, good price yes, would I stay again no! Oh and if you are travelling with a child you are now supposed to have ID for them too, a point I did not know until arrival",Date of stay: April 2019,2.0
20,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or20-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London","2* hotel, 2* price, 4* service","When reading the reviews for this hotel I was slightly apprehensive about staying here, however I was pleasantly surprised with my stay! The receptionist was friendly and allowed us to drop our bags off (as check-in isn't until 3pm like many hotels) and she informed us that we can use the nice little garden out the back until 12pm. We stayed in room 15 and the layout differed slightly as there were extra stairs that led up to the bedroom which also had a TV. The room itself was clean and the bathroom looked like it had been newly renovated - it was spacious with a nice large shower and a mirror that ran along the length of the wall. The room also had a small dining table infront of the balcony, a dressing table, chair and a small wardrobe. The only criticisms I do have is whilst…",Date of stay: March 2019,4.0
21,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or20-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London",Better sleep on a motorway ,"Need to score/review this hotel on the base of sleep! Arrived for 2 night this month on business working for myself and spending nearly all my time in the room, please please don’t check into room B4 it’s literally one of the worst rooms for noise I’ve ever stayed in, checked in with with a lady who sits it a cupboard (pleasant enough) and was given a basement room which I booked room B4, room itself is fresh and clean and did have a window which I didn’t expect but the first thing I noticed was the noise coming from above the amount of banging was unbearable I went up to reception to see if I could change rooms but unfortunately she said the hotel was full? Even the I was probably one of the first to check in. After about 1 hour I just couldn’t put up with it so went back up to…",Date of stay: January 2019,2.0
22,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or20-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London","Good location, great staff","Located in Kensington, very close to the station.  The hotel has a small back yard, which is convenient for smokers.  The staff are amazing and very helpful. Rooms are small, but this is still a good value for money.",Date of stay: November 2018,5.0
23,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or20-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London",Nice budget hotel for 1 night stay,I was in London 2 days because I had a flight from there to Italy so it was the chance for me to had a quick visit to the city. The hotel isn't a fancy one for sure but it's ok for someone who has a quick visit in London or has a flight from London and doesn't want to spend a lot of money on accomodation(perfect for young people). Location is quite far away from the main atractions but it's a metro station just down the street. The rooms are really small but clean and cozy and I had also a nice garden view. The receptionist was really nice and helpful and helped me organise my trip. For what I needed at that moment it was perfect.,Date of stay: June 2018,3.0
24,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or20-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London","Nice price, but has some real issues","I just returned from a week-long trip to London with my dad and nephew. They stayed at another hotel nearby, but I booked the Paramount so I could have my own room.   As other reviewers have mentioned, check-in is at 3pm, so if you arrive beforehand, you'll need to leave your bags at the hotel and come back later to check in. The luggage drop is not in any way secured, so leave your bags here at your own risk. I didn't have any issues with my luggage being left here for several issues, however.   I was in one of the basement rooms, and my first impression of the room was that it is very cramped. There just isn't room to move around, and I imagine sharing a room with another person would be pretty irritating. There was only one tiny nightstand in the room, so my luggage went on…",Date of stay: November 2018,3.0
25,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or25-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London",An independent hotel - not the ritz but clean,"Firstly, it was cheap! Just over £100 for two nights on August Bank Holiday!   We arrived early, and left our luggage with a friendly man at the reception, We returned later on and checked in, a very informal affair, but it works.  The hotel is in a victorian building, and could do with some renovating inside, However this is all decorative. I own a victorian house so I know how much of a continual nightmare it can be keeping a building of that age 100%.  The room was small, and plain, but it was very clean. (To be expected, its london!)The bathroom was modern and very clean indeed. My only gripe is the door catch doesn't actually work... (room 25) The bed was OK, A reasonably cheap mattress but it was more comfortable than it looked.  The WIFI is pretty hopeless, but alasyou…",Date of stay: August 2018,4.0
26,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or25-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London",More a hostel than a hotel,"I must admit, my impressions were mixed when I arrived at the hotel, given the shabbiness of the entrance and reception.  It was close to 3pm and I had a cup of tea in the waiting area.  Promptly at 3pm, a friendly member of staff greeted us and gave us our keys, and some information. I have, in retrospect, read many of the reviews of this hotel, and I am sure that they are justified even though I cannot say it was my experience. However, I booked for one night, and must say that, for the price I paid, I am satisfied.  Yes, the hotel is a house chopped up into shoeboxes to fit in as many guests as possible; yes it's old and I imagine in a state of great disrepair in many places; yes the owners should make sure that guests have a good impression and want to return, but this hotel…",Date of stay: August 2018,3.0
27,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or25-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London",Very decent hotel for the price,"I had single room (No 36) for two nights in the Paramount a few days ago.  As the reviews on TripAdvisor aren't good I was expecting the worst.   However on arrival the woman who gave us our keys was pleasant and told us where to find the (free) tea, coffee and biscuits, and pointed out the garden which is absolutely safe for a child to play in.  When I was shown into the room I was taken aback at how light and bright it is.  There's a big tall window overlooking the garden and instead of a single bed it's actually a three quarter one so not much smaller than a double - certainly big enough for one person.  The bed linen is white and was clean, as was the floor.   The bathroom isn't very big but you expect that in a townhouse.  The shower is really very very tiny with the shower…",Date of stay: August 2018,3.0
28,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or25-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London",Dangerous!,"I wasn’t expecting 4 star just a cheap hotel for a two night stay. I lasted one night and left!  Firstly turned up at 3pm the soonest I could check in. Waited whilst the receptionist spoke I think to three members of her staff for what seemed ages.   No acknowledgement, no welcome, no smile. Just a look of misery. Given my receipt and key to room with little explanation and sent on my way. Unfortunately I had a large suitcase as I was returning from a holiday abroad. I was given a single room on the third floor (75steps) although I appreciate that was not their problem maybe a offer of assistance may have been welcome.  After lumbering the suitcase past very dirty, holed walls and chipped paintwork I let myself into my very small room. One 3/4 sized bed and case stand. Overall…",Date of stay: August 2018,1.0
29,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or25-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London",We will be back!,"The Paramount is in a great location, just a few minutes away from Earls Court station. It has a lovely little garden at the back and a place where you can help yourself to teas and coffee any time of the day. The staff are lovely and the place is exceptionally clean. Our room was spotless and comfortable. The ensuite was spacious, clean and the shower was wonderful. We will definitely come back to The Paramount.",Date of stay: July 2018,5.0
30,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or30-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London",WORST HOTEL EVER!!!!!,"Dirty, leaks in ceiling, terrible service, outdated and stains everywhere (walls, furniture, carpet, ceiling, etc.)  Attempted to stay but so bad left after a few minutes. Was told by staff to “see the manager in the morning but the owner is cheap and would most likely not refund me.” I would rather pay to NOT stay there than to stay so I left and went to the hotel a few blocks away (GREAT hotel k+k). Wow the staff was right! The hotel management tried everything in their power to not refund a dime; even after telling me I would be refunded for one out of three nights. Then I attempted to contact booking.com who had great service and eventually refunded majority of the money. All I wanted was a small clean room to lay my head down at night after touring around all day. This…",Date of stay: May 2018,1.0
31,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or30-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London",The WORST hotel I ever have been!!!!,"BEWARE! DO NOT STAY HERE!!!!  The Paramount Hotel is dirty, the staff is not helpful and lack management. We book this hotel based on the pictures that they had online and trust me it was a mistake. We spent 10 minutes in there and left. The room had mold stains all over. It looked like had not being cleaned in years. The only thing that was clean was the sheets in the bed. The hotel lobby is a mess. It had plastic covering the old duty carpet. I did not feel safe at all in there. We left and tried many times speak with the manager about the issues and tried to work in a way to receive our money back but the manager was never there. Luckily booking.com took care of getting out money back and helped cancel the reservation. I would never recommend this hotel. Two blocks away there…",Date of stay: May 2018,1.0
32,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or30-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London","Cheap and basic, does the job","A decent cheap hotel in a nice area of London handy for Earls Court, Olympia and Chelsea. It is basic, with no breakfast or room service. The en-suite bathroom had a leaky shower head and no extractor fan. There’s tea, coffee and milk with a kettle in the room. If a cheap price with no-frills is important in this part of London then it does the job well.",Date of stay: May 2018,3.0
33,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or30-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London",Shocking,"This place needs a serious make-over. Outdated, tired and dirty looking. Not worth the money.   The receptionist wasn't very friendly, came in for her shift and thought she'd have a nice chit chat with other staff instead of taking care of guests waiting to check-in (FIY check-in time is 3pm which is ridiculous)   Our room was an odd shape and very small, the walls were marked and dirty. The pillows were almost non-existent - very flat. And they haven't even bothered to change one of the light bulbs that was out, very dusty also.   The bathroom however was very nice and modern, although the fan does not work.   In conclusion, I would NOT visit The Paramount again.",Date of stay: May 2018,1.0
34,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or30-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London","Dirty, uncomfortable, unfriendly staff but good location","The room was dirty, including the bed sheets. There were hair everywhere (not our hair, as we have blond hair and the ones on the sheets were black). The room is tiny and not much space to put your luggage or clothes. The heating was too much, we had to open the window to manage to sleep, and it was late April! The staff was unfriendly and unwilling to help. Despite all these facts, the hotel was close to nice restaurants and underground. If you can endure unfriendliness and dirtiness, it has a good price.",Date of stay: April 2018,3.0
35,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or35-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London",A typical London hotel,"When visiting London, unless one has the bank balance of Bill Gates, one usually needs to shop around to find something in the sub £100 bracket.  Unfortunately that means you have to take the rough with the smooth.  And, despite its attempts at refurbishment, this hotel is definitely rough...a fact made worse by the staff who do not seem to realise that, if they contract the muscles of their mouths in a certain fashion, they can in fact actually smile.    Smiles are welcoming, being barked at on arrival...not so much so.  I was perhaps fortunate that this was not the Hotel California",Date of stay: April 2018,2.0
36,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or35-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London",Comfortable hotel,"I stayed two nights in a single room in the basement. Check-in was quick and the friendly Receptionist took me down to the room herself. The room was spotless as was the en suite. When I entered the room it was a bit too warm for me but the radiator was easy to adjust to a comfortable temperature. The room had no wardrobe but there were hooks on the wall and a cabinet with drawers that had enough room to hold clothes and my bag. In one of the drawers was a hair drier and iron, and an ironing board was hung on the wall. There was also a kettle in the room. The bed was very comfortable and I slept well. This hotel does not offer breakfast but supplies tea and coffee. Having a kettle in the room meant it was possible to have a pot of porridge, and guests could use the fridge in…",Date of stay: March 2018,4.0
37,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or35-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London",Aggressive & rude staff demanding extra money on arrival at this dirt cheap hotel,"Being told that check-in ended 20 minutes earlier and that I needed to pay and additional £20 would have been annoying, but not the end of the world. This is a dirt cheap hotel - you don't expect much when booking there.  However, rather than a calm explanation or discussion of the additional fee, the receptionist was aggressive and rude towards me and my partner. He made no attempt to discuss the matter, raised his voice, came physically very close to me and stubbornly refused to give me the key to my room and allow me to discuss the matter with the manager in the morning.   Instead, I had to walk out in the middle of the night to go and find another hotel nearby. Absolutely horrendous customer service. Do not stay at this hotel - there are other cheap alternatives, even a…",Date of stay: March 2018,1.0
38,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or35-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London",Great Hotel,"Lovely hotel........ fantastic position in Earls Court....within walking distance of Stamford Bridge where my team, Chelsea play. Lots of good pubs and restaurants nearby as is tube. Easy access to West End. Owner really lovely. Free tea and coffee.",Date of stay: February 2018,5.0
39,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or35-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London",Comfortable and well equipped,"If you are just willing to spend the night in a comfortable place, this is your spot. 5-10 minutes walk from the tube station, this hotel gave us a double room with a tiny WC inside (the only bad point within it), free coffee and tea available for consumption and the kettle inside the room as well. Everything was perfectly clean and when we arrived the handyman was replacing the air dryer as it seemed to be broken, however there was another one available in the closet (as well as a complete ironing set).",Date of stay: January 2018,4.0
40,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or40-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London",Comfortable stay,"Stayed a couple of nights whilst visiting family in the city. Ideal location for my needs and transportation to other areas. A pleasant, quiet location. Small room, but as a solo traveller it was adequate with a great en suite. Very comfortable nights sleep, very clean , generous supply of tea, coffee, milk. Great value for the money I paid and would definitely use again. Thank you",Date of stay: January 2018,4.0
41,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or40-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London",Good value for money,"Booked this hotel for €60 per night, a very good price for London standards. The hotel is perfect if you just need a place to sleep. It was a bit old but very clean. The location is absolutely perfect, lots of shops and restaurants around the corner and great subway connections.",Date of stay: October 2017,4.0
42,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or40-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London","""Read the Policy""...!!! but, please do not go..!!","Please, take your time to read the e-mail sent to Booking.com, regarding my reservation for 15th of July, as a gift to my niece. I have booked this hotel using my credit card but at the moment of her check-in I was not there.., so the hotel charged my niece for the total amount again plus penalty of £20..  ""This is Jorge F, credit card holder ...xxxx used for the reservation and N... uncle.  Apologies, I am just back from a short holiday therefore I couldn't reply beforehand.  I appreciate very much your email and I am happy to receive my money back, but this is the beginning for me to initiate a formal complaint.  1) I never did refuse the original payment, which was taken by the hotel on 27/6. 2) I did call the hotel on the 16/7 eve to confirm the reservation, which was in a…",Date of stay: July 2017,1.0
43,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or40-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London",AVOID AT ALL COSTS!!,This hotel is haunted!! I was meant to be staying at this hotel for 5 nights but had to check out after the first night as i felt so uneasy here! I was in a double room on the second floor and all night could feel a presence standing over me in my bed and could hear footsteps walking around the floor near me. The room was freezing even though the heating was on all night and the lights kept flickering on and off throughout the night.   Didn't sleep a wink. But i must also mention that the hotel in general is filthy and the male staff member with the beard and glasses who checked me stank of alcohol and i also noticed several beer cans behind the desk. But in the scheme of things hes the last of this places problems.,Date of stay: November 2017,1.0
44,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or40-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London",Not my type of hotel,"I know that we didn't paid a lot for the hotel but it looked more like a hostel than like a hotel. The room is small, we know that and it didn't bother us but it was really dirty. When we arrived the window was opened and that's why we realised how dirty the window is, I think no one clean it for months. On the walls were a lot of stains and also on the sheets on the bed. The only clean area was the bathroom, was really happy about it till I was taking a shower and I have took a look up and I saw a huge hole. The staff it is really friendly and helpful.The neighbourhood it is also nice, a tube station is nearby and also a lot of places to eat, even 2 supermarkets are there. You have to be careful with the reservation. I have received as a gift for my birthday to whole stay in…",Date of stay: October 2017,2.0
45,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or45-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London",Do NOT go to this hotel ,"We booked this hotel for 2 nights for two person. At first when I came to the hotel, no one was there and there we’re no one to tell us when the staff is coming or what we have to do. Then when the lady came to the reception, she was late and our check in should have been already.  Staff was very rude and unpolite. We only got one key even when we asked for two, so we had to stay together all the time to get in the room. There was also only one blanket, which was weird but ok this time because the room was so hot I was sweating all night.   BUT THE WORST THING: the room we got was on the first floor right next to the reception and it was so loud and noisy I didn’t get any sleep there even thought I had my earplugs on! I woke up everytime when someone came in or went out of the…",Date of stay: November 2017,1.0
46,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or45-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London",Small but good value,The room was small but fine for one person. Really good value for an ensuite room in such a convenient location. Close enough to the tube and Earls Court Road but far enough away not to be noisy.  Room was clean and facilities were good. They do insist on seeing the card you booked with so make sure you bring it with you.,Date of stay: November 2017,4.0
47,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or45-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London",This is one of those hotels that should be closed down,"I unfortunately thought I'd go cheap and cheerful with this booking, but it was a huge mistake. If you're looking for a place to get some rest, a hostel is cheaper and more comfortable, if you want a hotel, spending even an extra tenner somewhere else is worth it.   Where to start...the walls were all cracked and stained, the bed was mouldy, the bathroom looked modern, until you realised all the tiles were loose and cracked. You could hear everything from the next door because in some areas, the separating wall was a sheet of wood. The cherry on the cake was the housekeeper barging in without knocking the next morning despite a do not disturb sign.  Honestly, it isn't worth the hassle with this place and I'm pretty sure it needs to be inspected by the authorities. Spend your…",Date of stay: September 2017,1.0
48,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or45-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London",Not recommended (at all): lack of comfort.,"It happened that we spent tow nights there, each one in a different room.  The first night was in a first floor room, on the park. The window did not close, there was no proper curtain. Very baxsic and noisy. Second night: fourth floor, wet room. During the night the rain penentrated through the wall and one side of the bed became very wet. We now understand why the matress was protected by a noisy plastic sheet.   There is no elevator: at the fourth floor, well, not that easy in this more and more steep staircase. No kitchen, no breakfast.  Wifi in the room was not free. Only in the ground floor People are ok, but the person in charge is a small box. Not easy to speak with.  Frankly, there are much better places in LOndon in the same price range. The location is interesting,…",Date of stay: July 2017,2.0
49,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or45-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London",Our weekend was let down by this hotel,What a shame....... we booked this hotel as it was close to the venue of Julys LONDON FILM AND COMIC CON. I'm not sure where the light in this revue will come to be honest..... the steps as you enter were cracked and had old gum on each one. Not a good sign. We walked through the cracked hall floor-way and found a strange cupboard reception area that seemed to be in a broom cupboard - very odd. The lady was pleasant - asked us for passports to scan - standard.... was told there's free ice machine and complimentary coffee/tea etc. We went up to the room - it was up x3 flights of stairs. Dusty lampshades with cobwebs (see attached pics) - damaged water marked walls (again see pics). Not a good start. Things went from bad to worse - we plugged our phones in - and an iron. All the…,Date of stay: July 2017,1.0
50,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or50-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London",Not great.,"There were a few problems with this hotel.   While the location was great and it was (kind of) clean, they were greedy and sort of rude at times. I called ahead to ask if I could make a booking with my dad's credit card (I don't have one myself), they said it was okay but made me pay a fee when I got there. It was quite a lot of money as well.   They make you pay to have wifi in your room, while they advertise free wifi in the hotel. We had a room at the top floor and we had to climb what felt like a hundred staircases to get to our room, and there's no elevator. That's fine when you are young but if you aren't really fit I would call ahead to ask for a room on one of the lower floors.   The place was OK, but the people did feel really greedy.",Date of stay: July 2017,2.0
51,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or50-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London",Horrible stay,"My husband and I stayed there for one night and checked out the day after. The room was small, some of the linen not clean and common area very dirty. When the clerk realized that we were checking out she didn't have any ambition to understand why and minimize the damage. (She did all the talking - very rude) As if this wasn't enough - I had made the mistake to order a package on wiggle when I asked for the package they told me that they didn't accept such deliveries and always send them back. Needless to say this package never was returned to Wiggle.  So we ended up by paying for two hotels and two packages. To summarize this - very expensive and bad stay.",Date of stay: July 2017,1.0
52,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or50-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London","Fabulous location, Great stay","I could not say enough good things about our stay here but in three words, location, location, location. Cleanliness is to a very high standard. The room and ensuite was quite small but London was on the door step. Earl's Court tube is just five minutes away, all the sights are so easily reached. Great restaurants closeby, fabulous area. There is no lift, which might put some people off and it is no frills but if you like good value, good service and a really clean hotel, this ticks all the boxes.",Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
53,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or50-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London","A budget, no frills hotel in an excellent location","We stayed at this hotel so that we could go to the Albert Hall. Before we booked we had already checked a number of reviews and we were well aware that this hotel had limitations such as no dining facilities and no lift so we were prepared for anything. The exterior of the building is a little shabby and the reception area needs updating and decorating. We did not have high hopes about the quality of the rooms but when we got to them (they were a little difficult to find as there are a number of corridors to negotiate on the 3rd floor) we were pleasantly surprised, The rooms were clean and the bathrooms were very good. The beds were clean and comfortable and overall the hotel is extremely good value for the location. The absence of a dining room is not an issue as it is located…",Date of stay: May 2017,4.0
54,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or50-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London",Fiftieth Birthday ,"A nice hotel just around the corner from Earls Court station. Staff were lovely, room was clean and it was good value. Pretty basic, but we all (four of us) had a very pleasant stay. Try and get a lower ground floor room as it leads out to a lovely little patio area. Probably not great for people with disabilities - rooms are on the small side and there's no lift as far as I know. We'd definitely go back next time. ",Date of stay: July 2017,5.0
55,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or55-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London",Well positioned budget hotel for West London area,"The room was basic but quiet,  clean and functional.  Minor faults with a light and sink plug in the bathroom were reported to the manager. The real problem was that I had booked and paid for the stay in advance on my credit card but because of a fault, that card had been replaced with another on the same account.  The hotel demands (and I mean demands) that the credit card actually used for the booking be produced despite the fact that First Direct and all other banks insist that any old card is destroyed when a replacement is issued.  I had other forms of identity including my driving licence but these were insufficient for the hotel.  I offered to let them speak to my bank but that was deemed insecure. The hotel would allow me to cancel the booking and pay again with my new…",Date of stay: June 2017,3.0
56,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or55-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London","Good location, cheap and simple","Not a bad stay, nice and cheap. No special decoration but had everything we needed and a nice little garden out back. Good location for the underground. When we arrived the blind did not work but this was very quickly fixed thanks to the nice staff!",Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
57,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or55-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London",Good hotel,It a good hotel and it's cheap the rooms are very clean and modern however they could use touching up. Staff are lovely and there's good tube routes. There's a few restaurants near by but this hotel isn't a holiday destination it's in london after all and why anyone would go on holiday there I have no idea.,Date of stay: June 2017,4.0
58,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or55-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London","Disgusting, bad service","Very disappointing, the rooms are dirty, no AC, noisy. You can hear everything whats happening in the whole hotel. Such a lame.  Worst in the service, never smiling people, so disrespectful. I hope these people do not represent the british people. It disgusts you to come to London.",Date of stay: June 2017,1.0
59,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or55-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London",Filthy place,"This is an awful place. Is dirty, the walls have cracks and we had to climb 4 flours with heavy bags. The attendant is not professional. I had to change the credit card and they charged me an extra 100 pounds. I never saw a thing like that before. I changed the card in other hotels without problems. I strongly do not recommend.",Date of stay: May 2017,1.0
60,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or60-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London",Great Value and Location ,"Located about five minutes walk in a quiet street this is probably one of the best budget options you can go for. As the other reviewers have stated the rooms are small and the walls thin but it's somewhere to lay your head which is all you really need. A few marks on the walls and cracks on the ceiling but that's just wear and tear rather than neglect. The room was spotlessly clean as was the en suite. Try get an en suite in this area for the same price and you'll soon see what you get. They even provide a tv, iron, ironing board and hairdryer too. Tea and coffee are provided but there are well stocked baskets in the hallways where you can help yourself. There is also a really nice back garden where you can relax and I assume smoke/vape. There are no meal options here but…",Date of stay: April 2017,4.0
61,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or60-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London",Ok place to sleep,"This hotel is decent enough if you're only looking for somewhere to sleep. Not a place if you want to spend more time in the room.   We had a double room and there wasn't much room on the floor for our luggage.  Our room was two floors up and the staircase going up is pretty narrow.   It's a run down place that's been modernized on the surface. The inside of the room was nice enough, but was lacking in cleaning and maintenance. The walls and ceiling were worn and dirty even though it looks pretty new.   Bathroom was pretty good. Shower had ok pressure for being England. Seemed clean.   Service was not great. Checkout is at 11. We requested later checkout and was allowed until 12 for £10. They don't hold your luggage after you checkout. They will let you leave it out in the…",Date of stay: April 2017,3.0
62,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or60-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London",Really small room in good location,"The good things about this hotel are relatively cheap price for this district of London, very good bed. It was also really close to the underground station(Piccadilly and District line) and on walking distance to most of the museums and Hyde Park, which is one of the best park I've seen ever. We also had all facilities that we needed. However, the room was too small. We expected a small room, but not that small. There was no place even for our two medium-sized backpacks. The walls definitely need repainting, too. There was enough space for our items. Also, the wi-fi connection was really poor. Lastly, although the neighbourhood is safe and quiet, it was noisy in the room, because the window could not be fully closed.",Date of stay: March 2017,3.0
63,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or60-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London",Convenient Budget Choice,"A spotlessly clean room in a central location close to the Earl's Court Tube station. Wonderfully quiet for a good night's sleep. Basic but reasonably priced and close to Earl's Court restaurants, pubs and shops. ",Date of stay: March 2017,4.0
64,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or60-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London",A terrible experience,"One of the worst experience ever.  I have paid ONE MONTH in advance through the credit card of my mother (mentioning in the booking that the credit card owner and the host were two different people)  I arrived at the reception and they started complaining about this issue: my mom was on the phone and ready to send all the documents they possibly need, but they did not even want to talk about it. For this reason, they not only let me pay the first night, but they re-sold the room to another person and they retain an additional 20% of the total sum for the ""extraordinary service"". They LET ME OUT all night in London.  What's even worse, the room (from the day after) was terrible as well. The roof of the bed area was no more than 1.60m; you could not even stand.  AWFUL EXPERIENCE.…",Date of stay: February 2017,1.0
65,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or65-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London",You get what you pay for,"As a solo female traveller who usually has to share accommodation or pay a single supplement, this was perfect.  I had my own room (which was small but there is only one of me).  It was basic but that was reflected in the price I paid for that location.  The wifi was a bit sketchy but that doesn't bother me.  The tea/coffee supplies were free for you to take as much as you wanted.  The tube was round the corner, and there was a choice of places to get something to eat.",Date of stay: February 2017,4.0
66,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or65-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London",Much better options at lower cost. ,"Not sure where to start, but here are a few words of our experience.  - paper thin walls is a too nice expression. You can hear everything!   - our bathroom was more like a closet than anything else, the ""door"" was like that of a closet and didn't close tight, which meant any toilet visits were not exactly private.   - several very nasty looking stains on walls and ceiling, the origin of which I dare not speculate.   - very un attentive staff when we arrived. It was 10 minutes past check in time and there were 2 members of staff talking so we lined up with all our luggage expecting at least one of them to show an interest... But no. They kept talking as if we were not there, they didn't even bother to look. Even my rather direct attempt to get attention were brushed aside while…",Date of stay: February 2017,2.0
67,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or65-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London",Average ,"It was a good size room, bright and spacious. The room was clean but the bathroom was quite run down. The shower wasn't very good. The bed was uncomfortable, the base was made of 2 parts which kept sliding apart. Woke up with a sore back every morning.  The 5 flights of stairs were a pain with all of our luggage.  So much the same as the other reviews... you get what you pay for. ",Date of stay: February 2017,3.0
68,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or65-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London",Location only real positive here,The wifi almost never worked in the lobby (definitely never in rooms as was originally advertised when we booked). So if you need access to internet for work or anything do NOT stay here.  The hair dryer works for 10 seconds at a time then you wait 30 seconds for it to turn back on again.   Very small rooms with very thin walls. Heard pretty much everything going on with our neighbours. Despite leaving our window open in February it was also always quite hot. Our sink was inexplicably plugged for two days so had to use shower.  Worst part for us was one particular woman who worked there and was super unpleasant with us/everyone. Prime example of this was when a woman with a language barrier asked for help finding her room and the woman refused to get up and help her find it -…,Date of stay: February 2017,3.0
69,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or65-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London",Great location for tourism ,"Cozy and clean. Delicious bed!!  The view from the window was a bit weird but it wasn't a problem at all. The hotel is located walking able distance from groceries, pubs and specially the subway station. Neighborhood is quiet and secure.  ",Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
70,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or70-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London",Location saves it.,"The room was a good size but could some work, there were patches of flaky paint, the start of cracks on the walls and a patch in the ceiling that looked like it'd had water leak through. It also could've been cleaner. As well as this, the room had thin walls so it was very loud. We could hear next door talking as though they were right outside and because we were right by the stairs, footsteps could be heard more or less all night. We only met one person who worked there but she was very friendly and helpful. The location is great, within walking distance of the natural history Museum, Kensington high street and has plenty of restaurants, shops, etc near by. Considering the location, the price was beyond reasonable.",Date of stay: January 2017,3.0
71,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or70-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London",Nice room and great location,"When we checked in we were really surprised at the size of the room for the price and location, the hotel staff were really helpful and friendly and the room was clean and tidy. It could have done with a bit or work here and there but only really small things.  The hotel is very close to Earl's Court tube station (about a 5 min walk) and there are loads of restaurants and shops nearby as well.  We really enjoyed our stay here and would happily come back, thank you :)",Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
72,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or70-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London",Perfect little room for our short stay,"The room was clean, the bathroom new, the walls cream, bedding white, simple and basic but all newly done so not shabby. The walls were a bit thin so could hear next door shower but other than that it was great. Cute little garden too. Very good for £54 a night in Kensington borough. Close to tube. Free tea and coffee and biscuits. I WOULD STAY AGAIN",Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
73,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or70-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London","Clean, comfortable, no-frills hotel.","After hesitating due to the comparatively low price and checking a lot of prior reviews, I booked a room at the Paramount Hotel for one night at £49 in total. I was not at all disappointed. The staff were friendly, the room and bathroom were perfectly clean and the hotel itself is situated a short walk away from Earls Court tube station - a fifteen to twenty minute ride from the city centre.  Some reviews said the rooms were small. For someone who just needed a place to sleep for the night, I didn't have any problems whatsoever in this regard. I returned at night after seeing a show; the neighbourhood was quiet and, on one of the coldest nights so far this winter, the room was comfortably warm and a pleasure to return to.  The hotel offers wifi, but I couldn't get it to work.…",Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
74,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or70-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London",very clean and comfortable,"I stayed in this hotel twice. comfortable bed, small clean room, toilets seems new, location is great, 5 minutes walk to tube, price is affordable and reasonable in comparison to London hotels, good wifi i would stay there again.",Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
75,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or75-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London",Very good (relative to expectations and requirements),"Couldn't ask for more. £85/2nights fits the low budget some tourists might be on. Building is a bit old, but what matters is that the room is clean and includes all equipment one might need. There is however one main disadvantage, probably the walls are thin so you might hear the people staying in the room next to yours. I wasn't annoyed by that much maybe because the people next door weren't noisy. Location-wise It's alright, the tube is like 5 mins walk from the hotel, and it takes you like 15-20 mins to Westminster (If your reference to center is Big Ben).",Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
76,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or75-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London",Cosy budget hotel in fairly central location,"I’ve based the rating on the very reasonable price I received considering the hotels proximity to central London and a Tube station to get you there. There are loads of restaurants/shops in the area; also plenty of traffic! However, the hotel is about 200 yards from the main road so doesn’t suffer from traffic noise.  My room was clean and comfortable, with an adequate bathroom. Although the room was small, it was fine for one person. I was a bit worried that the hotel would be noisy as I could hear people moving about on the stairs and other rooms but my sleep wasn’t disturbed. My only real gripe would be that there was a light from lamp in the back garden that was on all night and the curtain was too thin to block it out completely. May not be a concern if you don’t like a…",Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
77,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or75-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London","Happy Stay, Happy Days!","Great stay for budget price. Clean and quiet room, and only a short walk to Earl's Court tube station. Wifi is slow and spotty, even in the lobby where it is supposed to work. But overall a pleasant stay. I will be back.",Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
78,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or75-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London",Perfect accomodation ,"We stayed at the Paramount Hotel for 3 nights. The position is perfect for moving trough the 3 main underground lines at any time. The nearest station is Earl's Court. Room was very small, minimal but clean and tidy. Price per night was very competitive considering the district and the position in the city. I would suggest it to people who mainly want to stay out and visit the city. ",Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
79,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or75-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London",Everything you need for a good price,"The hotel is a bit run down but rooms are spotless and I mean REALLY clean  and have everything you need. Beds are good, rooms are quiet, showers hot, lots of towels, really cannot complain except maybe about the receptionist who could work a bit on her people skills. Excellent location too. Would consider going back",Date of stay: October 2016,5.0
80,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or80-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London",Spotless,"This is the cleanest hotel or B&B in Earl's Court, perhaps in London.  The rooms are described as ""compact"", and they are, but well laid out so that you don't feel cramped as in so many in London.  Bathrooom facilities are, again, well laid out so that they do not seem that small.  Coffee and tea are available in the Reception area, which also has a patio for sitting out.  Lowry prints dot the corridors and are also in at least our room.  There are also kettles in each room.  I didn't care for the hard pillows, but a minor cavil.  Staff were friendly and helpful.  We'll stay here again!",Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
81,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or80-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London",Small but all you need,"We only paid 60 quid for a room for a night (which was cheap in comparison to other hotels in london) but we were pleasantly surprised! It was in a great location, close to a tube stop with lots of reaturants and pubs near by and it was clean and perfectly sufficient. Nice shower and small but comfortable bed so we were happy! ",Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
82,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or80-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London",my stay,"mid priced hotel that I stayed in whilst working at Olympia which is only a fifteen minute walk. Reception staff were fine, room at the top of the hotel and seven flights of stairs to contend with so those with a health condition check room and floor availability Room clean but in need of redecoration. Double bed was great and comfortable Bathroom small but did the job with plenty of hot water. Overall not a bad hotel and yes I would stay there again at the price I was charged.",Date of stay: October 2016,3.0
83,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or80-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London",CLaustrophobic Experince,"I returned for another visit to the Paramount Hotel this time it was not a pleasant experience. The rooms on my previous visits have been small double rooms which are fine for one or two nights for one person. This time I was put in room 1, which has put me off returning to this hotel. I think I should describe myself before detailing my experience, I am an average size British male 5""10' and not exactly slim but not obese. Why did I describe myself ? Room 1 is a bedroom built around a stair case, you enter the ""Room"" and what you see is a window in front of you and a stair case going up and around to the left, there is a  door to you left under the stairs which is the compact toilet and shower room. When you venture up the stairs what you see is the double bed BUT the ceiling…",Date of stay: June 2016,2.0
84,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or80-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London",What you pay is what you get,Been in other hotels in London. Often rooms are in worse shape than seen on photos online. Here there is no mistake. I would reccomend this hotel before some 4* hotels because what you pay here is what you actually get. No false advertising.,Date of stay: September 2016,3.0
85,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or85-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London",Good for one night,"This hotel have very good location, very close to Picadelly metro line, but I think it's good only for one night.We have spend 3 nights there, and it wasnt good. The reason was very soft and small bed for two people.It was very difficult to fit to such a tiny bed. Also, no space for bags - could not even fully open then.",Date of stay: September 2016,2.0
86,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or85-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London",Kengsington & Chelsea district of London,V. Good 3 star budget hotel.  Excellent location.  Earls Court - turn left - walk to end of road (7 mins) loads a shops.  Turn left & 1 St left (2mins) - small luxurious room/power shower/soap/towels/kettle/coffee/hairdryer/black out blinds/quiet v v nice area  for £45/night. Will def be back at that price & maybe a wee bit more.  Does what it says on the tin.....,Date of stay: September 2016,3.0
87,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or85-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London",Would stay again,"We stayed for one night in a basement room - the bed was a full sized double, comfortable and with a warm duvet.  The pillows were a bit thin.  The room itself had a small wardrobe, hallway leading to the bathroom and a walk in shower.  The room itself was really warm - a couple of sheets would have been fine rather than the duvet.  But with the price, location, loads of shops/bars/pubs around and helpful staff, we'd definitely stay here again.",Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
88,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or85-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London",Theatre visit.,"Very good location, close to public transport. Hotel very clean. We had a small basement room as we were only staying one night this was fine. Close to Earls Court Road with plenty of places to eat. Would definately stay there again if ever visit London for ovednight stay.",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
89,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or85-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London",Great budget hotel,"Great budget hotel in Earls Court London. Small clean rooms with ensuite , flat screen TV, tea and coffee facility, no wifi in rooms but in reception and garden, small double bed, quite area. 10 minutes walk to Earls Court tube station or 45 minutes walk to Oxford street. I have stayed in a few of this type of hotel there good if your on a budget and not a fussy person this is one of the better ones . If you want everything perfect pay more . ",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
90,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or90-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London",Hidden gem,"My boyfriend and I stayed for one night and were amazed with the quality of the room. To be honest I think we got lucky with the room we were given, which was on the first floor, and included a beautiful mezzanine and balcony, as well as a very modern bathroom.   Everything was spotlessly clean, and the man working on reception was very friendly and helpful - unfortunately I didn't catch his name, but both my boyfriend and I were very impressed with his manner and professionalism.   The hotel itself is set back from a main road so the area is generally very quiet, although I did wake up in the night to some banging noises from above and shouting on the street outside. Saying this, the noise did not last long and it didn't affect my night's sleep too much - my boyfriend slept…",Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
91,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or90-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London",Good solid central London hotel,"Stayed three nights and used it as a base to get around London.  Service and facilities pretty basic but generally competent.  Bathroom on my room (16) was bizarre, couldn't turn shower on until you were actually in there as the tap was located behind the folding shower screen, so you couldn't turn it on from outside.  You got frozen then scalded until you had the chance to get the taps adjusted.  This was annoying.  That aside the room was clean and well looked after and close to services and transport.",Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
92,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or90-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London",Nice place to stay in central London,"I stayed one night in the Paramount and was very positive surprised: - Very nice staff: friendly and welcoming - Very clean room. Not the largest but for the price and being that central in London perfect - Bathroom seemed quite new and was in good state. Room furniture was fine. - Centrally location, close to Earl's Court - Underground only a few minutes away, lots of places to eat, pubs close by - WiFi connection was fine in my room",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
93,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or90-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London",Sleeping place,"Stayed there with a friend and we got a twin bed, we should have looked at the measurements before leaving becuase it came as a little surprise to put two adults in a twin bed. There is no AC so it was a bit hot at night. The wi-fi weren't really working for us at our floor but might have worked better at the ground floor. Nice people, have you extra towels if you asked for it. A great place just to sleep. Close to Earl's Court, even Kensington High Street. There is a Tesco, open 24 hours, pretty much around the corner. Holland park is a bit of a walk but nothing too much. They have a little backyard themselves but we didn't check it out. But it was a pretty ok stay.",Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
94,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or90-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London",Nice hotel,"My room was small just enough room for a double bed  and chair although it was nice and clean the ensuite was nice and modern with corner shower unit my room was spotlessly clean  bed was comfortable. Room had good wifi connection.  There are tea and coffee, biscuits and toiletries available on the corridors and hotel is only a 5 minute walk from tube station and high street.",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
95,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or95-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London",Fantastic stay at a reasonable price.,"Stayed over on Saturday evening at the Paramount and was a thoroughly enjoyable stay. The price for London was extremely good and my room was spotlessly clean with great en suite powerful shower and plenty hot water...Bed was super comfortable, iron and hairdryer in room, TV and good WiFi connection and as much coffee,tea,milk and some toilet supplies available on each floor which I think is a very good idea. Saves having to call room service to replenish. I will definitely be returning when next in London and a special thanks to Lucy who was so welcoming, friendly, helpful and attentive.",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
96,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or95-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London",Good value but in need of some tlc,"Well located hotel, five minutes from Earls Court tube. Room was spotlessly clean but rather small without any drawers or desk. bathroom too was very small  but the shower was good. Check in is late at 3pm and staff seem unwilling to budge on this. There is no lift and four floors so inaccessible to disabled guests. The common areas are in need of redecoration and some tlc and there were one or two patches of peeling paintwork in the room. Coffee and biscuits are available on the landings of each floor and you can help yourself to these. Wifi was reliable. Staff will allow you to leave luggage before check in or after check out but bags are left in the reception area which is at times unsupervised.",Date of stay: June 2016,3.0
97,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or95-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London",Basic but good for money :),Stayed here for one night! Read a lot of poor comments however I had no complaints! I had a room in the basement area..all I was after was a clean room and it's what I expected from a 2 star hotel! Where I was I could hear people at times walking past the window through the day or night..and obviously people coming back into their rooms but this didn't bother me! Soooo If you're looking for something very basic then this would be good for you however if you're looking for something more then it wouldn't be right for you! It's quite close to Euston metro! A few shops and restaurants are mins away too! For the price Id definitely stay again! ,Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
98,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or95-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London",Hotel of no care,"Hotel is OK if you stay there one or two nights, but no longer. The good thing about it is location - very close to main underground station Earl's Court, with direct line to Heathrow airport and close to Kensigton garden. Another good thing - plenty of condiments (coffee, tea bags, small cookies. Bed is quite comfortable. That's about it for the good stuff. There is no lift and stairs are steep, so beware when you carry heavy suitcase. Check-in is NO EARLIER than 3 pm, under any circumstances. You may leave your luggage in the lobby, but at your own risk - it is not locked and unattended. WiFi is only in the lobby. Room and shower-room are very small, and I mean, REALLY SMALL, no place to put your luggage or your toiletry. Room is shabby, with cracks on the wall. They give you…",Date of stay: May 2016,2.0
99,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or95-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London",Reasonable,"Booked at a great price and the hotel is reasonable. I've read nasty comments and I got really nervous about my stay. This is definitely not the best hotel I've stayed in but I find it reasonable.  The location is great. There are supermarkets and restaurants near by and it's in a nice quiet area. It is a very basic hotel which basically offers a room for rest, so if you are looking for something fancy, this might not be your choice.  I was offered a rear facing room on the first floor. Decoration was simple and a bit outdated but it's fine for me. After all it's not that bad. The room is clean, airy and bright. It doesn't have air conditioning but it wasn't too hot during my stay so I just opened a bit of the window and that was totally fine. One thing that I'm not very happy…",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
100,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or100-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London",Good considering other Hotels in the area,"I returned to The Paramount after a two year period and nothing has really changed- Outside is unattractive, general interior is shabby and worn , rooms are generally good when compared to other of hotels of this type  and checkin was  still a struggle this time a request for VAT receipt did not seem straight forward.  But overall this is an OK place for the price of £49.00 for a en-suite double room in Spring time London although no breakfast is not include and Wifi is only really workable on the ground floor.",Date of stay: May 2016,3.0
101,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or100-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London",I have never seen something like this,"I went with my husband to this hotel last week. The check in was at 3 and we got there 10 minutes before. The receptionist told us to come back exactly at 3pm. We waited those ten minutes while she was on the phone speaking and laughing about how fun she had the last weekend ( very unprofessional). I went to speak to her at 3 pm as she said and she was speaking to one member of the staff, so I waited. It was 3:10 and she was still dealing with this person. So I told her, I should be in my room and that she just made me uncomfortable and made me wait. She started getting very irritated and said that the cleaners did not finish their job yet and that I had to wait more. I told her I wanted to make a formal complaint and she told me that she was not going to take any complaint and…",Date of stay: May 2016,1.0
102,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or100-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London",Basic but well priced for London,"Spent 3 nights in a single room. Essentially a bedroom - didn't see a breakfast area, but plenty of options outside. Very basic and frayed round the edges. Nice area and central. Room was very small but it did what I needed - provided a comfortable bed for the night. The price was the real draw as it represented fantastic value for money for London. I was on a budget and needed a basic place to sleep and it fitted with what i wanted. Would I stay again - yes.",Date of stay: May 2016,3.0
103,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or100-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London",Budget Hotel,"This is an ideally located hotel for Earls Court and the tube station. Located in a quiet street and within five minutes walk of the tube this is a good place for single and couples to stay. There is no reception as such, just a young lady on the bottom floor of a house to give you your room number. If you get a top floor room you might need oxygen by the time you have climbed the four floors as there isn't a lift. My room, number 44, was on the top floor but I have to say it was very quiet. The room was very clean and newly decorated., has a massive double bed and a very nice shower bathroom. Every floor has cups, coffee, tea and milk to take to the room where you have your own kettle. This is a very simple but good hotel and don't expect the Ritz but a good comfortable stay on…",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
104,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or100-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent value for London,"Great location being just 5 min walk to tube.  Room nice and clean, bed comfortable and good bathroom facilities. Extremely good value for this part of London for what it offers. Free wifi and tea coffee etc - rooms even have iron, ironing board and hairdryer",Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
105,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or105-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London",Great value for an expensive part of town,This hotel is basic but comfortable and great value for this part of London. It is conveniently located a few minutes walk from the tube and a few decent restaurants. It is a nice quiet part of town and there is some beautiful architecture in the area. The room I stayed in was a bit cramped but was comfortable otherwise. There is free tea and coffee available to guests. The wifi is free but doesn't work in the room; instead you need to come down to the common area to use it which is also quite cramped. I only stayed there for a few nights but I found the place adequate to my needs.,Date of stay: January 2016,3.0
106,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or105-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London","Extremely satisfied, loved it!",It is super clean and on our check out day they let us leave our luggage for the entire day and let us use the bathroom at the ground floor. Staff is extremely nice and kind but also professional. If I ever come back to London I'll go for sure at The Paramount Hotel. ,Date of stay: March 2016,5.0
107,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or105-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London",Good location and value,"I stayed for one night in a compact room on the top floor.  Décor was good, room was clean.  However, I didn't get much sleep as the window sash was broken which meant the window could not be fully closed.  I reported this to reception and someone closed the window as best as they could (they were unable to offer an alternative room).  So, the room became colder throughout the night and was also disturbed by the person in the neighbouring room on their mobile phone - there is what looks like a cupboard door which leads to the next room and this needs 'soundproofing'.    I would stay again, but would want a different room.",Date of stay: February 2016,4.0
108,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or105-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent value,"The Paramount is in a quiet square between Cromwell Road, Earls Court Road and Warwick Road, so it is convenient for Earls Court tube, shops and a number of attractions.  It is a small and friendly hotel, clean and with good facilities.  The only niggle we had was that WiFi is not available in the room, only in the reception area.  We would definitely stay there again when visiting London.",Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
109,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or105-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London","Good hotel, average customer service","This hotel is very basic but exactly what me and my partner were looking for as a base for our weekend in London. We checked in and were greeted by a very helpful girl who told us everything we needed to know. The room was warm and cosy but very clean and suited our needs. However, on the second evening, the fire alarm went off at around 10pm. This is fine, as obviously the hotel cannot help it, but the way it was dealt with was appalling. Everyone was left standing in the cold for half an hour with no update on the situation, no apology, no member of staff even showing their face. Some guests went in to ask the gentleman frantically trying to switch off the alarm and were greeted with a very rude response. Eventually the alarm was turned off but by this time most people had…",Date of stay: February 2016,3.0
110,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or110-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London",Super beautiful view outside the window!,"Hotel is in good location that takes 10mins walk from the Earl's Court station. The reception is so ..""simple""..it's just a small coffee table? Receptionist is nice and introduce the hotel to me patiently.  The hotel is a bit dated but still okay.But some floor tiles are broken and even come off. Hope the hotel will fix it soon. My room is on the 4th floor, which is the top floor(garret). There is no lift in the hotel so i had to carry the heavy luggage up to my room. The staircase is quite wide on the 1st and 2nd floor ,but narrower on the 3rd floor , when I look up to the 4th floor, I was shocked!!!! The staircase is only wide enough for one luggage to pass!!!! So I have to pull my luggage upstairs!!! When I arrived my room, I was half done!!!!!  But when I entered the room ,…",Date of stay: December 2015,3.0
111,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or110-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent,"Staying at Paramount for four nights and superb value for money. Found check in very easy and lady very friendly. Room 25 is small but has all you need, clean and quiet for a relaxing night sleep. Very good location near the tube station. Wifi not advertised but works ok in my room. For the people who complain, you get what you pay for and this hotel is very good value for money.",Date of stay: December 2015,5.0
112,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or110-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London",a life saver,"Arriving late in London, then finding we were booked into a nightmare hotel, we luckily found this hotel. We travelled from Bow to Earls Court, arriving about midnight, to the friendliest hotel staff I've so far met in London. The room was en suite, immaculately clean, trendy and minutes from Earl court tube station. We had a lovely room in the basement, but you wouldn't have known it was the basement, and I was told wife only worked upstairs. They had a customer fridge where you could store your own drinks, endless supplies of tea and coffee.  I would recommend this hotel and will definitely be booking here again.",Date of stay: November 2015,4.0
113,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or110-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London",Poor for this day and age!,"Nobody around when I got there and had to wait for 20 mins for someone to check me in. No reception either so everything done in a non-private manner. Noticed a lot of luggage just left in the 'reception' room...with door never seemingly locked, anyone could take these!! Room was on the first staircase and the noise of people going up and down all night was horrific. Window looked directly at a brick wall barely a few feet away and rear window looked at poorly kept back of building. I found a few discarded items left behind by previous occupants under bed and furniture, including the sort of thing nobody wants to find in ANY room! Disgusting. Wardrobe was so small my clothes wouldn't actually hang in it. Wall above entrance to bedroom had an open part displaying pipes and the…",Date of stay: November 2015,1.0
114,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or110-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London","Good staff,  good communications","Good staff, near Earls tube station.  poor instalations.  good choice if u spend time in hotel to sleep. The Best of this hotel The lovely staff. The hotel hasnt elevator so if u have u room in the 4th floor...  Hahahaha",Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
115,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or115-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London",Don't pick this place..,"..unless you actually enjoy paper thin walls, chemical detergents that make you itchy and the most condescending, miserable manager (I presume) in Kensington. Seriously; spend your money somewhere else.",Date of stay: October 2015,1.0
116,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or115-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London",When they say double they mean single,The hotel is in a lovely location off the Earls Court Road and is clean and well run but be warned the rooms (and in some cases the doors!) are tiny and the beds are narrow so if you are on the large side would not recommend this place!,Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
117,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or115-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely hotel in central London,Usually hotels in central London in that price range are very disappointing. But the Paramount was a big surprise because the rooms were spacious. Also the bathroom was modern and big enough. Also the staff are very friendly.,Date of stay: September 2015,5.0
118,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or115-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London",Cheap but not all cheerful,"For £20 a night in Earl's Court, you can't do much better. Yes the stairs creaked, yes the bathroom was drab, yes the pictures were naff and yes the bedroom was so small you couldn't swing a gerbil, but things were still cosy, the staff welcoming and the complimentary hot drinks in plentiful supply. I'd recommend it to anyone staying in London who finds it hard to justify spending lots on accommodation. Near enough to the centre and meets basic needs, so overall not bad at all.",Date of stay: September 2015,3.0
119,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or115-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London",Worst hotel ever,"It all started from the date I booked this hotel on 2nd of Aug 2015. I booked a double room from 4th Aug to 5th Aug (one night). Later that I booked, my friend informed me that he couldn't make it.  So, I called the hotel to see if I can cancel or change the date. The hotel manager (female) suggested that I couldn't do either of them without the penalty. She also suggested that I should operate any request online (ex. cancel).  So I accepted that and I decided to come alone on 4th Aug anyway. I got to the hotel around 7pm on 4th Aug. There was a man in the reception and he was telling me that he don't know why his manager sold my room to others. He was trying to contact HER and to solve my situation for two hours.  Finally, the man said the bought a room for me from another…",Date of stay: August 2015,1.0
120,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or120-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London",Great Location with friendly staff,"Booked here for 2 nights with a great price for the location, clean comfy bed, great budget no frills hotel, we will definitely stay here again! The staff were really friendly, and there is a lovely garden at the back to sit out in. Check in and out was quick and easy, and the toiletries/ tea and coffee are help yourself on each floor. There are loads of eateries and pubs just around the corner, we had a very good stay.",Date of stay: August 2015,4.0
121,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or120-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London",Nice,"Great location, great price. Room was clean and all I needed for 1 night. Check in was quick and easy. Bed was comfy, for the area this hotel was a very good find. Was only there for 1 night but would return. Booked through booking.com and would recommend.",Date of stay: August 2015,4.0
122,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or120-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London",Perfect for us,"Stayed at the Paramout twice in the last two weeks in the basement rooms. The hotel is really good for the price, situated in a nice area and about a ten minute walk to the tube station. The basement rooms are compact and comfy, there is also a bathroom in the rooms and all is very clean.",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
123,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or120-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London",Good value in lovely area,"Hello there, thanks for reading my review.  We stayed at the Paramount Hotel for 2 nights. This small hotel is located in Kensington with other lovely old buildings and a park next door.  It is a short walk to the tube station. The staff only seem to be in attendance when you book in at 3.pm, for a few hours. Our room on the second floor was large, high ceiling and airy with French doors that looked out onto the street below. The room was very clean, painted in white tones, white furniture and nice white bedding. There was a mezzanine floor with a second bed. The bathroom was clean and toiletries are supplied. Even though I liked this room I felt not much thought had been given to the decorating. The curtains were white and there was a lot of street lighting outside. Even when…",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
124,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or120-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London",Great for the price,"Stayed here friday night 17/7/15. In room 12. Spacious, clean.mattress a bit uncomfortable. But for the one night I stayed it was fine. Would definitely stay again. And only ten minute walk from earls Court tube station. ",Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
125,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or125-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London",Friday night stay,"Spacious room, staff very friendly, and the room was clean. We stayed in room 15, a two story room with a balcony. Bed was very comfortable, bathroom very nice with a great shower, and overall the stay was very good value considering we payed £45 as we got a last minute deal. Excellent location, 5 minutes walk from Earl's Court station and many bars and restaurants very close by. Only negative feature of the room was the fact that it was very hot and stuffy in the night, we had to sleep with the balcony door open, however we would definitely stay again! ",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
126,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or125-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London",Another delightful stay!,Went back again this year. Fabulous! The staff are so nice. The room and bathroom so clean. Lots of towels. I love it! My room overlooked the garden square and was very private. The tv works fine too. Always tea and coffee available.,Date of stay: June 2015,5.0
127,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or125-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London",what a strange little place!,What a strange little place!   On entering the building it has some lovely Victorian features such as a beautiful tiled hallway but on closer inspection many of the tiles are loose and not stuck down. The ‘reception’ is a cupboard... I don’t mean because its small…it literally is a cupboard. I arrived abit early and the door was locked with a notice on saying that it didn’t  open until 3pm which I thought was abit strange: not having someone there all the time but there is a pleasant enough waiting room with free water/tea/coffee etc and a lovely little garden out the back that you can sit in whilst you wait.  I was travelling on my own and given room 36 which is up quite a few flights of steep stairs so not good if you have mobility problems.   The room was bright and clean…,Date of stay: May 2015,3.0
128,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or125-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London",Depends what you are looking for !!!,"We needed a reasonably priced place to stay the night. We each had a single en-suite room , a comfortable bed , tv, free wifi, an iron , a hairdryer ,a kettle ,tea & coffee in a perfect location. What more do you need? The staff were very friendly and checked us in quickly as we had a taxi waiting to whisk us off to dinner & a show. We were up and out the next morning at 7.30 to go to the Chelsea Flower Show. Ok so there is no lift, be prepared to climb three flight of stairs, yes rooms were small but we were only in them for a few hours. Yes a few cracks in the wall but it is an old building that shifts. You could see that it had been redecorated not so long ago.  Guest House style - no posh reception desk or food - but very clean. It was just what we wanted at a very good…",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
129,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or125-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London",STAY AWAY RATS AND BlACK SPIDERS! !!!,"Room had paper thin walls holes with pieces of toilet paper stuck on it.. Mouldy and damp walls had sellotape that held it together.  paint was peeling off lots of patches.  No bath mats, rooms not clean, don't change sheets. Manageress shouts loudly at her staff can here everything in the next room and i mean everything movement footsteps people using the toilet snoring etc. Night porter didn't like being disturbed was as if I stepped into his house and was a nuisance, he was also picking a fight and really argumentative! ! WORST NIGHTS SLEEP EVER DONT EVER STAY HERE RUNNNNN IN THE OPPOSITE DIRECTION! !!!",Date of stay: May 2015,1.0
130,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or130-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London",Basic but clean with a great location,"There's nothing special about the hotel, the room was tiny and services minimal however it was in a great, pretty quiet, location, was cheap (£60 for the night) and was ideal for what we were looking for.  If you're after something luxurious this is not the place for you but if you want somewhere close to Earl's Court or Olympia for not very much it's ideal.",Date of stay: March 2015,3.0
131,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or130-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London","Lovely staff, great location",It does 'what it say's on the tin' . Clean and pretty well equipped rooms with good hot showers and acceptable linen. I stayed in a couple of rooms the second being far better than the first for quiet and a more comfortable mattress. The staff are really helpful and do their best. Would definitely go back depending on the price which does vary hugely on day of the week and week in the year ! Great manager and a good team working alongside.,Date of stay: March 2015,4.0
132,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or130-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely place,"Always when i go to London i stay in this hotel and in the same room. The room looks like a little flat (very cute ,comfy and bright) it had a nice balcony as well :) bathrooms very clean and friendly staff. In the second time we stayed there our fly home was very late, so we check out and left our suitcases in the reception so we could enjoy the day and get our suitcases later. :) Very safe and fancy area.",Date of stay: September 2014,5.0
133,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or130-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London",Very good for the price we payed.,"Me and a friend stayed here as we were working at an exhibition at Olympia for 3 days. We were shocked at the low price and so didn't hold high expectations. But were pleasantly surprised when we got there. We were greeted by a lovely gentleman who told us everything we needed to know and were shortly shown to our room. Our room was very clean and had everything we needed in it. No it wasn't a luxury suite with chocolates on the pillows. But for the price we payed we did not expect that. The bed was comfy, and the bathroom was clean with a nice powerful shower. Each floor had a help yourself tea and coffee refill station for your kettle in the room which we thought was an absolutely lovely touch. Perhaps over time the rooms could do with a little touch up here and there but as…",Date of stay: February 2015,4.0
134,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or130-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent value for £55 per night!,We stayed 17th February 2015 and must say after reading the reviews I was a little dubious (husband booked) but for £55 on booking dot com for the night it was excellent.  Room is a little on the small side but hey it's London if you want floor space triple your budget.  On the plus sides we checked in at 21.30 and no £20 charge lovely and friendly if a little vague on local amenities such as where to park.    The room had been freshly decorated (room 26) and from previous reviews I was a little worried but the roofs were freshly plastered and it was very clean.  Outside the hotel there is parking but it is residents except from 10pm till 8am which is perfect for anyone just looking for a bed.   I would definately recommend this hotel for good value for money and ignore the…,Date of stay: February 2015,5.0
135,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or135-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London",£20 for late check in!!!,I have stayed in hundreds of hotels over the years and never have I had to pay for late check-in! I rocked up at 1:30am so a £20 charge on top of £50 I paid for the single tiny room. Their excuse was that the porter was not paid after midnight and it was their hotel policy. I booked through Booking.com and it did not mention this charge anywhere! In fact there official website does not mention it! I almost called the police because I felt completely ripped off. They refused to give me the key until I paid so in the end I caved and I got a receipt written on a non hotel headed paper to say I paid the extra cost! Absolutely ridiculous! Do not stay at this place. They're a complete con!,Date of stay: January 2015,1.0
136,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or135-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London",Great stay,"I like this hotel, stayed her twice now, it's in a nice neighbourhood, close to the metro and the supermarket. the metro earls court is great to be close at.  the rooms are however very small, but it's clean and the bathroom is clean and good. and there's free internet, if you are on a higher floor you might have to sit on the stars for your wifi, but on the 2nd floor its better.   there's no breakfast but there is a huge supermarket close by and a 24hour open store with lots of fresh baked bread.  the people at the reception are very helpfull and nice.",Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
137,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or135-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London",Never again., Room was really small and i heard everything what the other couple did in the room next to me. At middle of the night I wake up and realise that my room had a door to the other room. Could sleep for rest of the night because  some one had a little party in the room.. ,Date of stay: December 2014,2.0
138,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or135-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London",Pros but more cons,"It's a stone throw away from town centre and train/underground station but with out a sound of traffic/trains, cheap and reasonably clean. I wouldn't stay longer than a couple of nights, without exaggerating I could hear the neighbours thoughts let alone their every movement around their room. The check in was unprofessional. Tiny room (room 33). You can tell they've tried to modernise but have ignored the important things like cracks on wall and ceiling. Nothing but a room with a kettle at the top of some really steep stairs. ",Date of stay: December 2014,2.0
139,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or135-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London",Not bad but could be so much more.,"This hotel left me very confused. For the price I paid (about £70 a night) I got an ideally located hotel, just a few minutes walk to Earls Court in one direction and the bars, restaurants and shops equally as convenient in the other. Then you get in to the hotel and the entrance and reception could do with some sprucing up but nothing too bad. My greeting was business like and efficient. I then went up the stairs to my single bedroom and was happy to see a clean, big bed with modern furnishings and fixtures. I then went in to the bathroom and again nice big clean shower and a modern, separate toilet. You then start to notice the walls and the roof...the paper was literally peeling off the bathroom wall and so was the ceiling paint above the shower??? None of the windows would…",Date of stay: October 2014,4.0
140,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or140-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London",Value for money! Perfect location ,"The hotel is very friendly and clean! Very nice view, to nevern square, and very quite! In the drawbacks of this hotel, is that no wi-fi is provided in the rooms and in communal areas the wi-fi was not working.. That's is something that's the management should fix immediately.. Strongly recommended!!! ",Date of stay: October 2014,4.0
141,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or140-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London",Decent stay!,Great hotel to stay in! Close to earls court 5 mins walk!!   Double Rooms are small but clean cosy and have a decent shower. Free tea coffee and water. ..  Price isnt cheap for a nights stay but not overly expensive,Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
142,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or140-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent location,"Had a bit of confusion with the polish girls on reception as they spoke poor English ,but once in the room we were pleasantly surprised at the very clean and refurbished room .the location is really great for central London and I would come here again without hesitation.",Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
143,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or140-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London",Best budget hotel ever!,"Everything was great. Lovely rooms. Very clean. Maid came in every day. Garden in the back. The staff were very helpful and so nice. Location was so good. For the price, incredible. Kettle and hairdryer in room. Unlimited tea and coffee.",Date of stay: July 2014,5.0
144,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or140-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London",A hidden gem,"Was slightly dreading this hotel after reading the reviews but on arrival we were pleasantly surprised. I had booked in to stay two nights from July 2 through to the 4th for a festival in Hyde park. My boyfriend and I didn't arrive until 11pm due to work commitments but staff were available upon checking albeit after a bit of mis communication - but this harmed no one. The hotel is safe and secure with front access  provided by a security code. The rooms are spotlessly clean, bathroom is perfect especially for a double room size. The room could have done with being slightly bigger but considering we didn't plan on spending much time in there we had no complaints.the added touch of coffee, tea,and hot chocolate, on the landing (which you can help yourself to at your leisure) was…",Date of stay: July 2014,4.0
145,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or145-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London",Quite expensive for the quality of the hotel,I spent in this hotel only a couple of nights but I didnt have a very good impression. As soon as we arrived we had to pay 20£ as fine because we were 3 mins late for the check in... I think that they were a bit too rigid as concered the times for check in and check out. The hotel in not very recent and it needs to be restored a bit especially the stairs and the hall. The room on the other hand was quite comfortable and in a good status but not big at all.,Date of stay: August 2013,2.0
146,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or145-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London",Very good value for money,"This hotel is very basic, but spotlessly clean, with friendly and understanding staff. As much tea and coffee as you wish on every landing, and a kettle in your room.Turn to the left and Earls Court is just around the corner, turn to the right and the High Street is there with good eateries and the shops. Small Dining room for takeaways, and a small garden with nice seats everything you want at a very good price",Date of stay: May 2014,5.0
147,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or145-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London",Really clean,"I booked 2 rooms, about 50 GBP each at this hotel. One room is upgraded to, a really big one, it looks like originally a family room. The rooms were outstandingly clean, with a nice small public garden at the front of hotel. There was also hot water kettle in the room. We can take teabags, coffee and sugar as compliments just outside the room. The location is also nice, only about 5-10 mins walk from Earl's Court (its still Zone 1).",Date of stay: April 2014,4.0
148,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or145-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London",Bettewr on the inside,"Stayed at the Paramount Hotel for 2  nights. Its a typical London terrace hotel around one of the Victorian London Squares. When I first arrived I thought what I have I booked!! Outside is not inviting, reception needs a proper paint up and checkin was not great , key did not work first time, but when I got to the room (26) it had recently been refurbished and was  very pleasant although workmanship of the redecoration was not great.  My room, had TV, private facilities  kettle and WIFI. The hotel provides NO breakfast. There are other better hotels around but I would stay again.",Date of stay: May 2014,3.0
149,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or145-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London","Bright, Clean and Convenient...with stairs only",I came for the Londin Book Fair at Earl's Court and this was very close by. I travelled solo as a student so to find a single inexpensive room was great. It is a sweet little hotel. Do know there are many quite steep stairs so if you cannot manage that best go elsewhere.,Date of stay: April 2014,5.0
150,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or150-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London",Unexpected Pleasent Surprise,"When my booking to another hotel for 45 pounds per night was cancelled 10 days before my staying, I was certain I couldn't find something decent in a good price. After a long search I found Paramount hotel, that costed me 50 gbp per night. The photos made me think ""why haven't I bumped into that hotel whlie booking the first time?"". Everything seemed nice, though I had doubts thinking there might be a ""catch"". Only 5-7 min walking from the Earl's court station, we found it. One old man was in the reception -service not that good since there is no breakfast and basically they just give you a room and a key.- that was helpful, nonetheless. Negative aspect; our room was in the 4th floor... and no elevator. But it was worth it. The room was extremely beautiful for a 50pds per night…",Date of stay: March 2014,4.0
151,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or150-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London",Warm and friendly budget stay.,"Well located. A very helpful lady warmly greeted my husband at check in. Our room though small was clean, cosy & nicely decorated. We had a comfortable quiet nights sleep.  A very nice touch other than having a heater plus iron in the wardrobe is you can refill your welcome basket in the reception area as often as required we would definately like to stay here again and well worth the money.",Date of stay: February 2014,4.0
152,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or150-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London",Beautiful!,"Last night myself and a friend stayed at the paramount hotel for a concert at earls court arena and we could not fault the hotel. It was so stunning, I felt I had to sign up and give it a review that it deserves. Like everyone else is saying, please don't let the two star put you off. Upon arrival we was greeted at reception and given a little London fashion week toiletry gift which was unexpected and adorable. The room was small but well planned out. Tall ceilings and clean decor. Amazing quality for the price and great location. 5 minute walk from earls court station and arena. Tea making facilities, iron and ironing board, clean bed lining and towels provided.  I haven't stopped thinking about it since I left this morning. We are definitely returning!  Thank you",Date of stay: February 2014,5.0
153,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or150-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London","Great Price, Great Location, Great Sleep so Great Stay :)","I chose the Paramount for it's great price and location to Earl's Court tube station and I wasn't disappointed. I do tire of people nitpicking on here like many do, but please be assured this hotel from my experience was absolutely fine. Check in was easy and I was given a beautiful view from my 2nd floor room (see picture) although if your a little weak on the knees take it easy on the stairs. The room was perfectly fine for a single person (although the room was a double) but it was spacious enough for a small place. The shower worked well and the bed was comfy enough for a good sleep, although I admit for light sleepers there is a little noise here and there but nothing that bothered me. Also the weather was cold on my visit and the room heating was very responsive when…",Date of stay: February 2014,5.0
154,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or150-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London",Dont let the 2star put you off!!,"Stayed here with my boyfriend one night as we had a theatre show and were looking for a cheap place to stay, we are from London and so know the different areas. We came across this hotel and i must admit to pre judging it, as i first saw it was 2 stars ( which most tend to think anything below 2 stars will have mold, insects, things broken etc..) HOWEVER we were pleasantly surprised! We checked in around 5pm and had no problem, the receptionist was very accommodating and we were upgraded due to oversee of rooms or something.. we were supposed to have a regular double, but instead had a family room which was quiet nice. The room was very clean and tidy, simple decor, bathroom had a small shower but hey its a shower not a wet room + it was 1night!. Tea and coffee facilities in the…",Date of stay: April 2013,4.0
155,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or155-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely stay with friends,"Myself and friends recently had a short stay at this lovely hotel. On arrival we were greeted by friendly staff who were there to answer all of our questions from places to eat and places to visit. Our room was clean and spacious with lots of lighting.There is tea, coffee and biscuits in the room on arrival with the option to refill the basket yourself if you're running low. The hotel is 5 mins walk from Earls Court underground and there are buses in the area to bring you to Westfield Shepherds Bush and also central London. I was truly happy my visit and I will return again. Thank you for a really nice experience.",Date of stay: October 2013,5.0
156,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or155-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London",Good Location and Great Value For Money,"I stayed here in September in a superior double room. I was a bit nervous about what to expect as I booked it before reading any reviews on the hotel, and when I did I was shocked by some people's experience. But having only booked it four days before staying and only paying £45 for the room I figured it is what it is, and thankfully I was pleasantly surprised. The room was comfy, although a bit warm due to it being 30oC that day. It is in a great location and even though they don't provide a breakfast service there are plenty of cafes about and a large tesco about 3mins down the road too. But all in all if the price was right I would stay again!",Date of stay: September 2013,4.0
157,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or155-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London",Great room for the price.,"Stayed for one night in a Superior Double Room.  Wanted something cheap for an unexpected extra nights stay at short notice.  Was not expecting much for the price, small room and a walk back from the tube station in a dodgy area of London for this price.  However me and my partner were both impressed, the room was massive compared to what we usually get elsewhere. The hotel is also located in a good area where you feel safe going out after dark. Not far from Earls Court tube station and loads of shops, supermarkets, pubs and restaurants just around the corner.  If you want a nice location and a big room then Id book the superior room here.  The room itself was a bit dated but was one of the cleanest rooms I have stayed in, and I've stayed in a few hotel rooms.  Also had an…",Date of stay: September 2013,4.0
158,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or155-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London",Ok hotel,"I stayed here for a few nights thought out the summer and considering the price it is what it is. Very basic but I had a good night sleep. The rooms come with a kettle, coffee an tea facilities.  The location is perfect and a 5 minute walk from Earls court tube station. The bigger rooms are better as obviously more spacious. The smaller rooms are OK but are small so you might want to request a bigger room. I found the staff friendly and polite and was welcomed upon my arrival. There isn't a lift in the hotel but lots of stairs. Luckily I'm quite fit. This might make it harder for older people. I would stay again and although not 5 star it is what I expected before I booked.   Jonathan www.stayevents.co.uk",Date of stay: August 2013,3.0
159,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or155-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London",Great price great room!!!,When booking this room and seeing it was a 2 star I must admit I was worried as to what I would see. However this hotel surprised me positively!!! When we arrived check in was easy and quick. Receptionist had everything ready for us. The rooms were fine as we weren't there to stay in the hotel but explore London. Everything was clean and comfortable. Its location is ideal for tourists who like us use the underground to travel everywhere. I would stay here again!! Only downside is no elevator which with heavy suitcases was a bit tiring...,Date of stay: September 2013,4.0
160,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or160-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London",not to bad,"we stayed for 2 nights in a Superior Double Room, the rooms was very small but clean and modern. we had air con in the room which was great as it was quite hot. on the 1 night we woke up in the morning with a flooded bathroom water was coming through the roof so when we told reception, they sent someone up straight away apparently the room above had left the shower running with door open and caused it to come through the ceiling, but they didn't offer to change us rooms just gave us towels for the floor.  location is good only 5 mins walk to underground.",Date of stay: June 2013,3.0
161,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or160-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London",Don't Book it!!,"This place was not comfortable staying there as a couple. The rooms were hot and no fans were provided, bring your own fan if your staying there during summer. Paying 99GBP I expected more from this accommodation.",Date of stay: August 2013,2.0
162,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or160-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London","Poor, you can find better for the same price","We wanted to be able to recommended this place but unfortunately our experience matches that of quite a few other reviews.  We decided to stay here on a recent get away to London. We booked this place despite its less than positive reviews hoping maybe they had just hit the place at a bad time. I understand that if you pay cheap you get cheap but this faults of this place weigh it down. Lets start with the positives though  - The hotel itself is in a lovely area, 5 mins walk from Earls Court tube station and very quiet - The room we had looks like it had recently been refurbished with nice wood flooring and a nice soft bed  Now the bad:  - The receptionist, as mentioned, is a little standoff-ish. its almost seems like you are there to inconvenience her. She wasn't rude by any…",Date of stay: August 2013,2.0
163,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or160-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London",Absolutely avoid,"Hello to all,  I've booked the hotel for the past weekend for my family. Unfortunately, it wasn't an pleasant experience. The hotel was dirty, with wholes in the walls (!!), bathroom not clean at all. The internet works from time to time. Not constantly. No breakfast. But above all what I didn't like is the attitude and responsivness to problems (neither from the manager or the guardian). For any problem we've reported there was no even a will to listnen, help or resolve the situations. Was I supposed to beg? The only positive sign was the bulgarian lady that worked on saturday. Very professionnal and above all very kind. She's the only reason why our grade isn't ""terrible"". If the rest of the team had the same attitude... None the less, the hotel is far too expensive for its…",Date of stay: August 2013,2.0
164,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or160-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London",Very good budget hotel,"Before I checked the opinions about the hotel, I already booked it because of the price. After reading reviews I thought that would regret booking it. However me and my girlfriend found it really nice place to stay in. It has a perfect location and our room was refubrished so everything was in right order. Small but nice bathroom with powerful shower. Room again small, but I'm 6ft6inch and my legs were sticking out a little bit. (I got used to it) The room was cleaned every day. Receptionist was polite but they don't have any extra tube maps but of course you can get these from underground station. The hotel is placed along the quiet road so during the night you should not have the problem with the noise.  Overall for the amount we have payed it was worth staying in this hotel,…",Date of stay: August 2013,5.0
165,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or165-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London",Zero service and greedy owners,While there are some good things to be said about this hotel such as a reasonable nights sleep and a great location other aspects of this hotel makes it impossible to rate our stay at anything higher than one star. We arrived at five to three and were going to leave our case in their luggage room and go out for the rest of the afternoon. However upon arrival it was clear there was aboslutely no security in the left luggage room and so decided to wait the five minutes until check in especially as the hotel stated that there was free tea and coffee available while you wait. Unfortunatly the kettle was broken but as it was only five minutes we didn't mind waiting. However this turned into an almost half an hour long wait! We were continually told by the lady on reception that she…,Date of stay: June 2013,1.0
166,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or165-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London",staying in a shoebox,"Do yourself a favour and go somewhere else! These rooms are misrepresented on the website! The room we booked was tiny, the bed was not suitable for anyone over 5ft and the bed cover was only came to half way up the bed!! Yes there is tea\coffee making facilities but don't expect anything other than paper cups and no spoon or stirrer!! As for the toiletries provided..don't hold your breath! There is no reception area other than a girl  with a laptop at arrivals and a grumpy old man................ Good luck!",Date of stay: July 2013,1.0
167,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or165-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London",Major disappointment!,"This hotel misrepresents itself by showing photos of 1 room on the 5th floor that has been remodeled (this according the the manager I spoke to).   The room we had on the 1st floor was sorely in need of remodeling....think cracked plaster, raveling carpet on narrow little stairs up to the mezzinine (we had to come down them backwards like you would a ladder, as they were so narrow).  The mezzinine, where 2 of us slept, had ceiling so low you couldn't stand up straight.  In addition to crumbling plaster, etc. when speaking to a manager about the possibility of changing rooms, she was just rude.  Save yourself some frustration, and stay elsewhere!",Date of stay: June 2013,1.0
168,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or165-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London",Lady Di,"Overall we loved this place for our stay in cosmopolitan, sunny London!  We were greeted by a beautiful and friendly Bulgarian lady - she was a real gem.   Then came a challenge; having to climb 89 creaky stairs to our room in the roof. The view was rather pleasant, however. The room was like a lolly bag at the birthday party of a wonderful Bulgarian woman; for every Banana there was a Milk Bottle. The room had been recently renovated, and the décor was very tasteful. However, it was by no means a spacious cocoon. Regardless, it was equipped with most of the things you'd need whilst travelling (iron, kettle, television, floor).   Perhaps the best thing about The Paramount was its location, only five minutes' walk from Earls Court tube station and the only real reason to visit…",Date of stay: June 2013,4.0
169,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or165-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London",It was just a slow mouse,"It was relative clean, however major improvements are required. On our second evening we returned to find a mouse in our bathroom!! We then visited reception where the only member of staff was an older man. He seemed surprised by our discovery, then began pacing the floor and said he would use a large stick to hit it and ""it would eventually leave our room""!! I then suggested a more sensible option of using a bowl or bucket to slide it out. He ""didn't have anything like that"". I found MYSELF having to check the garden, suggesting a plant pot - the whole issue was implied it was such a hassle for him!! He then offered us another room, which he said was bigger, I agreed this would be a better option. The four of us gathered our belongings and were given ZERO assistance and I had…",Date of stay: June 2013,2.0
170,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or170-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London",Faulty Towers,"Stay away. There are lots of other similar hotels in this area. If you arrive early and looking to store your luggage be aware that it will be left in an open, unsecured corridor outside 3 bedrooms.  The manager assured us that it would be safe and the area was monitored...what a load of rubbish, we came and went during the day and no one stopped and asked us who we were.  If you are given room 35 don't even make the journey up four flights of stairs to check the room. Just say no. I have stayed in numerous hotels in London and appreciate that rooms can be small...but there is small and there is room 35!  It was either a cupboard or corridor that had been converted. If there are two of you, you can't both be standing at the same time and has to be in the bed to allow the other…",Date of stay: May 2013,1.0
171,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or170-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London",Good point: it's clean,"Good budget hotel, very convenient for people traveling for business related to Earl’s Court center (fairs, shows etc.). Earl’s court exhibitions hall is very close (2-3 minutes walking), bus station and underground station too. The neighborhood is quiet, just in front of the hotel there is a square garden – but, like many gardens in London, it is not public, unfortunately.    My room (no 16) was small (despite the fact it was called a “double”. I wonder how could manage a second person to enter the bed, since the bed was cramped in a sort of enclosure. No problem for a single traveler. The wardrobe is too small, hardly containing the clothes one person need for a week. The bathroom was OK, except the shower which was fixed very high on the wall, taking a shower means soaked…",Date of stay: April 2013,4.0
172,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or170-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London",Good value for money you pay for,"Very good located hotel, close to the public transport stations (bus, tube), some shops nearby. Staff friendly and pleasant, free luggage store room on the departure day. They do not offer breakfast.  Our room was quad, not really big, only one small wardrobe.  Every day new coffee and tea, room servise. The equipement is quite old, but still OK, especially with comparison of the money you pay for it.",Date of stay: April 2013,3.0
173,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or170-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London",Good worth of money,"Cheap hotel with a quality service and great staff. Good hotel for low budget travelers, with excellent location. The staff is very kind, and kept the room tidy and filled up with cafe, which was a pleasent surprise for us.",Date of stay: April 2013,4.0
174,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or170-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London",Simple,"It is cheap, simple, clean. There is everyhing you need for a pleasant visit. Me with my friends stayed in a double room on the first floor. Room was tidy, beds were tall and very very comfortable. In room we had coffee, tea bags, sugar, cookies, cups and kettle. Bathroom was clean. Staff - quite friendly. Tesco, undergroud is near Paramount hotel =)",Date of stay: January 2013,4.0
175,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or175-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London",A true find!,"I stayed in the Paramount Hotel in their Superior Double Room. I usually travel to London on business and always go for the safe choice - a Hilton, but this time my purpose was on pleasure and I have always liked the south-west area of London. After browsing and browsing, nothing really caught my eye but when I stopped and clicked on the Paramount, I was pleasantly surprised - the location, the price and the room could not have been any better. Plus there is the EasyBus stop right next to the hotel which is very convenient for people from overseas who fly in and it's only about a 4 minute walk from Earl's Court tube station. Different to a Hilton of course, but if you fancy a change it is the way forward. Also, did my research and got a bit scared off after reading the reviews…",Date of stay: February 2013,5.0
176,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or175-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London",Really nice stay,"Perfect location, close to Easybus Stop from Gatwick airport. Very  welcoming and friendly staff. Clean and well-maintained room. I would definitely stay here again. I really enjoyed my time at the hotel. It was close to the shops on High St. Kensington, close to the restaurants on Earls Court Rd. and close to the tube station. Thus is a small hotel with a big heart.",Date of stay: March 2013,5.0
177,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or175-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London",An insult to proper hotels,"For this place to have the title of a hotel is truly insulting to those that work in the hospitality industry and own hotels. We were greeted on arrival by a young lady wearing slippers and eating a pot noodle. Several hallway tiles cracked underneath our feet (our BMI is perfectly fine) as we walked to the stairs. After six flights of stairs with a heavy suitcase, we finally arrived at our room. As guests do, we had a good look around the room and it wasn't difficult to see the glaringly obvious problems. The main wall where the headboard is, was covered in cracks, dents, orangey damp patches and peeling paint. There was a missing lightbulb in the bedroom, a blown lightbulb in the shower, the bathroom door was broken, the worst case of brown limescale and dirt i have ever seen…",Date of stay: January 2013,1.0
178,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or175-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London",A lightweight hotel that punches above its belt,"Having stayed in several similar hotels in the Paddington area I was pleasantly surprised by this hotel.   The night concierge was helpful, there was an issue with my room key which was immediately resolved.   In terms of location it is about a 5-10min walk from Earls Court tube station and so you have a lot of bars/restaurants on your doorstep.   I got a good deal on a doubleroom. My room was ensuite large and overlooking a typical courtyard garden of London. It was however on the top floor and there is no lift. So, if you are travelling with a lot of luggage/children, requesting the 1st floor might be prudent.   Stay in this hotel if you are not a very fussy person who is looking for somewhere affordable, well placed, budget yet not a hostel/brothel! As a previous reviewer…",Date of stay: December 2012,3.0
179,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or175-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London",Good Budget hotel,"very helpfull staff, rooms generally good . excellent location. bit tatty in places but very clean.parking is possible but on a meter during peak hours. plenty off pubs and restuarants really close.some good rooms recently updated and some not. updated one was very nice, the not updated was ok.",Date of stay: December 2012,3.0
180,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or180-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London",Nice hotel,"The hotel is quite cheap next to the other one you can find in London. In Earls court, so really really close to the center of London. The Double room is quite small, but really clean, and you'll find everything you need inside. The bathroom is clean as well with a big shower.  The staff is friendly.   You'll find outside a lot of restaurant to eat, café, and a big tesco.   Nice week end in this hotel.",Date of stay: November 2012,4.0
181,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or180-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London",Comfortable garret,"While the bed and shower were adequate, space (in room 36, 3rd floor) was laughably restricted; this was a single room - just - masquerading as a double. Many, doubtless, will overlook the lack of space because of the location - and the free wi-fi.",Date of stay: October 2012,3.0
182,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or180-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London",Avoid,"Firstly, the hotel is not where the map indicates it is on the hotel website so I got off to a rather bad start when I walked around with my luggage for 30 mins getting perplexed looking at the map I'd printed.  The hotel is advertised as being recently refurbished but it reality it is run down and very badly in need of a coat of paint. The room, on the third floor (no lift) was tiny with a double bed flush with the walls and a narrow corridor leading to the bed with a door to the shower room  off it (the shower room was okay, the shower itself cannot be turned on without soaking the tile floor and no shower matts in rooms). My room was seperated by another adjoined room by a thin door meaning I could hear every word and movement of guests in that room and was kept awake by…",Date of stay: October 2012,1.0
183,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or180-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London",STAY AWAY!!!!!,"Hotel was very tired & dusty throughout, shower rooms were better suited to a dolls house, you get your own tea,, coffee, soap, shower gel at reception, not in rooms (wasn't told this at check-in) & were on the 4th floor!!  rooms need a complete overall decorwise & cleaning issues are too many to list, may be cheap certainly NOT cheerful.......................stay well away from this one",Date of stay: September 2012,1.0
184,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or180-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London",Don't get 'upgraded' to the basement,"Stayed here on a one night break to London to be with my partner. Thank goodness it was only one night. On arrival was shown to the basement, we had been 'upgraded' as doubles were full, this was a family room, well, it had an extra double bed! The room had a window and door which looked out on to a, tiny, filthy concret square with an old brush out there along with a Tesco carrier. The blinds were drawn, it was dull and dingy and there was no point opening them. The washroom....we couldn't stand in the shower, the paint was peeling off the walls, the toilet was crooked, the tap was coming off, no toilet roll holder and it smelled of damp. Truely horrid, all of it. Can't comment on upstairs but the proprietor was not overly friendly either. AVOID!!!",Date of stay: September 2012,2.0
185,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or185-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely Experience,"We stayed in the The Paramount Hotel for 3 nights during the Olympics in London.  The hotel is clean, quiet & very centrally located.  Although breakfast is not provided, there is cooking facilites in-house.  We had breakfast nearby in a fabulous lebanese cafe/take-away.  For what you pay, this is a perfect place to stay.",Date of stay: August 2012,4.0
186,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or185-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London","Brilliant stay, great location!!","I really enjoyed my stay here, great location it was close to earls court tube station and Tesco which is 24 hours and only 5 minutes walk. Lots of places to eat on the main street from pubs, takeaways and restaurants. My room was very comfortable and clean, free tea and coffee. I had a lovely view from my room of the garden square, the road outside my room is quiet and I did not have any disturbances. Staff were really friendly and helped with any of the questions I had and gave me suggestions on places to eat etc. All in all I had a brilliant stay and would recommend it!",Date of stay: September 2012,5.0
187,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or185-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London","Enjoyable stay, will definately go again.","We really liked the room and it was very clean and comfortable.  We were given free toiletries and a tea and coffee tray when we arrived and the staff were very helpful and friendly. There are stairs to the rooms at the top of the hotel but once we were there we really liked the view.  It was of a whole garden square and the nice old buildings that surround it.  Also, the room was very quiet, even with the windows open as we were high up.",Date of stay: July 2012,5.0
188,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or185-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London",Very good value for money,"This hotel is pretty basic but the room we stayed in was a family room which was huge by London standards and cost us only £50 for the night!  I think that providing you get a deal on the room price (I would pay no more than £75) then its not a bad place to stay. It's very handy for the tube at Earls Court and there are plenty of restaurants nearby.  Downsides were; no air-con and the tv in our room had no remote (not a huge problem except when said tv is on a wall mount 7ft up!).   Positives were; size and price of room, location and free bottled water.",Date of stay: August 2012,3.0
189,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or185-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London",Short stay during olympics,"We stayed here for three nights during the first week of the 2012 Olympics. The hotel was cheap and our expectations were low. At first glance the room seemed proper and clean. The beds were nice and clean and they were made every day. Because we stayed in the basement we had no view and we could hear hotel staff passing our window in the morning. The bathroom was a bit too small for me (I couldn't stand upright under the shower) and it was a bit dirty and old.  The location however, is perfect. Near the underground station and a lot of small places to have breakfast in the morning.  The hotel didn't exceed our expectations, but we only needed it for a place to sleep. Just for that purpose it is a good place to stay.",Date of stay: July 2012,3.0
190,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or190-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London",Stay away from this hotel,"I was badly cheated from this hotel and by reading more reviews I realized that I was not the first to be treated like this and probably I will not be the last. They charged me a very high rate based on the fraud condition that it was the only available room. But just after my booking, they released more rooms at a much lower rate. They refused to cancel the reservation or correct the rate and when I went there for check in the lady at the reception was so aggressive and arrogant that made me not want to stay there. After this terrible treatment, I was afraid of the my safety and the safety of my belongings. It seems that they only want to earn money on a tricky way and they don't give a penny for customer's service and satisfaction. Think twice before booking this property",Date of stay: July 2012,1.0
191,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or190-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London",Basic hotel- basic facilities,"Upon arriving at the hotel, check-in isn't until 3pm which we found somewhat of an inconvenience. The main hall and 'reception' (if you can call a cupboard under the stairs with a small round table as a desk, a reception), were very run down and slightly dirty which made us feel dispondant about our stay from the beginning. We were showed to our standard double and there was literally no room to swing a cat. The room was tiny and the bathroom even smaller! There is a tiny wardrobe to hang a few shirts in, no breakfasts offered and charged at £75+ a night I'd advise anybody to stay at a travelodge. The location is good, right next to Kensington high street and Earls court tube station and the rooms are clean. If a little more attention was payed to communal areas then the place…",Date of stay: July 2012,3.0
192,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or190-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London",Pfew,"Reading all the recent awful reviews just hours before my trip left me anxious and nervous about the room I would encounter.. but it was fine. Good: location (near Earls Court tube station and Earls Court Road, which is full of restaurant chains, coffee shops and a few English pubs and even a few supermarkets) but still in a quiet neighbourhood. Wifi was free and pretty fast, room was small but tidy. You get a code for the front door so you can come in as late as you want. Not so good: Booked a superior room, bed was just big enough for the two of us, 140 cm wide I guess. Bathroom was nice, but probably very cold in winter because of the drafty windows. We also only got two towels and three the next day... And only 1 room key/pass. The rooms are also really really noisy, the…",Date of stay: June 2012,3.0
193,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or190-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London",NOT LIKE THE PICTURES!! HEll!,"A group of three of us booked the hotel for two nights, as we were exhibiting work London, and we paid £100 a night. We weren't expecting the Ritz, but we were expecting somewhere clean and safe, we received neither.   When we arrived we had to wait in a tiny hall to check in, loose wood chippings lay over the floor, a pair of shoes lay by the back door. Once we were checked in, we were lead down some stairs to the basement to our room, we were told we could use the kitchen, which at a glance the floor looked filthy. Once we got into the room the nightmare began. The manager claimed that the room had been recently renovated, with fresh paint on the walls but the carpet was stained and the walls had wallpaper lifting off them. The hardwood floors that are shown in the pictures…",Date of stay: June 2012,1.0
194,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d224731-Reviews-or190-The_Paramount_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Paramount Hotel Reviews, London",dont do it!,"Me and my girlfriend just got back from our trip in london. Everything was great apart from where we stayed. The first thing we were told when we got there was that we had been upgraded to a larger room but we had to 'not touch' the extra bed or else we would be charged! how crazy is that! It says on the internet that it has been recently refurbished and it has-by a cowboy who obviously doesn't know what he's doing. We had wires hanging from the ceiling doing nothing and patches that still needed painting in areas. The toilet waste pipe had a leak and just a bit of cloth had been wrapped around it to temporarily fix the problem. There was no microwave,fridge or alarm clock as stated on the room description,not that you needed an alarm clock as the builder still 'refurbishing'…",Date of stay: June 2012,1.0
