,link,hotel_name,review_headline,review,review_date,review_score
0,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or0-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",Worst hotel I've come across,"Booked a room for a week for my daughter for a course and when we went to check in the hall way had an old mattress against the bannister, the fire extinguishers were out of date, the smoke detectors were not working and the room was terrible with doors coming off the cupboards, the showers were dirty and when we spoke to the manager we were told we could have a refund if we did it through the website but I couldn't get a reply at all from them. DO NOT MAKE THE SAME MISTAKE WE MADE by booking here",Date of stay: March 2021,1.0
1,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or0-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",Awful and filthy,This is the most disgusting hotel I’ve ever seen. Filthy dirty with litter all around the front and side of the hotel. It has filthy dirty windows. I seriously wouldn’t want my worst enemy to spend a night at this hotel. I highly urge people not to stay in this filthy flea pit,Date of stay: May 2021,1.0
2,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or0-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",DO NOT STAY HERE!! ,"DO NOT USE THIS HOTEL!! This was by far my worst ever hotel experience. The hotel lobby, stairs and landing was very dirty and smelly. The room smelled of sewage and that was before the bathroom door was opened! The carpet was dirty and sticky and had clearly not been hovered or clean in some time! The bed was falling apart and was held together crudely using screws and the bed sheets were stained. Under the bed was lumps of dirt. The furniture was also very dirty, sticky and damaged. The curtain rail was hanging off the wall and the curtain was very dirty and didn't even cover the window. The windows didn't look like they had been cleaned ever! The smell in the bathroom was so bad I didn't even step foot in there but could see it was dirt and the toilet and mirror stained.  I left the room within 2 minutes after taking pictures and went back downstairs to reception. I explained the above and was met with them saying it was all they had so I asked for a refund..... It was fused as it was a none refundable booking!!  I left and went to another hotel and contacted booking.com, sending them the photos and too my suprise they would only compensate me £5!!!!!!!!  I will never used Booking.com again by allowing hotels in this condition to remain on site and doing very little to resolve. …",Date of stay: April 2021,1.0
3,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or0-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",Absolutely Disgusting!!!,"Can clearly see they don't value cleanliness I stayed in room G2 and it was an absolute state. draws missing was in the chest of draws, carpet coming of the floor and disgustingly dirty to the point I slept on bed fully clothed and didn't use duvet. would not recommend to anyone and will not be staying again ever!!",Date of stay: December 2019,1.0
4,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or0-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London","Olympia attempted to steal almost a $1000 from me, and refused to communicate","Before you book, you may wish to be aware that I booked this hotel last year through Hotels.com, with full, free cancellation right up to the week of the stay. Additionally, the listing said ""No money charged now, pay at the hotel in the local currency.""   I made the booking in October 2018, with the plan to stay in mid January 2019. Just a day or two after I made the full-cancellation booking in October, my plans changed and I promptly cancelled the booking. I never wait to do that. A couple weeks later, I discovered that the Olympia had charged almost $1000 to my credit card. I sent numerous messages to the hotel to get them to refund the charge but no one answered my emails. I then tried calling the hotel, and when I explained the problem, the person hung up on me.   I finally called Hotels.com and asked them what was going on. The person who helped me said it was likely just a ""hold"" on my card. I informed him that it was not; it had actually posted and debited from my card, and I owed that money on my next bill, and it had not been refunded, despite my attempts to contact the hotel.  The listing was also NOT supposed to charge me right then, but to pay at the hotel.  Hotels.com checked the listing and told me I was correct and I should not have been charged any money at all. They then had me hold while they attempted to contact the Olympia hotel. A few minutes later they came back on and told me they were unable to speak to anyone who could help. They advised that I wait a few days and check back. I waited a few days, called back and experienced the same thing. I then disputed the charge with Visa. Because I disputed the charge with Visa, Hotels.com then washed their hands of it and said that Visa would need to deal with it now.   Fortunately, Visa made the fraudulent charge go away immediately and that was that, but do beware before you give your financial details to this hotel, and be a bit careful with Hotels.com as well. The Hotels.com attendant agreed with me that I had been improperly charged, but they were not effective in fixing it. As of today, this hotel is still listed on their site.   The most unforgivable thing here is the lack of response and communication from the hotel. I understand that mistakes can happen, but when a hotel takes a thousand dollars of your money when it is not supposed to, does not refund it, and then refuses to respond to queries from you or Hotels.com, that begins to look like theft and fraud.  I never received any kind of acknowledgment or apology from this hotel.…",Date of stay: January 2019,1.0
5,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or5-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",Why The Price of the Olympia Hotel at Earl's Court Is So Cheap ?,"I had read so many unfavourable reviews from other travellers regarding Olympia Hotel at Earl's Court through several websites.   However, it was the cheapest one for twin ensuite room at Zone 1 & 2 in London.  Furthermore, it was only 3- 5 minutes walking from Earl's Court Station via Warwick Road.   In addition , bus no. 74 and C1 regularly passed the Warwick Road and Earl's Court Road, respectively to London and vice versa.   Thus, without further ado, I and my mother chose this hotel for our reminiscing trip in U.K.  Unfortunately, we found out the hard way that this hotel was not suitable at all for those who held that cleanliness was paramount.   Furthermore, from our observation, this hotel was also not suitable for senior citizens, business travellers , travellers with…",Date of stay: June 2019,2.0
6,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or5-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",AVOID THIS PLACE!!!!,"Affordable is one thing. Uninhabitable is another. 15m2 total for 4 people and baggage (the recommended size of an office workstation for 1 person) stained and chipped walls, flimsy furniture with water damage, broken shower, no towels on the first night. In need of a major overhaul. Way way short of what the website describes. Being peak summer we couldn’t find any alternative accommodation for all 4 of us so some of the family booked alternative accommodation at additional cost while some were forced to stay in this place. The whole experience nearly broke the family, the (presume) owners refused to provide a larger room or much assistance at all. Avoid this place unless you want to experience a communist era  prison cell.",Date of stay: July 2019,1.0
7,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or5-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",Absolutely shocking in every way.,"Awful place, not sure why it’s permitted to call itself a hotel. Viewed room after dragging 4 suitcases down stairs to basement “family” room. Very dirty, broken furniture, smelly, smears on walls, no AC, curtains falling off window (pavement level, view consisted of feet), no room for cases let alone 4 people. Bathroom soiled and in need of repair. Left. Refused to stay. Had to pay nonetheless. Didn’t care. Couldn’t leave quick enough, in tears, in a heatwave, took kids and found somewhere else. Don’t book unless you’re prepared for inadequate and unhealthy conditions. ",Date of stay: June 2019,1.0
8,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or5-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",Old hotel,"The hotel is very old and needs a lots of repair . The room is  small and the walls has a lot of marks of water, I didn’t like,  the room that they put us should be closed and retired. Just one positive point , the location is very good.",Date of stay: April 2019,2.0
9,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or5-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London","Dirty, uncomfortable. Never again.","Where do I start? Had I been able to find another room on a bank holiday I would have. Booking.com site states there is luggage storage. There isn't. There is a space in front of a cupboard in the lobby. The site also stats there is a lift. There isn't. I had to drag a 20kg suitcase up three flights of stairs to the top floor. The receptionist did offer to help, in her defence, but I didn't feel comfortable asking her to do it either. When I entered the room (303), the first thing I noticed was that the curtain pole had been hung on a sloping roof, which meant the curtain hung nearly 2ft away from the window, rendering it almost useless. The third floor fire door was wedged open and I was unable to move it. It became apparent that the room was not adequately clean. I could see…",Date of stay: May 2019,1.0
10,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or10-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",Still owning me money,"I booked a single room, with free cancellation. They charged me the amount of my stay in advance. I cancelled such reservation on 12 March; 2 months have gone, I've been in touch with Expedia (through which I booked the room) and the hotel itself, but I haven't received my money back yet. Baware before booking this place.",Date of stay: May 2019,1.0
11,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or10-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",Worst Hotel in London!,"Worst hotel in London!!! Dirty, run down, no customer service..  rooms are disgusting, stained pillows and matrices, drugs, dodgy electrics, TV broken, bed and wardrobes broken,l, tap broken, thick dust, window dont shut. Hotel should be shut down. Will be onto health and safety about this.",Date of stay: May 2019,1.0
12,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or10-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",Robbing BarStewards," Robbing Barstewards !  Don't even consider for a second booking this hotel or any hotel managed by Cromwell International for that matter, they're thieves!   I made a couple of room reservations through Hotels.com on the basis that the hotel would not be charging my credit card and only required the card information to guarantee the bookings. This was not the case, the hotel proceeded to charge my credit card more than £360 and at the time of writing this review, almost 5 weeks later, I'm still out of pocket.  I decided to cancel the rooms under the free cancellation policy as I found somewhere else better suited and half expected the money to then be refunded, it hasn't been.  I contacted Hotels.com who rang the hotel on my behalf but were told the person in charge of refunds…",Date of stay: March 2019,1.0
13,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or10-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",Very bad Hotel ,"First of all it’s not a 2 stars ... I would rate it less than -2 stars, rooms are so small , furniture worn out. Old style, and sooo dirty, the bed is filthy, and over all check out at 10 am , and it’s over priced, nearly €70 per night, I am attaching pictures to prove what I am saying. Please do your research for well known hotels. ",Date of stay: February 2019,1.0
14,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or10-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",WARNING! SCAM THROUGH BOOKING.COM!,"This is the first review where I have felt angry that I have had to allow an establishment one star as they really do not deserve to be running as a business, let alone be available through an excellent booking system. I am currently awaiting for a refund from this hotel who took the money on a 'no prepayment/free cancellation' policy as soon as I booked it. I am fuming! I have never had this happen, so I was my normal, courteous self and decided to give this hotel the benefit of the doubt and hoped booking.com had made an error, so I phoned them to ask about it and the lack of customer service was appalling. There was no apology and they claimed that this was in the policy. I clearly stated that I would never have booked a hotel where I would have to pay the full amount up full…",Date of stay: January 2019,1.0
15,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or15-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",(Just take a pillow...),Sometimes you have to stoop so low in life to know just how lucky you really are. This is truly one of those experiences. I don't know if the scaffold was there to Shaw up the walls that a nearby bomb from WW2 had fractured that had never been repaired but plastered over only to let the rot pour through or to stop the jumpers. But whatever I think it's a bargain at 45 quid. Just take a pillow.....They really are like pancakes and you only get one.,Date of stay: January 2019,1.0
16,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or15-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",Worst place ever,First of all it is cheap. But I would not stay there again. It is dirty and. Very very tight.  You rather take any other close them or sleep under a bridge. Cant find anything positive about this place.  EST thing is to have 10-15 pints before going to bed.,Date of stay: October 2018,1.0
17,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or15-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London","Avoid, if I could give it a 0 I would!!","As I lay here in this horrendously lumpy bed I wonder how I could have chosen a hotel so truly awful! Ok so the location is great, it is just a short walk from the tube station, you will pass some other hotels on your way, honestly look at booking any one of those instead. On a serious note I didn't expect much for my £59 and I had convinced myself it's just somewhere to sleep; that would be true if I was asleep, which I am not, because of the noise from the road through the single pane glass, or the heat (in october? It's cold outside but red hot in this room), or last but certainly not least the smell! Its dreadful and I can't quite tell whether it's coming from the shower in the bathroom or the mould running along the ceiling and down the walls... it's too late for me but…",Date of stay: October 2018,1.0
18,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or15-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London","Old, but clean.","The furniture and appliances in my room were old and falling apart.  On the plus side it was moderately clean, and very close to Earls court subway which was on the Piccadilly line.  It was just a place to lay my head and keep my valuables safe while I was out and about and it served the purpose.",Date of stay: October 2018,2.0
19,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or15-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",if only they have lift im going to give 5 stars,really a smartdeal price for a strategic place near earls court station in zone 1 and really near most the must see london site. it is small room but the bathroom water have hot water and good presure for toilet so there is nothing for me to complain. if u are a ligth travel with small luggage then this place would be heaven! but not me the heavy carrier.,Date of stay: October 2018,4.0
20,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or20-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London","I DID NOT GET THE ROOMi BOOKED ,DIRTY HOTEL","Using Agoda website , I stayed with my family in Olymbia hotel for two days  I was very unhappy with the service I received for several reasons:  1- I booked a family room for 2 adults and 2 children few days in advance, and I called 4 hours before checking in and I was told that my room was ready. When we reached the hotel at about 19:30 ,the receptionist informed us that there is no family room and that he did not know anything about our room from his colleague who covered the day shift .I asked to speak to the manager but they told me that this is not possible over the weekend . I talked to Agoda who were not helpful and offered 20 USD gift cards as a compensation for this mistake which I refused.  2- The receptionist told us that the next day we will get a family room and…",Date of stay: September 2018,1.0
21,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or20-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",Death trap,Arrived at this dump hoping the reviews weren’t as bad as they said x no it was worse x what a horrible rude woman the receptionist is who understands English when she wants to but can mumble and ignore you if she doesn’t like what you are saying x the room far to small for a double x shower room window facing a school was plane glass had to put a cover over window as toilet was right next to it x smoke alarm taped over x mug with large chip took them 3 days to change x bed springs sticking out and pillows like pancakes x carpets were filthy x I could go on but you get the idea x I’ve no idea who licences these places but I will find out and it definitely needs a visit from the fire brigade x take advice from all these previous reviews and go elsewhere x hubby booked this…,Date of stay: September 2018,1.0
22,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or20-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",Pleased,"Not a 5 star hotel BUT Good place for its price, we had a very pleasant stay. it was really quite on Saturday night as well, no outside noise from night life despite the popular location. Nice staff,  Would go back again.",Date of stay: September 2018,3.0
23,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or20-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",DO NOT STAY HERE,"This is the worst 'hotel' I've ever stayed in. Firstly their website states it's a bed and breakfast but they have no breakfast facilities. We checked in just after the rooms had been cleaned but the first thing we found in our room was a pair of socks on the floor. We put these outside the door and they were still there 4 days later. There were stains all over the walls, the toilet flush was half missing, the tiny room had no space and a broken drawer and a light that didn't turn on also it had plug sockets coming away from the wall. It was a really hot weekend the window barely opened and no fan was provided so it was unbearable to stay or sleep in the room.  The worst thing were the beds, you could feel EVERY spring, even through the extremely thin duvets. The pillows were so…",Date of stay: July 2018,1.0
24,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or20-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",Nice and clean with close links to Earls Court and Chelsea,Nice and clean - double bed and quality shower in wet room - amazing staff - cool air in summer - but noisy on a Saturday night - good deal on Agoda - close to Earls court u-tube station - and about a mile from London Olympia Tescos and other hotels - nice tex-mex restaurant in walking distance that did a kfc chicken wrap and a a couple of French fries and an orange drink for £4.99 - very very clean and cool,Date of stay: July 2018,5.0
25,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or25-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London","Poor, even if you have a good deal!","Despite the prices are usually lower than others hotels in London, I personally believe that it does not deserve a better qualification. The hotel is in an old house in a very good location, in the center of Earls Court, near underground, stores, restaurants and others facilities. If you are on a budget and do not care about the place you sleep, so it is your best choice.  The problem is the hotel itself. There is a small reception and the staff could be more helpful, although they were friendly, despite some of then even answer a good morning or good evening! The room are too small and with a regular bed and bathroom. The worst! A mattress so horrible that if you lie in a bed you could feel all the iron and wood below. Impossible to sleep well. No room for walking in the room…",Date of stay: July 2018,2.0
26,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or25-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",The worst hotel I've been to,"Hotel Olympia reviews Reviews 2.1	 Fair	 147 reviews on Google Couples 3.0 Families 2.5 Solo 3.1 All reviews Most relevant Newest Highest rating Lowest rating Maxim Ilushenkov Maxim Ilushenkov-EDIT1/5 just now on Google The worst hotel we've ever been to, absolute joke!  We got a basement flat, and when we arrived we saw the window was broken - it couldn't be closed - and the noise wity the cars was terrible, so our daughter couldn't sleep.  In the beginning the manager was only willing to bring the handyman in the morning, but after an hour and a half of arguing brought one that shut it in a way it couldn't be opened.  The next day, we had a stuffy room with no air. Again, handyman ""fixing"" it in a way it could be opened and closed, but only after two people played with it. …",Date of stay: July 2018,1.0
27,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or25-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",Worst hotel I’ve ever been to!,"The room did not look clean, the drain cover was missing from the bathroom floor and the electric sockets were hanging off the wall with wiring visible! .. I did not dare use the kettle or charge my phone! Only good thing was a decent sized shower with ok water pressure! 😬. Even for a budget hotel this was not a bargain! Glad I was only there for one night.",Date of stay: May 2018,1.0
28,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or25-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",Worst hotel experience ever in my life,"We stayed at hotel Olympia a week ago. It was one of the most horrifying rooms I have ever seen. Room was dirty and the ceiling had stains. It was beyond disgusting. The carpet needed hoovering...desperatly. The worst thing was the mattress. Below the white bed sheet, a brown-yellow stains of who knows what could be observed. Felt like this particular mattress was 100 years old. Bathroom was dirty and the sink had stains. The window could not be opened more than few inches and there was no air condition so it was beyond hot. As I said, worst experience ever, do not bother staying there, the street seemed more cozy. ",Date of stay: May 2018,1.0
29,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or25-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",Awful hotel,"Stayed at the Olympia on an overnight stay. One night was enough,room was musky,tv didn't work,pillars were thinner than a slice of bread. I could go on. Ok,it was a budget hotel but this still wasn't value for money. It was a decent shower you just had to be careful you didn't scald yourself.",Date of stay: April 2018,1.0
30,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or30-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",One week in the capital,"The hotel was fine,third floor room no lift,the room contained a double bed,tv,kettle,wardrobe, set of drawers, the room was carpeted, the bathroom, shower,toilet washbasin,no safe,the WiFi was OK and without any further payments, the remote for the tv was already in the room,no deposits. I stayed there from the first to the eighth of February, for seven nights single occupation I paid £229 it was a deal with booking.com The hotel was warm and only three minutes walk from the tube station in Earl's court,the reception was 24 hours.",Date of stay: February 2018,4.0
31,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or30-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",Please don’t go!!!,"Omg what to say. Positives about the place - it’s s hotel  Negatives - place smells, beds disgusting, noise from outside makes the place terrible. After the first night couldn’t bare the thought of a second night so cancelled, lost our money but got out of there which is exactly what you all should do!!!!",Date of stay: October 2017,1.0
32,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or30-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",Londons new live like a squatter attraction,"An absolutely discusting place to stay, the beds are broken, the room I stayed in was a death trap. No covers over the light fittings with bulbs exposed. In the summer the room was so stifling that it was probably cooler outside in the midday sun. The loo seat was the wrong one for the loo the window latch was broken and the window frames rotted out, so not good for young children the carpets looked like they were last cleaned 10 years ago. The bed I was in clasped at midnight with no other option but to sleep on the floor as the handy man was not able to be reached  at one am probably because he was asleep in a bed fit for purpose. I kid you not the hotel wanted to call the handy man out at one am to try fix the bed. Refused a refund, saying i had broken the bed when you can…",Date of stay: June 2017,1.0
33,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or30-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",In Need of More Than TLC ...........,"This is the worst hotel I have ever stayed in bar none!   The curtains were hanging off the curtain pole, the room was barely big enough for a double bed and the mattress must have seen better days over ten years ago!!!   The bathroom was dingy and fairly squalid, made worse by the filthy net curtain at the bathroom window.  The bathroom door couldn't be fully opened as the bed was obstructing it.  The lighting was a joy to behold - NOT!  It was the type you'd expect to see in a warehouse.  The strip light behind the bed didn't work.  Even the reception staff had no redeeming features and communicated with a complete lack of charm!  It's a shame, because the location is ideal, with the Tube on the doorstep and lovely restaurants in he area.  I can highly recommend Orjowan, a…",Date of stay: September 2017,1.0
34,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or30-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",Less than average,"Very basic, dated, old and tatty carpets, small rooms, only one mug n a double room... I can't even say it was satisfactory accommodation. On the other hand, it was conveniently located for what I wanted to visit in London and the receptionist was very helpful for giving guidance on how to get around.",Date of stay: September 2017,3.0
35,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or35-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",Not a great hotel.,"Broken and cracked window, hard and thin bed, there were three kinds of carpet on the floor, the door to the bathroom couldn't open fully because of the bed; all in all, not a great experience.  The ladies preparing the English Breakfast barely could speak English as we often got something else than what we ordered. The good thing was that it was very close to the tube. We do think there was a hospital nearby as we heard ambulances often.",Date of stay: September 2016,2.0
36,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or35-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",Horrible Place,"We booked here a for a last minute break as it was central and the cheapest room we could find with private bathroom.  The hotel is really well located, a stone's throw from the tube and a really good base for visiting London.  However, it is on a really busy corner only half a mile from the nearest hospital so it's impossible to sleep.  If you close the windows it's stifling hot, if you open them the noise is horrendous.  We stayed in a tiny double bedroom.  One curtain that was barely wide enough to cover the window.  The bed was falling to bits, but they had kindly left us the allan key so we could tighten up the screws!  The wardrobe looked as if it was about to fall over.  The shower was leaking so badly there was a damp patch on the ceiling above it.  The staff…",Date of stay: August 2017,1.0
37,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or35-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",Worst place ever ,"My daughter and stayed 5 nights, room was disgusting, walls were dirty and had so much mauld on them, the shower bracket was broken, only 2 draws out of  weren't broken, the carpet had stains on,  the curtains stunk,  we had to keep asking for milk to make tea, the net curtains were stained with mauld, they never changed our bed linen, my daughter was cover in BED BUG BITES on the 1st night and they got worse, when it was time for us to leave no one was on reception, how convenient ... OMG I could go on and on,  all I can say that's good is the underground is very close.. Do not stay here... ",Date of stay: August 2017,1.0
38,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or35-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",Not nice,"Worse place I've ever stayed. 3 rooms in 24 hours. 1st one was in the basement with a padlocked outer door and window with bars on, was in there less than a minute. 2nd on same floor as reception, did have a window tht opened but very small, bathroom door hit bed everything it was opened, bed uncomfortable, thin pillow, asked for extra but don't have them. Next day saw the room adjacent from this one. It looked bigger had 2 windows and seemed nice and airey. We moved into that one. Uncomfortable bed again, no light in bathroom, drawers broken, 3 out of 7 were usable, kettle turned itself on and off when it wanted, extentions hanging from wall and generally grubby. Location was good. ",Date of stay: August 2017,1.0
39,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or35-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",Mrs,"This place is the worst place we have ever been to, someone must do something about this place, it can't be rated, we visited going to a coffee show, we had a double bed and a single bed in a tiny room, a kettle plugged in an extension going across in front of the bathroom door, a hairdryer hanging on a nail over the sink, no fan and it was baking hot, you opened the window and it was bars looking into the pavement, an animal could have jumped in, we were in a basement, horrendous that's all I can say !!!!! This wouldn't send unless I rated it but I didn't even want to give it a 1 !!!!",Date of stay: June 2017,1.0
40,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or40-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",Worst hotel ever!,I paid for 2 nights but I could spent just one as I was forced to call a taxi to run away from this place during the night! The first night I discovered that my room was full of bedbugs so I went to the reception and ask them to change my room. They replied they were fully booked so they couldn't do anything and just gave me a new pair of bedlinen. It was already 2am so I went back in my room and after changing (myself) the bed linen I spent all night awake as I was too disgusted to sleep. The following morning I obtained another room but again in the evening I noticed bedbugs walking on the closet so I packed all my stuff and complained with the reception!I asked them to call me a taxi but they they didn't even bother to pay for it so I was charged 20£ and forced to be hosted…,Date of stay: September 2016,1.0
41,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or40-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",Disgusting Hotel,"We knew when we booked it, that the hotel would be minimal but i could not get over how disgustingly dirty and unkept the whole place was. We stayed in room 205, as soon as we walked in - the room SMELT, there was mold on the walls, bed, ceiling and bathroom, the bed sheets were stained with blood etc, the tap on the sink would literally fall off when you turned it on, the window leaked SO badly that it drenched the bed nearest to it.. all in all, it was gross and filthy.",Date of stay: July 2017,1.0
42,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or40-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",In Dire Need of Cleaning & Upgrades,"Only stay here if proximity to the Tube is more important than safety, comfort, cleanliness, and the general well-being of your soul. This hotel needs a deep cleaning, especially the disgusting carpet and windows. Mattress was very uncomfortable and pillows were thin and basically useless. Employees were inattentive and unprofessional. The only bonus to staying here was the Italian restaurant within walking distance (La Pappardella), where I attempted to get drunk enough to forget where I was staying for the night. Spend the extra money and go somewhere else.",Date of stay: July 2017,1.0
43,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or40-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",Filthy and disgusting,"Stayed here for 2 nights.When we walked in the room the first thing we saw was the damp walls and there was no air con in the room which made me drip with sweat withing about 2 minutes.the toilet was squint,room was filthy and mattress was black and very uncomfortable.The pillow was paper thong den I asked for another pillow they said they don't have any spare.Overall it's filthy ",Date of stay: June 2017,1.0
44,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or40-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",The worst hotel I've ever been in my life,"I found this hotel on booking and I decided to book it for its good position. But when I arrived I discovered that the room was in the basement (I travelled with little kids, so it was not very nice for them sleeping in the basement) and the room was very small with one broken bed. I asked for a change, but the reception told me there was no rooms available. The following day from 8 a.m to 11 a.m there was no one in the reception and the cleaning woman wasn't able to speak english. I had to get my key by entering the reception secretly! The bathroom was very small and the sink was a disaster. As I opened it, water sprayed on me, wetting my new clothes. The last day I got some visitors in my room. Little ants were walking around the room, trying to enter in my luggages (they were…",Date of stay: June 2017,1.0
45,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or45-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",Probaly worst hotel?,"Beds were horrible, bathroom didn't have a proper ventilation (nice smell) and all of the furniture were broken. Price was okay but compared to other cities it was ridiciously expensive. Only good thing that i'll have to mention was its location",Date of stay: September 2016,1.0
46,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or45-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",Cresciolino,"Difect:No lift,moquette is dirty,very poor.don't speak italian.no shampoo no TV sat, no minifrigo, no breakfast Three are very insaned air insider, no Windows in the stairs. Positive:is Well Aired,three Windows in the roof.the room is 10 mt square.no a Little room in the Middle of the hotel in london.",Date of stay: May 2017,2.0
47,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or45-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",Awful.,"Worst hotel I've ever been to. Miserable, unfriendly staff. Broken kettle, leaking bathroom ceiling, one flat pillow to sleep on, filthy Windows that haven't seen a cloth since the jubilee, weak wifi only available  be in a small area of the room, no spare chair to sit on or mirror in bed room.  I know it's a cheapish hotel, but it's just nasty. Don't go there.",Date of stay: March 2017,1.0
48,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or45-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",Awful hotel ,"The only good thing about this hotel was the woman on reception who checked us in. She was very friendly and helpful. The room was dirty, it had blood on the wall, the lights didn't work, the mattress was stained yellow and when I told the manager this he just said he'd make a note of it! Also he was arguing with another guest at 11pm outside our room and she had concerns about someone had been in her room while she was out. I would not recommend this hotel to anyone. ",Date of stay: March 2017,1.0
49,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or45-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",Stay away from here !!!,"I booked this hotel for my son and his dad for 2 nights. Total cost £190 which inclouded breakfast.  The room on arrival was disgusting. There was mould on the walls, the room smelt of rorren egg, the bed was dirty with hairs in it. The milk for coffee was 7 months out of date and fell out the pot like yogurt.  The enquire was mouldy, there were electrical wires hanging from the strip light into the shower cubicle,  the basin tap was hanging off and it was overall just filthy.  There was no breakfast included and a refund was offered but not received.  Please DO NOT stay here ever. It's dangerous,  hazardous and disgusting.  Keep well away !!!",Date of stay: March 2017,1.0
50,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or50-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",Don't do it to yourself!!,"This has to be the worse place I have ever stayed. Me and my husband lasted one night out of the 3 we where suppose to stay. The next day we booked into another hotel. The room was around a million degrees and no way of turning the heating down as the radiator was broken, the window was also broken and with it being on a busy main road this was not ideal. Pretty much everything was broken in the room really, the light on the ceiling rattled when people walked around upstairs which was just lovely first thing in the morning. I wish I had just paid a bit more originally and booked somewhere else",Date of stay: March 2017,1.0
51,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or50-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",Inexpensive,"The room was small - not a surprise.  The shower head was held on by tape - not so great.  The guy when I checked in was delightful - his name was Pepe.  The heat had also been left on full blast so it was like a sauna.  (They had to get someone in to turn it down.) The cleaning lady apparently slammed the nightstand up against the wall - breaking the cover to my new retractable USB cable.  I came back to find it in two pieces.  When I checked out, there was no place to leave my bag while I went for breakfast and the guy at the desk was completely disinterested in being helpful.  I've stayed at inexpensive hotels all over Europe so I don't have overly-high expectations but I wouldn't stay here again.  The location is wonderful - but you can find much nicer places nearby for…",Date of stay: February 2017,3.0
52,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or50-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London","This is a ""flophouse"" not a hotel.","I have traveled about 3 million miles in my life, to about 50 different countries.  I have stayed in more hotels than I can count.   The ""Hotel Olympia"" is one of the worst ""hotels"" that I have ever stayed in.  I would have canceled my booking, but I booked it on one of those websites that do not allow for cancellations.     The ""Hotel Olympia"" is a FLOPHOUSE, not a hotel.   The small, cramped rooms are dirty and not well-maintained or repaired.   The staff does not care about the comfort of the guests.  The building itself is run-down and falling apart.  We paid for ""breakfast"" but there was no food at all.   If you have to open the windows for fresh air, the loud road noise will give you no peace.     Do yourself a favor and spend a bit more cash to stay at a real hotel.",Date of stay: February 2017,1.0
53,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or50-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",Cheapest in the area,"What I liked about this hotel:  Location, price, the en-suite rooms. A lot of drawers to put my stuff in, an electric kettle and tea bags, clean towel and sheets, no bed bugs. The room was really warm. The water pressure in the shower was good. Really nice staff.   General information (it didn't influence my overall rating because this is what you expect for this price):  Really small room (the bed took all the room basically), the room had a small TV, which was properly working. The wifi internet was sometimes slow, but generally working. The noise level ok, I could sleep fine. It was good actually that you could open the window to get fresh air. And yes, the furniture and the carpet were not new.   What I think could be improved: The shower was broken and fixed with tape…",Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
54,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or50-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",My Mums Worse nightmare,So we got to the hotel the women their was nice and then we get to the room it was damp it also smelled the bedding was stained and the plugs were not safe my phone nerly exploded.now its a round 12 at night and somone starts trying to get in our room and they keep shaking the door handle and then he starts saying 'im gonna get yeah' and that was going on for about 40 minutes and me and my mum  was realy scared crying and every thing we didnt get any sleep and in the morning we went  down to reseption and asked for a refund but they wouldn't my mum was still crying in the morning  and we called my brother and he came strate down and i was at reception crying and beeling out to say to them to give us a refund  and they said that they would check the camera's but on the outside of…,Date of stay: October 2016,1.0
55,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or55-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",Average stay,"Even though the comments were disappointed, booked a room at the hotel because of its location.walking distance from the tube and if you like walking to harrods-30 minutes. The room was too small for two people, no chair to sit on, approx. 8 sq.m.. Reception staff does not even know the basic information. If you come first time in London do not go there. However, the room was cleaned every day. ",Date of stay: October 2016,3.0
56,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or55-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London","Cheap, but still not a great place to stay.","The ""hotel"" was in a good location near local shops, restaurants and the tube line. However, the room was very small and tired looking (with the exception of the bathroom which was quite fresh). Our window was held together with tape, and being single glazed, we could hear the street traffic very clearly. There were a number of other broken things in our room, which again made the overall impression of the room a pretty negative one. It was cheap however, which is what we were after primarily. The staff were friendly too. This hotel is budget, so beware of what that really entails when you book it!",Date of stay: July 2016,2.0
57,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or55-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London","Good budget hotel, excellent location","I was very happy with this hotel. The rooms are small and basic but very clean and well maintained. Our bathroom had been completely renovated. The hotel is located in a quiet street in Earl's Court in the Chelsea área, and is only a short walk away from the Earl's Court tube station. There are plenty of pubs and restaurants nearby. Breakfast is good value for your money. Would definitely recommend this hotel!",Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
58,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or55-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",Basically a bed and breakfast,"This was a really nice place to stay for a few nights, the staff were lovely.  It was basically a simple bed and breakfast, but that's not bad for the price. It's also in a fantastic spot, you can just walk to the underground quickly and Kensington gardens isn't very far either.",Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
59,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or55-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",Stay clear - only £79 but there is a reason for that!,"Awful The rooms are £79 rooms, and the bed to match. All to be expected. But the breakfast...OMG! Rude staff. And the cooked breakfast - apart from eggs cooked there and then - stone cold. Not talking warm. Talking cold. Then when I complained, very huffy, then...both went in the microwave!!! Cooked eggs and all. Left all of it...awful - stay clear",Date of stay: October 2016,1.0
60,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or60-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",Perfect for a short stay,"Great deal: acceptable price and amazing neighbourhood. Very calm, quiet at night, very close to earl's court underground station - that lets you get anywhere in London easily. A lot of bus stops in close proximity, a M&S store and lots of interesting restaurants, pubs and fast food places just a few steps away from the hotel.  The quality of the room not great, bathroom could be cleaner, windows didn't close and the room was tiny: only a big bed and literally no place to put luggage. Still, everything is easy to forget looking at the low price and great localisation. There was no problem with wi-fi.",Date of stay: September 2016,3.0
61,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or60-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",Location is the best thing ," We stayed for 2 nights in room G4. The room had everything you would expect in a hotel of this rating and the price you pay to stay there. People criticising things like the size of the TV, or the brand of the tea/coffee should maybe consider staying somewhere a bit more upmarket if you are wanting higher quality luxuries. Same with the towels, I've never known a hotel provide big towels so I always pack my own.  The room was clean, and the double bed was definitely bigger than a standard size double. There were only 2 pillows, but I went to reception and asked for another and it was brought to our room within 5 minutes.  The shower was excellent, especially to cool down because the weather was so hot. The hot weather did make the room uncomfortable, but that is no fault of the…",Date of stay: September 2016,2.0
62,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or60-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London","Basic, budget. If you need a bed this will do..","So i'll just say to start with i've been in alot of hotels but usually on budget with basic bed for the night. It isn't the worst as the bed was clean and fresh but travel lodges/premier inns have been better.  Location: For my event i was attending this was close by, it was in an amazing built up area with lovely housing,cars,clean street...then you approach a run down looking hotel with scaffolding and this is it.  A lick of paint would make it look so much better  Check in: Me and my partner did arrive very early in the morning and tried to check in early (about 11) knowing that it probably wasn't possible but maybe they would let us in at an earlier time than 2 as we had been travelling so long and were exhausted. We got told abruptly by the current receptionist that we…",Date of stay: August 2016,3.0
63,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or60-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",Cracking value in a great location,The rooms in the hotel were fairly basic but given the location we were in for the Royal Albert Hall this one is a winner. Room was functional with all the stuff we needed for an overnight stay. There was a bit traffic overnight but its London so thats a given anywhere really. Would definately stay again if i needed somewhere overnight in this end of London.  We paid £50 for a twin room and that was amazing. Given everything its probably worth a bit more.,Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
64,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or60-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London","+tive: excellent position, nice staff, not so bad room; -tive: noisy","First of all, not as bad as many would suggest, you get what you pay. The hotel façade is almost frightening, there's no denying it, it could do with some maintenance. Walking from earl's court tube station you see nice white georgian town houses and the sudden view of the hotel is undoubtely shocking. However, once inside the room, I must tell it's exactly how I would expect a low budget hotel room to be (I stayed in a double room) . The bed sheets were clean, towels changed every day. Nice, clean, spacious bathroom (the washbasin is very short, though, but, again, we were budget travellers so couldn't care less). The bed was comfortable. Fortunately, no bedbugs nor mice, nor any other kind of pests, but this was our experience. So far so good, now the downsides. Being an old…",Date of stay: August 2016,3.0
65,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or65-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London","Not a hotel, but a hostel","This is a VERY basic 'hotel'. The room was cramped and the fittings shabby. there were loose wires and plug sockets. The shower drain was totally blocked and resulted in black water flooding the room. Very difficult to contact the hotel , to get the problem resolved. I would not recommend this hotel.",Date of stay: June 2016,1.0
66,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or65-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",Worst hotel ever.,"Had to get this as a last-minute hotel, think i would have preferred camping on the street. check in is an absurd 3PM, though they let me in my room early as it was ""ready"". furniture looked like it was put together by a blind guy, bottom drawer was missing, no TV. when i went to shower, the soap tray was missing, the shower head fixing was broked and had been put back on literally a foot from the ceiling for some bizarre reason, and looking up at it i saw the whole ceiling was covered in black mould. i immediately went to the fly-infested lobby and demanded a change. the girl tried to claim i'd ""already used the rooM"" but eventually got me one on the 2dn floor. no mould but again, missing sop trays and lopsided, ill-fitting furniture. there was a TV, but it was about 16""…",Date of stay: July 2016,1.0
67,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or65-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",Small and noisy,Me and my wife stayed here for 3 nights. The room was small and sins it was hot we had to keep the windows open. The noise from the trafic was loud. But it was a perfectly sitsuaded. Not fare from the tube. The staff was friendly. It was cheap. Perfect for a budget holiday.,Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
68,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or65-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",shockingingly bad,"Upon viewing it from outside I thought why didn't we check this on trip advisor before we booked! Hotel looks very dreary from outside and is matched inside. Very busy 3 lane one way street right outside the front. The room was dark, grotty and small. The matttress was tired but at least the sheets were clean. Only 2 very small towels supplied for the bathroom, We had the luxury of the room on the 1st floor to the front, This was incredibly noisy from traffic 24/7. We could not sleep with the window open and when it was close the room was unbearably hot. Breakfast......I really wouldn't if I were you.  Near to the tube but at what price?  At over £80 a night I cannot see how this hotel is still open. I suppose mugs like me who do not check on here before rushing into booking.",Date of stay: July 2016,1.0
69,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or65-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",Grumpasaurus,"Checked into this hotel for a one night stay having low expectations, but didnt pay a lot and it was close to Hyde Park where we were going to a concert.  Arrived at 10am, room not ready until 2 but we were told we could leave our bags so this was fine.   On the approach to this hotel our heart sank, it is as grotty on the outside as every review says, but again this wouldnt be a problem if the inside was OK......which it wasn't!!  When we arrived back at the hotel, post concert, we thought we would watch TV for an hour, charge our dead phones and review our pictures from the day.......but alas there was no electricity. My friend had to go down to reception in her grumpasaurus pyjamas and inform them. To be fair they did sort this out straight away by following her back up the…",Date of stay: July 2016,1.0
70,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or70-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",Hotel not to visit anymore,That was worst hotel for long. long. long time where I have visit. Really small room. We did ask nice quiet room for our stay and did get room G3. beside busy street. Very noisy and restless...  in 3rd day in our visit we did meet staff who did understand English... I know my pronousing if far away from perfect BUT....   Don't drop anything under bed... you don't know what might attack on you while try to find it.   I has great location beside buss stop (50m) and Underground (200m) but almost only positive thing what I can think about this hotel.  Maybe we did have only room where slow Wi-Fi was working...   Hotels.com has too good reviews about this hotel much too good comparing reality.,Date of stay: July 2016,1.0
71,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or70-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",Bad experience in London...,"I don’t know where to begin… 3 star hotel? Yeah right! Max – 2. Staff not so helpful, main reason is because they hardly could speak any English, which was odd since it is London, England… Room was small, bed uncomfortable, furniture – old. Free Wi-Fi is only in the hall, - it doesn’t get further than that. And that’s not all! Bathroom, windows and the lower part of the wall around the bed are covered in mold!!! Only good thing about this hotel was that it is quite close to the metro station. So basically you pay just for the location, nothing more. I do not recommend this hotel!!!",Date of stay: June 2016,1.0
72,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or70-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",Hotel Review,"The hotel was nothing like as advertised on Booking.com.  Firstly 3 flights of stairs NO LIFT, and when advised of health issues they appear not to be interested.  Room booked for 3 people was very cramped, and there was not enough hanging space.  There was no toaster available, and the only good thing I can say is that it was very close to the tube, no more than a 4 minute walk.  Would definately NOT BE RECOMMENDING THIS PROPERTY TO ANYONE GOING TO LONDON.",Date of stay: June 2016,2.0
73,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or70-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",Customer Service and location are 5-star,"My cousin and I stayed in this hotel for 3 days (June 2016), our room is at the 3rd floor ( I think room 205). The cons are only 2; no elevator and poor internet connection from our room. What I like about the hotel is their staff. My cousin and I hang out at the lobby with our tablets and cellphones for more than an hour every night and the staff were very friendly and accommodating. They apologized for the inconvenience that we do not have great internet reception to our room, but customer service wise, they have exceeded my expectations. The location is GREAT! About 3 minutes walk and you're at the train station ""District Line"" which is the center train line to connect to almost everywhere. I shared some of my photos I took at Windsor Castle with one of the staff and she…",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
74,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or70-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",Not a Pleasant experienc,"I had booked this hotel  for five nights early in the year as it was near to the tube and I wanted to see the Queens birthday celebrations. On arrival we were given the key to our room. It was the wrong room  it was already occupied. The receptionist then showed us to our twin bedded room which should only have been a single . You could only get between the beds by moving sideways. The plug where the kettle was loose on the wall. The TV was old and did not work it took four days for them to sort it. There was no tube in the light over the bed so had to use torch. Paint peeling from the ceiling, mould on the window and curtains not hung properly.. No base in bottom draw of chest.. No plug in wash basin and very stagnant smell coming from the drain in the floor of the shower room…",Date of stay: June 2016,1.0
75,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or75-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London","Good Location, Bad Hotel","As I was walking down the street I saw amazing houses only to arrive to an old run down looking house. I walked inside and it was so small cluttered already. The receptionist, as there only seems to be three, was very rude. She gave me my key after telling me my reservation was cancelled and then finding it (go figure). I went to my room, opened the door and it was so small, the door wouldn't even fully open. The shower head was broken, my TV did not work, the bed was against my dressers so I could not even put my clothes away. The bed was comfortable but after one day, I stayed three, I was sitting on my bed and a MOUSE, a mouse, was crawling around on the floor. The man was very confused and I got upgraded to a room on the third floor. I was promised wifi in the rooms on the…",Date of stay: June 2016,1.0
76,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or75-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London","Location Is Great, The Rest... Not So Much","The location of this hotel is the main plus point, round the corner from Earl's Court Tube Station.   I would say the other plus point was the shower, which was clean and had good power, and the place had free Wifi.  The staff are not great, they seem like they genuinely could not care less if you were staying there or not. You can leave your bags with them after check out but when we arrived all the guest bags were just out on the floor by reception so didn't seem wise to leave them there.  We were in the basement room, and though there were windows the windowsill etc had not been cleaned in a long time, so opening the window sprinkled dirt and dust over the bed. There was another bathroom and kitchen where breakfast was served on our corridor, but after a day we were woken up…",Date of stay: May 2016,2.0
77,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or75-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",Disgusting!,"I know it was a budget hotel, but apart from the clean sheets, I can't find anything good to say about it! Plugs hanging off the wall, cramped, and we couldn't even have a shower as there was something disgusting in the bottom of it!💩 We couldn't even bring ourselves to eat the free breakfast in the morning ... Just needed to get out of there! 😷",Date of stay: March 2016,1.0
78,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or75-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",Not that bad!,"Very small room, not very well maintained, TV not working, shower holder broken BUT clean sheets, comfortable bed, ensuite bathroom with plenty of hot water, all at a decent price in a fantastic area of central London. Friendly staff too. I expected much worse after reading many of the reviews on here. Maybe some of the rooms are worse than the one I was in, but for the price I was certainly happy enough.",Date of stay: May 2016,3.0
79,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or75-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",simply but available,Location is very good. The underground is only 3 minutes from the hotel. The staff were very friendly. There were some good place for have a breakfast near the hotel. The room was uncomfortable and the pillow was too hard to sleep well. ,Date of stay: May 2016,3.0
80,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or80-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",Great room for the price!,"Had a nice time in this hotel its 2 minute walk from tube station. Room was big and had nice bathroom - shower was great! I have stayed in other hotels in this area & price range and this hotel was MILES better! We arrived at 1pm and couldnt go to our room until 2pm even though we were told our room was ready! it was raining so we had to sit in ""lobby"" for an hour. You can leave you suitcase in hotel if you get there early or leaving late but bags are just left in lobby and not very well watched!",Date of stay: April 2016,3.0
81,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or80-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",Nothing special,"We stayed there for 2 days .  the position is pretty good,very closed to the tube station. The reception s girls are not nice at all. I asked for a plug (i forgot mine) they said they didnt have any. They gave our keys to other people and during the night someone walked into our room because at the reception made a mistake..",Date of stay: April 2016,2.0
82,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or80-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",I wouldn't call it a hotel,I stayed in Hotel Olympia for 3 nights and was shocked at the state of the hotel. As we walked from Earl's court station to the hotel (about 4 mins) you could see lovely buildings and the area seemed lovely but then we spotted the run down hotel just at the end of the road. The reception area was adequate and the receptionist was polite on our arrival. Our room was located on the first floor and there were many things wrong with it. It was a tiny room that would suit a single bed instead of trying to squash a double bed into it. The bathroom door didn't open fully as a result of having a double bed in the room. The interior was dated and run down. The bed squeaked with the slightest of touches and I was almost afraid to sit on in in case it broke. The curtains were barely…,Date of stay: March 2016,2.0
83,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or80-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",A well positioned hotel for my purposes,"I had decided to attend Chelsea FCs Champions League match away at Paris St Germain. However, the coach was due to leave at 3am, which was an impractical time for me to travel from home. So, instead of going home from work the previous evening I booked into the Hotel Olympia. It was relatively cheap and only a short walk from Stamford Bridge. The Reception was 24 hour, which meant I was able to get some sleep, have a shower and then leave at 2.15am in the morning. The staff were friendly and helpful. The room was a bit small, but seemed pretty clean, as did the bathroom. I managed to get a some sleep ahead of the journey.",Date of stay: February 2016,3.0
84,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or80-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",Ok for what we needed but wouldn't necessarily return,"I booked this hotel purely for the price and location as I was going to a convention that I knew would cost a fortune! Having read other reviews I was slightly dreading it but for literally a place to sleep it did the job. The bed was comfy and despite having a room next to the road, we slept well. The staff were all friendly and helpful. On the downside, the room was small and if you were staying longer than a weekend you may struggle to get all clothes etc in. Also the decor badly needs updating. The walls in our room were covered in damp/ mould and the curtains didn't match. We didn't have breakfast (at an additional cost of £5.99 per person) so I can't comment on that. Overall it's a good hotel if you just want a cheap crash pad next to a tube station but for other purposes…",Date of stay: February 2016,3.0
85,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or85-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London","Dirty, Run Down, Dated","Wouldn't advise anyone to stay at Hotel Olympia.  The walls were absolutely filthy.  The curtain was hanging off, as was the window.  I was very shocked to find that the hairdryer was actually situated above the bathroom sink, and could easily reach both the sink and the shower.  When we asked for more pillows the receptionist said she couldn't access the cleaning room to find us any.  The complimentary drinks were undrinkable.  We paid 114 pounds for two nights.   We met up with another family that had also booked to stay the weekend, who actually refused to stay there and moved to another hotel.  They were refused a refund as they had pre-booked their stay.  They moved anyway !",Date of stay: February 2016,1.0
86,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or85-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",Do not stay here!!!!!!,"I wish I had got my money back I wouldn't pay £1 to stay here ,  And if your reading my review thinking it can't be that bad then try for yourself but you will regret it!  Bad points of my trip: The smell The stains The noise The dirty The egg shells in the gutter outside my window The window full of water And many more I feel sick thinking about it",Date of stay: August 2015,1.0
87,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or85-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London","This ""hotel"" should be condemned!! ","I booked here for a short honeymoon break for my daughter & family! Did not stay as they were put in a basement with 2 small children. The wiring was dangerous, there were awful stains on bedding, walls and carpet! The kettle was perched dangerously on a tiny shelf and bathroom was disgusting! ",Date of stay: September 2015,2.0
88,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or85-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",You get what you pay for... and nothing more,"As the title suggests this hotel is not what you would call ""nice"" but it is very close to stamford bridge and so we chose this one. The rooms were very small, and you couldn't move about inside, but we didn't spend much time in the hotel (2300-0900) basically just to sleep and shower. We paid just under 160 € for 4 nights (2 persons). The bathroom was the best feature of the room because the beds were squeaky and moved about. But at least the sheets and linen were cleaned everyday so that's a plus .... but I wouldn't recommend it to anyone else... and even if in the near future we have to go again to see a match or two we will choose another hotel in the vicinity.",Date of stay: January 2016,2.0
89,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or85-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",Do not stay here,"Room had stains and chips all over then walls. Sheets were dirty and had hairs all over them. The shower was broken as was the tv ,only sound came out of it. Would not go back if you have any standards do not stay here!! Terrible nights stay. Even though it was cheap it wasn't worth what I paid.",Date of stay: January 2016,1.0
90,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or90-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",£33 for a twin room in London ,Well it was clean and the girl on reception was friendly and it was £16.50pp for somewhere to sleep after going to Stamford Bridge. Unfortunately the bed was really uncomfortable and there is lots of external noise. Basically you get what you pay for but I don't think I'd stay again. ,Date of stay: January 2016,1.0
91,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or90-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",Location!  Location!  Location!,Friendly & helpful staff. Room a bit small and old but love the location - 3 mins walk to the train station. The TV was not working for our 3days 2 nights stay there. Complaint made but was still not attended to when we checked out. No wifi in the room. Wifi only available at the lobby on ground floor. Toilet is very clean. Will still stay back in the same hotel for my next visit to London. Will recommed this hotel to people who don't mind a small room but with friendly hotel staff and excellent location!,Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
92,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or90-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",Cheap and cheerful,Well i booked sumwhere cheap for my 14yr old daughter and myself to stay whilst in london. Had ensuite which was good but room very small. Mattresses not great. But for 3 nights for just under £140 for 2 of us i guess it was ok. We opted not to have breakfast as £5.99 each morning. Lady on reception not english but so nice and helpful. We had never dun london buses before and i noticed a bus stop from our bedroom window. I asked her if we could get into the west end from here and she told us bus numbers and where we had to change to get another bus number. Brilliant. And because of this we will definately do the buses again as my daughter not keen on the underground. ,Date of stay: December 2015,3.0
93,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or90-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",Never again,"we booked in last minute and we quite taken with its reviews. the outside of the hotel is very beaten down with the paint crumbling off the walls when you get inside it definitely needs updating. we were put in a first floor room, which was boiling and dirty. behind the bed on the wall were handprints from previous occupants of the room. we could hear everything from the rooms either side of us and the window was held on by duct tape, which helped to make the noise from the road even worse as It couldn't be blocked out. the bathroom was nice and looked as though it had recently been renovated however the door was coming away from the frame which is not at all safe. it also flooded the floor when you had a shower. Far too many things wrong with the hotel and I will not book again…",Date of stay: September 2015,2.0
94,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or90-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",budget heaven,"what can i say, for the price you can't go wrong. Friendly staff ,clean room, clean sheets, good shower , and we are booking again in october this year. we will be staying longer this time, as it;s a good location for hitting central london, just need to recharge our oyster cards and we will be good to go. so guys see you in october  regards john",Date of stay: September 2015,5.0
95,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or95-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",You get what you pay for ,"For a very cheap booking, the hotel isn't exactly going to be high end. It was basic, and I think the price we paid reflected that. The location was great for us, as it was a minute walk away from the underground and if you carry walking along the main road the hotel is pretty much on, there are several shops and fast food restaurants that were open until late. The hotel room had a television, clean sheets, and decent bathroom and with apt facilities. Being at the back end of the hotel facing the back garden as opposed to the main road, we faced no noise issues. The main negative aspects were probably the damp that was clearly thriving in the corner of the room, and the windows being abit mucky. If you're staying in London on a budget, it gets the job done! ",Date of stay: September 2015,3.0
96,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or95-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",Do Not Book this Hotel !!,"This is definitely the worst hotel in London.  There is no way ot is three star, i would think one at best. Everything is broken, cupboards, mirrors etc.  Plug sockets hanging off the wall. No sink plug and luke warm ""cold water"". Windows to celler room broken and rotten.  No wifi at all (maybe they havnt paid the bill). Noise all night from main road, reception etc. I can't write everything that is wrong.  Only one positive. . the tube is minutes away  ",Date of stay: August 2015,1.0
97,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or95-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",Worst hotel ever,"Ive been traveling to London for years and ive stayed in earls court area lots of times. This hotel was dirty, bed linen was not very good cleaned, the staff was unhelpful and no professional, the wifi didnt work, noisy clients, .... I cant say a good thing",Date of stay: August 2015,1.0
98,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or95-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",a short stay,"traffic noise volume is not comfortable... internet is free ..however connection is weak or non at all.. location is good...for better sleep, do request for a room without windows facing the street below",Date of stay: June 2015,2.0
99,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or95-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",Clean Hotel,"My trip was for 5 nights while I was in London working.  The staff were friendly and the room was clean.  The en-suite toilet and shower facilities were spotless. I had a couple of minor issues with the room both of which relates to the fact it was on the top floor.  The first issue was the heat.  As I stayed in July it was warm and the room was like a furnace with no way to cool it down. The other problem was the wifi.  As I was on the top floor I couldn't get a connection to the router. Overall the hotel was pleasant and I would stay there again, albeit not in the height of summer.",Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
100,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or100-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",Miss lisa boyling ,The first suspicion I had of this so called hotel was when I realised the pictures on their website aren't of the outside of hotel olympia but the front of properties down the road. ..the beds are ex bunk beds and my bed has slats missing at the head end so I have to prop the mattress up with my walking stick. ..The TV is in a bad condition and I can only get one channel on it. ..I will say that the room is clean so no complaints on that ..the bathroom is not well ventilated so there is a bad smell that comes from the drains. ..It is more like a bed and breakfast than a hotel. ..i can safely say that I will be spending a little more next time and book into a premier or holiday inn for a much better service ,Date of stay: July 2015,1.0
101,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or100-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London","Noisy staff, guests and traffic",Converted town house made into 2 star hotel (they rate them as 3 star ???). Beds were horrible (worst I have tried) and the noise at night/early morning even worse. cleaning and kitchen staff were very noisy from 04.30-07.00. Even with earplugs I did not get much sleep. Could not properly open/close windows. No aircon and rooms were hot. The breakfast room (and food on offer) the worst I have ever seen. So I did not eat there. Location excellent (very close to tube station) in OK area,Date of stay: July 2015,2.0
102,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or100-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",Good place to stay for a gig in Hyde Park,"If you are going to a gig in hyde park and are looking for somewhere cheap to stay close by then this is the place for you....however, if you want a luxury hotel in the centre of London, this isnt the place to be... To be honest if you are paying under £100 per night in London then you cant expect a top notch place.. hotel location was great and in a decent area for night time returns.  When we approached it looked like the cast from trainspotting would be staying there, but as we entered we were pleasantly surprised.  The lady on reception explained check in wasnt until 2, however when we explained that we were off to a gig we were given a room that was ready.. Room was fine very basis with a rough mattress..Bathroom very nice and clean.  DIdnt encounter any half man half rat…",Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
103,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or100-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",Dreadful,"We had paid in advance through Booking.com and were horrified by what we saw here - nothing like the photos online! DISGUSTING. The room was downstairs, dinghy, dirty, everything broken, dead flies on the bed, dodgy broken light fitting over the bed, dirty walls, broken curtains which would only ever have covered half the window... We never went into the bathroom and left within about 5 mins. It was midnight after a family party and cost us a fortune to find somewhere for 2 adults and 2 children (luckily my phone had battery) and then take a taxi there. Booking.com were understanding and immediately reimbursed the second night but couldn't reimburse the first night other than a small gesture. Such a bad experience. ",Date of stay: May 2015,1.0
104,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or100-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London","Cheap, small rooms, OK location","Room in cellar, smelled like a indoor swimming pool, small window directly into the street. Furniture have been mended numerous times, amazing how they still hold together - definitely nothing for a vacation with lots of.... knowwhatImean, knowwhatImean. Bathroom:extremely small and narrow, didn't seem clean. No bedbugs like other have reported. Breakfast - We didn't try. Lots of good alternatives in the area. TV was 14 inch - with cables that almost fell apart, but if you travel to london to watch tv in the hotel.. thats your worry.",Date of stay: April 2015,2.0
105,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or105-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",Never stay hear,Stayed for two nights this is the worst hotel I have stayed. Never stay hear. Dirty.nothing worked.rude staff.the list could go on for hours.. I don't know how this place is 3 star.it should be closed down...,Date of stay: May 2015,1.0
106,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or105-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",Words fail me,"After being given desperate rooms instead of a triple room, they told us that the room wasn't available in night 2/2 and tried to turf us out. Then had the nerve to tell us we couldn't have any type of refund.  Never stay at this ""hotel""!!!!!!!!!",Date of stay: May 2015,1.0
107,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or105-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",Horror reviews almost wrongly put me off,"Booked this hotel as it was the only one I could find in London on the day I stayed at a reasonable price, reading reviews afterwards made me wrongfully regret it because of the horror stories and reviews, I'm not going to say it was 5 star because it's not, but it is a nice well ran friendly hotel, lovely staff and the room we stopped in was spotless, small but couldn't find any faults and pleased the reviews I'd read had not put me off, would happily stay here again. ",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
108,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or105-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",Ok hotel,I stayed here with my mum for 3 nights in a twin room. The location is really good right by Earls Court station. The area is very pretty and is close to the high street.  The room was a little small and felt a bit tired. The beds were old and I didn't have the best sleep. The bathroom was ok and the shower was excellent - nice and hot.  I liked where the hotel was but didn't feel very refreshed after staying here. If you want a great location stay here but be aware it's not luxury. It did the job though.,Date of stay: March 2015,3.0
109,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or105-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",No sound proofing between rooms!,"The room was on the top floor and no lifts. We could clearly hear the people in the next room. We had a room with a double and a single but it was very small. The window next to the single bed did not have a blind so light streamed in from early morning.   The bed was very soft and lumpy. I was left with a back ache after just one night. The sheets were clean and so was the bathroom. We couldn't understand why it was so warm, wasting electricity. We certainly weren't going to pay for breakfast here. It was suppose to have Wifi but on level 3 it didn't work.   One good thing is that checkout is 11.00am, but we couldn't wait to get out! Never again.",Date of stay: March 2015,2.0
110,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or110-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",A nice place!,"We slept at this hotel for 3 nights.  First of all I have to admit that this room was very small, but my friend and I didn't need much space anyway. Caused by thin windows it was quite noisy, but with earplugs it was no problem for me to sleep (furthermore I was so tired after discovering London I could have slept anyway). There was also a bit of mug near the bed, but for 3 nights it was acceptable. The room was cleaned every day and the location was also very, very good. I think if you aren't in London for a luxury trip and just want to see the city and and have a great time for less money it is a good option to sleep in this hotel. I had a lovely trip in London and that is what counts in my opinion. :)",Date of stay: March 2015,5.0
111,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or110-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",Good only for the location,"Unclean, not at all well maintained (my bed was missing half of the staves) and the room was lile an oven. We had to sleep with the window fully open IN JANUARY to sleep. No wifi. The only good point we found for this hotel was the location. ",Date of stay: January 2015,1.0
112,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or110-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",London ,"London was a great experience.  Not a lot of sunlight and cold. The people were nice when spoken to, but did not speak if not spoken to.  The buildings are older, but I see progress like most modern cities in the US.  I recommend a visit to London. Hotel Hilton Olympia was decent.  ",Date of stay: December 2014,3.0
113,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or110-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",Not recommended,"Location is good but I would recommend staying farther out of the town if you are on a tight Budget.   Room was not big enough to hold luggage. Bed was terrible, uncomfortable, small, and dirty. Paid two nights, stored luggage there one night and then left. Not clean enough for my wife to sleep there.  I must have booked this place in the middle of a night shift because I don't remember seeing any of the Reviews on Trip Advisor or I never would have made the misake.",Date of stay: December 2014,1.0
114,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or110-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London","A totally normal, safe, clean, respectable hotel. Relax.","I have never written a  review on Trip Advisor but I felt compelled to give Hotel Olympia a review after reading some of the other outrageous comments here.  Either this hotel borders some trans-dimensional rift where the side we stayed in is located here on earth and the other is in the garbage dump of a planet ruled by mutant mice and cockroaches, or the people reviewing it below must all be royalty and trust fund heiresses. I don't understand what all the fuss is about?  My wife and I stayed at this hotel during a trip around the world. We're both in our mid-twenties and lead a basic middle-class North American lifestyle. There is nothing wrong with this hotel. The linens were clean, the bathroom was all new tile and the fixtures were in great working order. There were no…",Date of stay: October 2014,5.0
115,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or115-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",This is a 1 star hotel not 3,"Stayed here as the reviews on Booking.com were OK and it was in my price range, but it was worse than expected.  The room was as big as a closet, the bathroom door couldn't open properly because the room was so small.  The reception team could not speak much English and seemed to be stand ins that could not offer any assistance, due to their lack of English.  This place as best should be a backpacker place.  The only good thing was the closeness to the underground, other than that, a total dump.  Oh and the free wi-fi, go to McDonalds if you can...it is almost non existent.",Date of stay: October 2014,1.0
116,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or115-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",Small,"It was hot but had mold on the ceiling and smelled damp. Anyone who is allergic i thing that the place is not appropriate, at least the room that we were. The TV was not working and the communication with the reception was not the best except a day that an Italian girl was there and gave us all the information we needed.",Date of stay: November 2014,2.0
117,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or115-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",Terrible experience.,Seeing that the horel was closer to where we intended to go but the hotel itself was in a miserable condition. - dirty carpet - unstable bed - worst of all it had mice roaming around in the night  A no go for anyone even at a cheap price.,Date of stay: November 2014,1.0
118,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or115-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",Not fit for purpose,"The room was damp and smelled musty, the mattresses were so lumpy and mine had springs actually sticking out that we had to sleep on top of the duvet with coats over us to even get a couple of hours sleep and that was only because we used our coats as blankets! The carpets hadn't seen a hoover in years and the pillow was made from London brick! The 'TV' looked like it had been rescued from a skip and didn't work! The bathroom was clean but there was no mat for the shiny tiled floor and the hairdryer had a nasty split all around the base, I was so afraid of getting electrocuted I didn't use it. My friend braved it but it cut out after 2 minutes and was a real danger to someone especially standing on a wet floor! There extractor fan didn't work and using the bathroom was like…",Date of stay: November 2014,1.0
119,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or115-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",Poor needs revamp ,Went for one night. Staff were friendly. When we arrived they had not been told we were coming but later on found that we had booked it. The hotel is very very hot inside. The stairs are wonkey. This also caused all the doors to slam because they were leaning in so in middle of the night kept having doors slam. It is right next to main road so loud traffic aswell. Where it's so hot you need window open bit of a dilemma. The rooms are very small I'd say 2.5m squared. The matress was brown with stains. But were in clean sheets. Bath cupboard was all clean. Although one towel had mould on. It is the cheapest place in the area for a reason and although it's grotty for one night it isn't bad. Plus it's near exibition centre and underground. Didn't bother with food here I wouldn't…,Date of stay: November 2014,2.0
120,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or120-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",Ms Krnel,"Stayed at The Olympia four nights, provided good hearty buffet breakfast, close to train and buses, very surprised with the cool atmosphere Kensington offered. The Olympia hotel is in a good spot however if you need space step outside as the rooms are small. Staff were very helpful and gave me free wifi for room! ",Date of stay: November 2014,4.0
121,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or120-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",Damp,"We stayed here for one night ,one night would be all you could manage, the location is good right next to earls court tube, yes it is budget, but i have stayed in many budget hotels nothing this bad. our quadruple room has serious damp problems stunk and the carpet was soaking near the bed !yuk!!! .One of the mattress should of been dumped years ago , this room is only suitable for a store room not for guests to sleep in.",Date of stay: October 2014,1.0
122,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or120-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",First Class Dump,"Stayed here with 3 of my friends, we were in Kensington for a competition. This hotel should be closed down; I mean to say it is disgusting. I cannot understand how my extensive research on the property was so deceiving. The place should be condemned, everything falling apart. No local staff or hospitality, no wireless available, all the requests for the reservation were completely ignored, I used their booking website, as well as sending an e-mail to them directly. Perhaps they don’t need more guests.",Date of stay: August 2014,1.0
123,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or120-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",BUDGET  MEANS BUDGET,"I was looking for cheap accomodation in a particular location for around 30 Days.  I wanted an ensuite, good bed- a place to sleep and keep my stuff. And good WIFI access Except for WIFI, that is exactly what I got. Nothing Flash. Very Budget. But Clean and tidy, albeit dated decore. WIFI hopeless, Staff very very good and helpful. Ventilation, in keeping with 99% of British buildings hopeless. Traffic noise at night very intrusive if you are troubled by that-could be an issue. TV's are dated and reception patchy. BUT what are you in London for? A clean well located base at a budget price--this fits the bill.",Date of stay: September 2014,3.0
124,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or120-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London","position great, clean and helpful staff",Really close to Earls Court underground station. We took a room with private bathroom for 6 days ad it was clean everyday. The staff is very kind and helpful. There was a wi-fi even if it wasn't so performant. ,Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
125,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or125-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",Near to the underground,It's a fair hotel by the price. It's close to the Earl Court Underground station which has lines to Heathrow and downtown London. The wifi is free but is quite weak on the top floors. Unfortunately there is no lift and no air conditioning on the room.,Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
126,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or125-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",What do you expect?,"I wasn't planning on writing about this Hotel, but having had a look at the majority of the reviews that are on here already, I thought I should. The other reviews here mention small rooms, a run down decor, noise, claustrophobia, and all manner of other things. My response to this is, WHAT ON EARTH DO YOU EXPECT?  I stayed here for three nights while attending a conference in Kensington. On arrival, I was welcomed cordially by the receptionist and shown to my room. The room - yes - was small, but the bathroom was nice, the bed was nice, the TV worked, and it was, what's the word, cosy. I had a couple of cups of tea, then went upstairs and asked the receptionist if he could recommend me a supermarket and somewhere to eat that evening. He did so, and I enjoyed a tasty pizza…",Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
127,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or125-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",Do Not Stay Here,"This really is a grotty,dirty hotel.Our room on the top floor had a cracked window with something resembling a curtain attempting to cover it up.The rooms other window had no curtain at all.The mattresses & pillows were stained & hard as nails.The bases of the beds were dropping to pieces & only one of the wall lights was working.None of the photographs on the website remotely resembled the hotel.I truly suspect they were taken elsewhere.There are no saving graces for this horrible place.Avoid like the plague.",Date of stay: August 2014,1.0
128,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or125-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",Only good thing is location and price,"Hotel is located within a walking (if you like to walk a bit) distance to most attractions in London and is reasonably priced. However the rooms are tiny and bed takes pretty much all of the space. On top of everything the bed is not so big to allow two people to comfortably sleep on it. And if you have any food, do not leave it in the open, otherwise you'll get a visit from a resident rodent as an extra bonus.",Date of stay: July 2014,2.0
129,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or125-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",Not bad...  Overall great for bed and shower.  ,We stayed here for the beer festival at Olympia.  We were dreading the hotel hoping we would be too drunk to care.  We were surprised..  The bedding was clean.  The bathroom was clean and tidy.  Brown but no accounting for taste!  Lol the TV we had to sort out and it worked.! Just put the scart lead in and searched for the channel. The wi fi worked on the first floor only if this is important ASK for the first floor.  The room was tiny but we were warned about this.  We took the advise and asked for the quieter side of the building.  The London ambulance service love this road.  The road was tiny with a stain on the wall. But you could see they have repainted...  The cleaners need sacking cost his marmite stain could have been cleaned off.  Staff do their best it's basic but ok.…,Date of stay: August 2014,3.0
130,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or130-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",AVOID ,"We chose this as a really close option for Earls Court.  It's within 100 yards to the gates and same to the tube - perfect !! That's the best I can say about it. We were on the top floor for 1 night stay. The whole place is extremely run down, ripped stair carpets was the start of the fun.  On entering the room the overwhelming smell of damp hit us. A large patch on the wall was very dark. We opened the window as we were going straight out and thought it'll be fine just for the one night. On returning the smell wasn't too bad and we left the window open to sleep that night. Around 4 in the morning we both awoke in a turmoil - it was raining. Panic to shut the window, but alas it was raining in through the ceiling.  Water was hitting the bedpost and splashing. I went to reception…",Date of stay: June 2014,1.0
131,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or130-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",Not that great,"We expected a bit of luxury in this hotel as it is part of the Hilton group, but our room was tiny and very odd triangle shaped, with a brick wall facing onto the window, we had to ask to be moved as we felt too claustrophobic.  The 2nd room was someone with disabilites and by the 3rd attempt we got a room facing out onto the main road, which was fine apart from being wakened every morning just before 8 with the construction work going on directly across the road.  Constant sirens around this area too..the bed was rock hard too. There is an old, musky smell in the lobby and in general the hotel looks tired and in need of a re-vamp.  The reception was a nightmare too, we seemed to spend forever waiting to be seen, no fault of the staff, just never seemed to be more than 1 or 2…",Date of stay: May 2014,2.0
132,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or130-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",Worst hotel,"Very old and dirty hotel, bed was awful , glad breakfast wasn't included, waste of money, find another hotel, better paying £20/£30 more. Bloody awful. The room was so small,and the windows in the basement, were so dirty you couldn't see out of them, and the curtains,the furniture was so old had thrown better away in the skip.the service we received when we arrived was also very very poor, lady couldn't be bothered to get off her chair.",Date of stay: August 2014,1.0
133,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or130-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",An Interesting Experience,"Me and my boyfriend booked this hotel as we wanted to be close to the Earls Court exhibition centre as we came to London for the Summer London Film and Comic Convention 2014 so the location was perfect as the centre was just around the corner. The staff we're pleasant enough and our room was G1 the double room, I can definately say that the bathroom was just fine, clean fully working shower with hot water a completmentary towells and small bar of soap each. However the wardrobe door wouldn't shut properly, the bed had hairs in it, the furniture was chipped. Alright hotel for a weekend away if you're looking for somewhere to stay the night at a reasonable price. The window view was to a side street with traffic, sirens and drunken people singing but hey ho! Its London! Bed was…",Date of stay: July 2014,2.0
134,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or130-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London","Poor, but to be expected for that money","A very tired old hotel, more like a hostel. The smallest double room I've ever had. Not the cleanest, either. There was only just room to walk on one side of the bed. The furniture seemed to be 1980's flat pack stuff, poorly mended and falling into pieces, and not really any space for it to stand in. The single glazed window had a massive split in the middle, mended expertly with sellotape! The dirt in the window was an original feature - probably the Georgians were the last to clean the windows. If they did.  The happy exception was the bathroom. It was recently refitted and very clean, with a fully functioning shower.  Good location and a reasonable price. Indifferent but fairly polite staff at the 24h reception. No amenities available, AFAIK.",Date of stay: June 2014,2.0
135,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or135-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",Worst hotel I've ever stayed in,"When we got off the bus and saw our hotel, it was at the side of the building and it looked horrible so I was obviously dreading what my room would look like, our room was on the top floor which was annoying because there was stairs but no lift, when we got into our room it was like a sauna, the walls were stained everywhere, the TV remote didn't work so we couldn't watch tv, we asked the receptionist and she said they didn't have any batteries and couldn't get hold of the handy man so we couldn't watch tv. It was so hot we had to have our one small window wide open, which you couldn't even see out if because it was so dirty and what's worse is that the double glazing on the outside was cracked so the inside of the window was filled with water. Please pay more for a hotel that…",Date of stay: July 2014,1.0
136,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or135-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",Please spend more and stay elsewhere,My friend and I booked the Hotel Olympia for two nights to enjoy a day of Wimbledon tennis.  When we first arrived I was quite surprised as the picture on the websites to book this hotel are quite misleading as they focus on Warwick Road rather than Earl's Court Square.  You can see the entrance to the hotel but it is not the most welcoming.  As soon as we entered the hotel we were hit with an uncomfortable wall of heat and this continued as we made our way to the third floor.  We got in just in time to watch a world cup game but the television was not working.  I tried to phone the reception to inform them of the problem and try to move to a room which had a working television but the phone was also broken.  I then made my way back down to reception where I was told the hotel…,Date of stay: June 2014,1.0
137,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or135-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",Should be closed down !!,"Whilst my grandchildren and myself were saved from a fate worse than death by NOT staying here,I wanted to make anyone who is even thinking of staying here,think again because the following is what happened to us.  I had booked this hotel back in January and hadn't seen anything particularly negative about it that would set alarm bells ringing.On the day before we were due to go and stay here and having paid 6 months in advance,I happened to look on booking.com (where I had originally booked through) and saw a multitude of horrifying reviews.  I immediately rang booking.com who advised us NOT to stay there and that they would cancel the booking and find us somewhere safer.Multiple phonecalls later between myself,booking.com and the hotel resulted in the alleged hotel owner…",Date of stay: June 2014,1.0
138,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or135-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",Only for sleeping,"The hotel (rather hostel) is close to the Earls Court Exhibition Center and the underground station and its pretty cheap compared to London prices, but that is all the positive side of it. The rooms are hot and tiny, walls are made of paper (we could hear our neighbors all-night discussion about meaning of life...), beds are filthy and uncomfortable. We asked for a room looking to the inner court, but we got one looking to the street, which was quite noisy. Staff was pretty distant, they didn't seem to care too much. There are a lot of small hotels in the street of this one, I suppose you can find a much better one for the same money...",Date of stay: May 2014,2.0
139,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or135-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",Old hotel,This is a hotel that is very old. Moldy walls and broken lights and terrible everything. TINY room with rockhard bed. Steamy hot in every part of hotel.. the receptionists sweat smells from reception to the 2nd floor.. staaaay awaaay,Date of stay: June 2014,2.0
140,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or140-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",Really bad!!,"What a horrible place to stay!  We were put in  a basement room (B3), and it was suppose to accommodate 4 of us.  There were two double beds that barely fit into the room, much less trying to fit 4 people and their luggage!  The beds were really hard, and the carpet looked like it had been dug out of a garbage can somewhere and almost covered the whole floor.  I didn't see any bugs (thankfully), but it certainly looked like it had potential for them!  The bathroom was more of an afterthought, as it was extremely tiny, almost smaller than a closet!  You almost had to walk sideways to get into the toilet area.  The blow dryer was trash, and was actually hot wired to turn on whenever the bathroom light was turned on, and there was no way of turning it off.  So, on top of being an…",Date of stay: June 2014,1.0
141,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or140-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",If you want to sleep with insects!!!,"I have never stayed in a more run down hotel EVER. Completely filthy with holes in the floor.... We stayed in B4 so please read other reviews!!! Mould on all the furniture, beds like sleeping on a pile of wire with stained matresses ....we had insects running all over the room all we were offered was a can of flea spray! The carpet was mended with brown parcel tape The shower was broken as were the door to the shower meaning once you got in .... unless you had someone with you ...you couldn't get out. I am just glad we didn't order breakfast.... save your money and go somewhere else.HORRENDOUS",Date of stay: June 2014,1.0
142,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or140-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",Low quality,"I'd echo some of the other reviews on here. This hotel is in a great location and really cheap. It's cheap for a reason though... tiny room, window was broken, hot like a sauna, not massively clean, dodgy breakfast, etc, etc. Will say that the bathroom in my room looked fairly new to be fair. If you're just looking for a roof above your head after a few beers then this could be ok, anything more though I'd pay extra for somewhere a bit better.",Date of stay: April 2014,1.0
143,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or140-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",Only for sleep,"This hotel is close to Eals Court exhibition center, and was chosen only because of the distance to that. The room was small, but with our own bath and toilet, which is a must for us. It was clean and the staff was very serviceminded.",Date of stay: June 2013,3.0
144,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or140-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London","Great location, awful hotel!!!","The only good thing i can say about the hotel olympia is the location of the hotel itself.  My twin room was absolutely tiny, the base of our beds were mouldy and stained, the furniture did not fit the room and the staff member on the front desk appeared to be completely disinterested in us as paying customers. The tea and coffee provided were awful as were the facility's on offer in my room.   The stairs to reach our room actually sloped to the left dramatically from the second floor upwards (our room was on the 3rd floor!) and seemed a big health and safety risk!   I can at least say the room appeared clean in most places but the condition of the beds made my stay most uncomfortable, as they were filthy!   I will be emailing the hotel asking for a refund but based on the state…",Date of stay: May 2014,1.0
145,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or145-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",Great location rubbish hotel,"Title says it all, basic old, ok if you just want a bed at a cheap price ! Wouldn't return ! Bath room tiny ! Room really hot even though heating on ! Basement rooms carpet didn't fit to the wall.  On the plus there were 2 double beds for 2 of us ",Date of stay: April 2014,2.0
146,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or145-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",Great location poor hotel!,"We were in room B4 which was literally in the basement. The room was very hot with no way of controlling the heat, there were 4 little windows that went directly onto the street. They could be opened but you were looking at peoples feet as they walked past! The noise from the street was loud all night with cars and people walking past so with the added heat and uncomfortable bed I got about 3hrs sleep! The room had 2 double and 1 single bed crammed in it with a small wardrobe, a set of draws with an old TV with no reception at all?  The bedding was clean and there were clean towels. The carpets were ripped all over the place with some parts taped down, on one wall was writing in 6"" letters spelling I.R.A. There were stain marks on the roof from an upstairs leek and the door…",Date of stay: April 2014,2.0
147,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or145-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",Budget hotel that meets budget expectations,"The hotel is pretty much what you can expect in London when on a budget. The staff was friendly enough and my small ( really ? in London ? ) room was ok if you only need it for a couple of nights of sleep. Streetnoise and other nuisances were at a minimum, as my room did not face the main road. Good location, conveniently situated near Earl's Court  ( Underground )",Date of stay: October 2013,3.0
148,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or145-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",Poor value,"The rooms were VERY cramped. We couldn't even use the wardrobes or drawers as there wasn't room to open them. The central heating was on very high. It was stifling. No plug for the sink, no glasses  or teacups just plastic cups although the bedding seemed clean there was only one pillow on a double bed. We kept asking for more but never got any. The hairdryer was also broken. The whole place was a bit naff and dirty.I'm surprised my wife didn't pack up and book somewhere else. Walking from the tube all the buildings looked nice and clean till we got to the Olympia. The paint was peeling off the walls. Only upside is its close to the tubestation. I definitely would not book here again. Far too basic and far too expensive !",Date of stay: April 2014,1.0
149,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or145-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",Where is the Hotel Inspector when you need her!!,"Where do you start - The outside of the building run down and on the verge of being slum looking. The room was filthy, décor drab, condensation pouring down the window, a huge crack in window, plastic cup/spoons, old fashion TV took ages to get to work. Kettle had to be filled with a cup because it was too big to fit under sink tap. Breakfast....what a joke!  Continental only offered cereal, juice, toast.  Staff throwing black bin bag rubbish over the wall onto a huge pile of rubbish! So So bad - thank goodness it was only one night, extremely disappointed and upset as this was a surprise 'treat' booking for my hubby!!",Date of stay: April 2014,1.0
150,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or150-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",not bad,The room was clean and tidy with friendly staff. Only downside was the TV not working properly and is next to a main road which is busy most the time. Also the continental breakfast was a bit over priced. Still very happy with my stay and will definitely book again in the future       ,Date of stay: March 2014,4.0
151,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or150-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",Absolutely disgusting,We recently stayed here for one night and it was vile.the floor and windows were filthy. The bed had marks on it and was very uncomfortable not to mention the state of the matress. Never stayed in a hotel so disgusting and dirty in my life!!,Date of stay: March 2014,1.0
152,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or150-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",Worse than expected,"We spent there 4 nights, but each occasion to enter the room we smelt smoke. The room was too small, and the bed was terrible, definitely not a ""double"" bed, maximum 1,5!!! Bathroom was OK, towels were changed each day.       ",Date of stay: February 2014,2.0
153,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or150-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",Dirty Room,"This is a Good Area next to the Subway Station. I was very Disappointed when I found hairs and finger nails on my bed this hotel is next to the main street, very noise area and mold smell. I can understand noise and some hairs but nails and mold NO THANKS",Date of stay: February 2014,1.0
154,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or150-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London","Clean, great location, rooms are the size of a wardrobe.","I booked a twin room to share with my cousin. It is not even nearly big enough to accommodate 2 single beds. It may be ok as a single room or a squishy double but I felt uncomfortable climbing over my cousin to go to the toilet at night. The drawers could not be opened properly as they were too close to the bed.  Having said that the room was very clean, and the location was great. We asked for a few things- an extra pillow to replace the pancake pillows supplied, and a fix for the old-fashioned tiny square TV which only had one channel. A male staff member tried very hard to help us although couldn't with what he had to work with. We safely left our bags there for about 6 hours after check out. I would stay there again if I was traveling alone. ",Date of stay: February 2014,2.0
155,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or155-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",good price and comfortable,"I stayed here for a football match it is clean and tidy and comfortable, its close to earls court tube and exhibition centre great location and great price. I would stay here next time iam in London for a game and any other reason",Date of stay: January 2014,4.0
156,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or155-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",For the price...perfectly fine,If you're looking for a budget hotel near central London then you can go wrong with this place. One of the cleanest hotels in us price range I have stayed in in London. Right by Earls Court Tube and high street. My room had a lovely refurbished ensuite and lovely crisp white linen on the bed. All I needed...,Date of stay: January 2014,3.0
157,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or155-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",Could be worse...,"My girlfriend and I stayed here for 3 nights in October. It was 159 pounds for 2 people to stay 3 nights without breakfast. We stayed in room 302 and although the room was miserably small and the walls paper thin I was happy that it was at least clean! The bathroom had been recently renovated and the bedding was all stain free. Thankfully I didn't take it off to see the mattress below! I wouldn't have been able to sleep on it if it had looked like the ones in other photos! The staff was friendly enough and the room was adequate if you just need a bed to sleep in and a shower to use. There is no lift and no air conditioning and the people beside us were very rude, constantly banging on the walls and smoking out their window. When we needed a taxi the front staff used what…",Date of stay: October 2013,2.0
158,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or155-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",Do not stay here!,"Of all the places I`ve traveled around the world this has to be by far the most shocking! Everything was wrong about it from broken beds to exposed carpet nails (see pictures) The pillows were like rocks, bathroom was tiny and the walls slimy, I`d rather sleep in the tube station than stay in this armpit of London!",Date of stay: September 2013,1.0
159,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or155-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",Ok for one night,"Room very clean but definatly too small for two people. No lift and no air con. Very uncomfortable if you are staying in a really hot day, like us. It's cheap, ok for one night in London . Location was good,only a few minutes walk to station. Pillows were quite hard and making tea in the thin plastic cups didn't taste too good.",Date of stay: July 2013,2.0
160,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or160-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",room is in basement,The romm is in basement. This is my first time to stay in basement room in a hotel. It is definitely not three star hotel. The sidewalk is just beside the small above ground window. You can see people’s feet walking by through the little windon. It is nosiy and hot. The hotel should tell people they will stay in basement room when they book the hotel.,Date of stay: July 2013,2.0
161,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or160-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",Not great,"On the positive side, the location is great, close to the tube, on the corner of a leafy square & near a clutch of shops, pubs & restaurants. The room was clean, with en suite, hair dryer, soap, clean towels & bed linen & the room cleaned daily. The staff were good & the cost cheap for London. However, there is a reason for the lower price, the room was very shabby & TINY with just a strip of floor space at the bottom & one side of the bed. (The other side of the bed was against the wall.) the furniture was cheap & ricketty & the paintwork grubby. No air conditioning meant it was extremely uncomfortable in the heat, though it did have a radiator so presumably it'd be warm in winter. If you're on a tight budget & can put up with cramped, shabby conditions then it's fine, but if…",Date of stay: July 2013,2.0
162,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or160-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",Fantastic staff in hostel style 'hotel',"The staff here, particularly Disha and Valy, should be working in a 5 star hotel - they are the best hotel staff we have ever come across!  They couldn't do enough to make us feel welcome, and were so helpful at all times. The room was pretty dreadful.  Drab and way too hot (no air conditioning), dirty curtains, stained carpet and the tiny loo stank of stale cigarette smoke. The bed was comfy, though there were strange paint stains on the covers. There are no tea and coffee making facilities in the room, but a hot drink dispenser is in reception.  However, you get 'whitener' to put in your drink which is foul stuff, and should be thrown to the back of Room 101 forever more!! I really feel for the staff because they are truly exceptional.  If it wasn't for them, we wouldn't have…",Date of stay: June 2013,1.0
163,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or160-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",You get what you pay for... with a little dirt added,"I stayed here for one night on a leisure trip to London. I have had my share of bad, smelly hotels in London and in other places, but this one really takes the cake! I was almost afraid to touche the bed and the smell of new paint and mold made my throat dry.  That said, the place is cheap and in a really convenient location, so it can be used as a place to crash for a night, if you don't mind sleeping with your clothes on.",Date of stay: May 2013,2.0
164,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or160-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",Would not stay there again.,"I was travelling in London and booked a budget hotel, which appeared to be Olympia Hotel at Earls Court Square. The building itself was already a big disappointment the closer I was getting to it. The small reception had few staff in it, all gents but in spite of that I had to carry my suitcase on my own to climb the stairs. The room was tiny, TV didn't work, it definitely needed refurbishing and bed had torn mattress on the side and it looked as if it was burnt. Shower was the best part though. Would never book a room there if knew what was going to expect me there.",Date of stay: August 2012,1.0
165,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or165-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",FA Cup 2013,"Stayed at this hotel last weekend for the FA Cup final. Weren't bad for 1 night. Turned up at the hotel at 1 pm knowing we asked to book in at 2 pm. They allocated us a room straight away. Not much view from the bedroom, but the beds were sleep able, Bathroom was up to standard. Happy with just staying there 1 night. Not a long walk from Earls court Tube station!  For the price you pay as well you can imagine staying in a HILTON HOTEL! You pay for what your are given.",Date of stay: May 2013,3.0
166,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or165-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",unbelievable,I booked this hotel because the two most important things for me that i could walk to the olympia exhibition centre and i could park the car at the hotel i was told that the exhibiton centre was around the corner and i could park outside on my arrival there was only permit parking and the exhibition centre was almost 4Km away. not a good start. on the second night my collegue returned to her room at 11.30pm and there was a man asleep in her bed. they had booked another guest into her room her personal belongings cloths lap top etc were still in the room it  she asked them to call my room to see if i was there and they told her the room telephones do not work. my collegue is spanish and female and was very shaken up she had to threaten to call the police as the receptionish was…,Date of stay: April 2013,1.0
167,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or165-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",Location is the only good thing about this hotel!,"Myself and two friends were supposed to stay here on the 22nd September. We had originally booked a different hotel, but because our room was flooded, this hotel was recommended as an alternative. We arrived and were given a room in the basement, to get to the room we had to manoeuvre around hoovers and various bin bags in the corridor. The room itself smelt of damp and had stains on the ceiling and walls. The bed bases were ripped, the carpet had been stuck down with brown tape in various places too. Scared of what else we would find we decided we couldn't stay the night here and went straight back to reception to check out and get a refund. We were promised a refund within 5-7 working  days. It is now the 24th November and I am still fighting for our £99 back! The hotel never…",Date of stay: September 2012,1.0
168,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or165-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",Business Trip,"I went to this hotel for a few days, due to a business trip. The rooms are nice, but there is no elevator. One big disappointment: there was NO internet in the hotel (eventhough this is mentioned on the website), only in the reception area which is very small and crowded. When I told the guy behind the reception that I needed the internet for my work, he wasn't polite and helpful at all.  In addition, the breakfast was very poor.",Date of stay: November 2012,3.0
169,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or165-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",there was a mouse in my room!!!,"dont EVER stay here, during my stay i was awoken around 4 am by some strange noices. At first i thought i was imagining or dreaming, but then i saw A MOUSE running down the carpet! The room was all dirty, with mold on the walls. The sheets didnt feel very clean as well. But in case you are still wondering whether to stay here or not - THERE WAS A MOUSE IN MY ROOM THAT WOKE ME UP AT 4 AM.",Date of stay: November 2012,1.0
170,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or170-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",The worst hotel in the best location,"Absolutely the worst hotel I have ever stayed in: small and dirty rooms, en-suite bathrooms that are also small and dirty, clueless staff that have limited English comprehension (really? in England?), dingy public areas, the list goes on... Yes, some would say you get what you pay for. But you could pay the same price close by with other hotels and get something better. The only thing this place has going for it is that it is literally a minute away from Earl's Court tube station and Earl's Court. Other than that, this place SUCKS!",Date of stay: October 2012,2.0
171,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or170-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",Very basic... but on a budget,"as the title says, its very basic but worth the cheap fees when on a budget. not very clean but after staying in their sister 'hotel' i would've snapped up the opportunity to return to this one. I'd recommend you pay a bit more to stay somewhere better, but if its only for one night and youre not going to be there for long, then its fine.  We were in one of the basement rooms, and there was obscene graffitti written on some of the furniture, not enough sockets (even for the kettle that was provided?!) - i eventually had to boil the kettle whilst it was sat on one of the beds, and the curtain didnt cover the windows, the toilet ran all night and the tv just blacked out and wouldnt turn back on.  so NOT ideal, but pure 'hilton' in comparison to their joint venture. The staff were…",Date of stay: August 2012,3.0
172,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or170-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",At least the bathroom was clean..........,"A very small room! The dubble-bed was against the wall so it was difficoult for the person who laid against the wall. It was very dirty on the floor, the floor was not cleaned a single time along our visit for a week. There was hardly any place to put your things into, no hooks or shelfs not even in the bathroom! The olny thing that was good was that the bathroom was good cleaned and reasently renovated, but it was so hot in the bathroom so you couldn't be inside there for more than a couple of minutes whithout beginning to sweating.",Date of stay: August 2012,2.0
173,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or170-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",Stay Away!!!,"This was the hotel from Hell!! The room was tiny, the beds were disgusting, the staff were off - hand, the bathroom was smelly and the whole experience was dreadfull. When we arrived,  the room we were given had two beds  upside down and tools lying all over the floor. The second room had a light stuck to the wall with duck tape and the bed headboard was hanging off the wall. The beds were so soft and worn  that when you lay on  them you were tipped off  the side  or fell into the middle of  it. On the second night we were given no towels and one of the beds had no sheets on it. I would never stay in this hotel again.",Date of stay: July 2012,1.0
174,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or170-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London","Do not stay here unless you like dirty, unsafe hotels!!!","I was here for work the week of July 23rd.  For 309 pounds a night, there was NO WAY this hotel was worth it.    To cut to the chase, I checked out early but they charged me for the next night anyway which was - well, you fill in the descriptor because I am going to keep this clean.  The front desk folks (I talked to 3) did not have passable English skills.  I was extremely irritated and ultimately gave up.  I switched to the Royal Garden down by Hyde Park still on Kensington High and was extremely pleased (my write up is under Royal Garden).    My room was the ""executive"" room which means it is about the size of a standard US room.  There was construction across the street so if you plan on working during the day, you will be distracted.  The hotel tried to remodel, but the…",Date of stay: July 2012,1.0
175,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or175-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",You get what you pay for and it works both ways.,"If you're traveling on a shoestring budget and you're not bringing anybody special with you, then this place would suffice. All I wanted was privacy, sleep, shower and wifi. I always found my coffee and tea allotment replenished every day, and towels were always fresh. The Earl's Court Tube station is very close and it's a perfect launchpad for your touristic endeavors. Sure, the room altogether was microscopic by my standards, but in general I found that everything else in London is pretty much smaller too. I didn't check the mattress, so I didn't look for trouble where I didn't need to. I always fell tired at the end of the day and slept like a baby. To those who complain about the tv, you may have to check the cables behind the tv and make sure they're properly connected. The…",Date of stay: July 2012,3.0
176,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or175-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",Please do not stay here!!!,Im gonna make this short. Our bed broke! It had bed bugs! The people are so rude! And they will do anything to not give u a refund. But make sure u percist. There are better hotels in the next road at similar prices. You have been warned!!! ,Date of stay: July 2012,1.0
177,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or175-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",DO NOT STAY HERE!!,"Please please please do not stay here. The first night was fine but then on the second night we were watching TV when the bed started creeking and then there was a snapping noise. Checked what was going on and then bed frame had snapped but we also found a cockroach trap under the bed which was a shock. We told staff about the bed and was moved to a room on the top floor even though my husband has back problems and found it hard getting up the stairs. Our friends found that their bed snapped as well and when they looked the bed over, it had already been fixed before with nails hanging out of it in places. The staff told them they could have a basement room but would have to go back into their first room the next night. They ended up sleeping in our room but that is when we…",Date of stay: July 2012,1.0
178,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or175-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",Wasn't bad,"I spent a night in this hotel, appearance wasn't bad, no lift tho so if you have luggages you will struggle to go upstairs. I liked my single room tho i must say, it was cosy, next to the road which is the downfall of the hotel cos i couldn't get any sleep as everytime i closed my eyes to sleep, a car or large vehicle went past by and i was simply awake till morning but this is partly because my window was open due to the warmness of the romm. Tv was there but no antenna or booster to make it work so they might have as well not put any tv there. Shower room was really good, except that they could fix a thing where you keep your shower gel or soap, there isn't one so you have to hold it while you shower or open the shower door and keep on the toilet seat, i guess? Or even better,…",Date of stay: June 2012,3.0
179,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or175-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",you get what you pay for,"I must admit I was a bit disapointed with the hotel, the furniture in the room was falling to pieces, the mattress on the bed was very lumpy and well used. there was no chair to sit on, so only had the bed to sit on, there was tea and coffee in the room but you had to use plastic cups and on the second day these were not replenished. the breakfast was supposed to be from 8am - 9am, on the first morning it was 8.15 before the guy was ready for us to start. But as I stated above  you just get what you pay for",Date of stay: May 2012,3.0
180,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or180-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",The worst hotel ever !!!,"This was the worst hotel I´ve ever been in. And I´ve seen alot. Roof room had about 35 degree C° at 9 pm, the door to the bathroom could only be opened with a srewdriver, The windows were dirty and full of condensed water. On my arrival I had a pigeon feather on my pillow. A look out of the open window showed why. Pigeon [--] all over. The room was so dirty as if it was last cleaned 1980. The ordered wake up call simply didn´t happen. But the worst thing was the bed. [--] disgusting !!! (see pictures). NEVER again !!!  Mates take care of your health and spend some punds more.",Date of stay: May 2012,1.0
181,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or180-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",RAT in room - other room offered had bedbugs,"My wife who is 6 months pregnant stayed in this hotel last night. She was appalled by the general condition and hygene in the hotel on arrival but chose to stay since it was only for one night.  She was woken at 3am by the presence of a RAT IN HER ROOM - my wife grew up on a farm so knows the difference between a Rat and a Mouse. When she complained, she was told that the only other room available was infested with bed bugs but she could have it if she wanted.   When another couple checked out, she was offered thier room and told by reception that they could lend her a rat trap if she wanted to go in that one!    Having chosen to spend the remainder of the night in the relative safety of the reception area, she then witnessed the hotel hand the keys of 'the rat room' to a newly…",Date of stay: April 2012,1.0
182,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or180-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",The worst experience of my life,"I was supposed to stay at the Cromwell Crown but they moved me to the Olympia. No advanced warning. No explanation. No assistance with getting to the other hotel The location of The Olympia was excellent but:  The Wi-fi only extends to the reception area so there were about 5 of us huddled with our laptops on our knees. No privacy what so ever. The breakfast cost £10.98 and was litterly cornflakes or weetabix, coffee or tea. And there were no tables left to sit at so I had to eat it in my room. I had an interview the next morning and the hotel lent me an iron but did not have an ironing board in the whole of the hotel. The heat in my room at night was scorching even with the window wide open. I only got 3 hours sleep.  There was constant noise all night. The bathroom door locked…",Date of stay: September 2011,1.0
183,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or180-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",Is this possibly the worst hotel in England?,"It has all been said before - I stayed here with my wife to fill a gap in our itinerary - we took a chance. BEWARE THIS HOTEL AND NEVER, EVER STAY HERE. Little insects flying around the basin, grimy furntiture, dated, mouldy, smelly, filthy, fetid, appalling customer service and I could just go on.... Remember Fawlty Towers? That place was luxury in comparison! And this place isn't even cheap!!!!! AVOID AT ANY COST - you would sleep better on a cardboard box in the park over the road!",Date of stay: May 2011,1.0
184,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or180-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",Terrible! Don't stay at this hotel. Millions of bed bugs,We had never experience anything like that before. We were badly bitten by bed bugs. At the moment we have skin infection caused by bed bugs.  I do not need  to explain the suffering that this caused and continues to cause to my family.,Date of stay: July 2011,1.0
185,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or185-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",Not what i expected..,"After reading reviews on the internet of this hotel, i was dreading my stay. All i thought was bed bugs, dirt and ignorant staff, but it is totally the opposite. I was actually pleasantly surprised when i reached this hotel. I stayed in a room on the same floor as the reception and it was fine. The receptionist helped us with everything we needed and was very friendly. Our bathroom was absolutely spotless. The room was clean and so was the sheets on the bed. I had a great nights sleep and wasn't bitten by anything. The breakfast was basic but was done fresh when you went down. For the price we payed i cannot complain at all (45 each for 2 nights in a double room) +  the location was excellent, its about a minute walk from the tube station and about 10 minutes from the olympia…",Date of stay: March 2011,4.0
186,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or185-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",Economical...Value for money..Privacy.. and Quality....,Nice quiet place within walking distance from earls court tube station. I was there with my fiancée to get our privacy. The hotel is economical compared to other around the corner... provides quality service... staff is young and energetic.. on arrival the check in process was as simple as it can get... within minutes we were in our room with minute details being explained by the receptionist on arrival... the room was nice and cosy... and feels like home..being economical the hotel still provides high quality... with breakfast arrangement made timely between 8 to 9.. the hotel ambiance makes one feels at home...and privacy is provided to enjoy your leisure time..... If anyone is considering to spend quality time with family and friends and an affordable price.. this is a nice…,Date of stay: January 2011,4.0
187,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or185-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",I don't recommend,"very small rooms, double bed is in fact a 1 and a half bed, u cannot open windows coz they are broken, no parking area (we had to spend 18 £  for 1 night parking place), VERY POOR QUALITY OF ACCOMODATION, staff don't have any info abt anything.",Date of stay: December 2010,1.0
188,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or185-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",You got what you pay for,A small cheap hotel with very small rooms. The Breakfast was only one hour. nd the breakfast room was very small you had to wait for other guests to finish their breakfast before you could bgin yours. We had a five years old kid with us. she stayed for free. But the bed ws too small for three persons to sleep in.Well even for two adults too aswell.We had problems to get an extra pillow for our 5 y old daughter. Same with towel. No hot water in the morning and very bad pressure from the shower tap. The traffic from warrwick road were annoying. to muuch noise  could have better isolated windows. The cleaning was up and down.  The only perfect with this hotel was if you go up early and be out whole day and then come back and go to sleep. or football hooligans that need some place…,Date of stay: October 2010,1.0
189,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or185-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",Wake up covered in bite marks,I stayed in Hotel Olympia for a week and a half and stayed in two differend single rooms. Both of the rooms had bed bugs. And a lot of them. I woke up each morning covered in more and more of seriously itching bite marks. Offcourse I told this to the staff and asked if they could wacuum the bed to get rid of the bed bugs but  they did nothing. I started to cover myself up as much as possible when going to bed but that only ment that the bugs started to bite me in the face instead. The most itching week and a half of my life! I seriously don't recommend that to anyone.,Date of stay: August 2010,2.0
190,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or190-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",AVOID AT ALL COAST---- SCABIES----,"My partner took my 9 year old to stay in london for 1 night in the olympia hotel, and would never ever go back. The room was very small no tv no cups for the coffee, a  mouse trap was situated behind the kettle...nice!!! the view from the window was a lovely old crusty pair of boxershorts and socks that had obliousely been there for weeks, but the reason why i am writing this review is that they have been back home a week and have just both been seen by a doctor who has confirmed the lumps they came out with are SCABIES...the only place they have been together is this hotel so people beware !!!!",Date of stay: August 2010,1.0
191,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or190-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",Please avoid this hotel if you can,"Wanted to spend a couple of days in London, was attracted by price and location. On the upside, the location was ideal, very central. On the down side... grubby exterior, litter and debris in evidence. Scruffy hand written notices on door warning that keys must be left. Difficulty checking in, language problems. The bedroom had a tiny portable tv, a clean bed, a cheapo £3 travel kettle, several teabags and some UHT milk cartons. The tea was supposed to be made in thin disposable plastic glasses, which had obviously been used before! The small window was broken and had been taped together and the white net curtains came in an interesting shade of dark grey. The noise from the road, right outside was unbelievable. Our choice was to either keep the noise out and suffocate, or keep…",Date of stay: August 2010,1.0
192,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or190-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",Never Again,"It was probably the worst hotel I have ever stayed in. The rooms were tiny and untidy. The duvet was unwashed. The windows had bars across them, and looked like they hadn't been washed in years. We booked a twin room and got 1 double bed. There was no ventilation system in the room, meaning you have to open the window for air, but then have to listen to the traffic on the main road beside you. The staff were unhelpful and unfriendly. For what you got, it was very overpriced. I would strongly recommend people avoid this 'hotel' at all costs. Thankfully we only stayed 1 night, it would have spoiled our trip had we stayed longer",Date of stay: July 2010,1.0
193,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or190-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",At least Faulty Towers was clean.,"Worst experience ever while staying at a hotel.  It was filthy ,the bed cover had stains, which were thrown straight into the wardrobe and we slept fully clothed on top of the bed. The windows had iron bars across them which would have given us no escape route in the event of a fire.  The receptionist demanded cash , I said I had none and he told me to go out and find a cash machine, despite their web site saying they accepted credit cards. Wardrobe falling apart, door locks faulty, windows had not been cleaned in years if ever.We didnt dare to even try the breakfast. Over all the worst place ive ever stayed, do yourself a big big favour and try somewhere else. In one word  ""DISGUSTING""",Date of stay: August 2010,1.0
194,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or190-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",Trauma !!!,The worst place I’ve ever stayed in. My “acceptance” level is very low but that was something special. Stay away from it !!!,Date of stay: February 2010,1.0
195,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or195-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",Fleas!,Fleas! Took a lot of wrangling to cancel the next two nights stay. Americans will lust after the wide open spaces at Motel 6. Good location,Date of stay: July 2010,1.0
196,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or195-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",Cheap and nasty - DO NOT STAY HERE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!,"What can I say.  Arrived 6.30pm.  Checked in.  Went to room, had to climb over a pile of dirty laundry infront of my door.  Went to turn the TV on and it did not work.  Went to reception to complain.  The night porter came to my room and he looked at  the TV and said ""It should work it is new"".  Well it did not work and he could not get it to work, and he could not find a maintanance man within the chain of hotels that was working.  So after an hour I gave up.  I asked for another room and was told NO!  I asked for a partial refund.  To be told that he was not authorised.  I asked to speak to the Manager.  The manager was not in till Monday.  (It was a Saturday I was there).  The night porter told me to speak to the day porter in the morning.  So back up in the room, I went to…",Date of stay: July 2010,1.0
197,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or195-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",DIRTY ROOM AND BEDBUGS,"I spent five nights at Hotel Olympia last week and I do not recommend it to anyone. I was reading some reviews about it previously but I did not want to believe that there are bedbugs there. I thought some guests have very high demand, but later I experienced the problem myself.  To tell the truth, our room was really dirty. When we were given the key and entered our room, we found the previous guest's rubbish in the dustbins and on the table there was half a bottle of mineral water. The carpet had not been hoovered. The only thing that was clean was the bathroom.  On the second day I found huge red spots on my neck and arms, and a few days later they appeared on my legs, too. First I thought it was food allergy, but later I found ugly small bugs on the bedsheet. I had to go to…",Date of stay: July 2010,1.0
198,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or195-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",BECAREFUL HERE!!!! ---BEWARE OF BEDBUGS--- NIGHTMARE!!!! LOOK THE VIDEO,"the worst hotel ever! i killed more than 10 bed bugs 1st night! here is a video on my bed:  http://video.yahoo.com/watch/7831338/20740516 at morning(after a non sleep night)i had about 20 bites, went for the breakfast which was a plate of cornflakes,bread,coffee :~ CHECK RATES OF THIS HOTEL HERE TOO http://www.travelstay.com/pages/HotelOlympia.htm http://www.booking.com/hotel/gb/hotelolympialondon.en.html I WAS SO STUPID THAT I DIDNT SEE THEM! NEVER GO THERE!!! BECAREFULL!",Date of stay: May 2010,1.0
199,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or195-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",Bed bugs and horrible breakfast!,"This horrible place should not even be hotel! The room is small. We were biten by bed bugs, did not sleep (traffic and terrible breakfast from 8am to 9am). Breakfast room was small. Everything was on the table so nobody will ask for more, ""toast"" was warm bread, two russian women did not speak one word of english and the music was too loud. Just a nightmare!  Please dont even think about staying there! Its better to pay more and be safe and feel comfortable.",Date of stay: June 2010,1.0
200,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or200-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",I strongly urge others to avoid this hotel,"The hotel looked unappealing from the outside, and reception confirmed this view.  When paying we were asked for cash as the receptionist had not had his wages yet, and he would be able to take his wage from our cash payment (we did not oblige!)  The room was tiny, the bed uncomfortable and whoever sleeps next to the wall must climb across the other to get in and out of bed as there is no room to manoeuvre around the bed. The room was unbearably hot, forcing us to open a window, making us freeze.   We are both easy going, patient people, and thought it would be ok for the 3 nights as we only had to sleep and shower there, but after 1 uncomfortable, virtually sleepless night we found an alternative hotel the next morning and left.  Whilst we did not expect outstanding luxury when…",Date of stay: February 2010,1.0
201,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or200-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London","Heavy traffic 24/7, bed bugs & prostitutes - beware.","Yes we got this room for £40 in advance, chosen for the central location, but i would have paid someone double that to have gotten me out of there at the time. Our room was in the basement, walls were grimy, bed held up with wood, right by a busy main road.  We thought that as we were out for the evening , we were only booked for one night & it was just somewhere to rest our heads. We got in at midnight & there was still heavy fraffic on the road, & we then realised that the window wasnt properly attatched, hence why it sounded like you were sat on the road. We ended up with cotton wool in our ears & pillows over our heads & still could not drop off to sleep. Then at 3am the next room became 'occupied' by a couple - lets just say that nearly an hour we could hear ALL of their…",Date of stay: February 2010,1.0
202,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or200-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",Warning!,"In a nutshell, my advice is to avoid this hotel. The room was heavily infested by bed bugs - I received 20-30 bites during the night. There is no doubt about the cause as I caught one red handed (which will never bite again). Breakfast was pathetic with a glass of orange juice and a bowl of cornflakes laid out at every place followed up by a cup of instant coffee and some toasted 'plastic' bread. I chose this hotel in a hurry on the 'first hit in the right place' principle. In future I will take a little more care.",Date of stay: December 2009,1.0
203,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or200-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",My assessment of Hotel olympia at Earls Court ,I checked in with my wife on 22 October 2009. The reception was very excellent and signing in was very fast and stress free. I enjoyed the free breakfast and the service was splendid. The TV was too small same for the bath. To the extent I have to squeezed my self inside. Money is not the issue but comfort. I spent a night as against 4nights I paid for and relocated without asking for a refund.,Date of stay: November 2009,3.0
204,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or200-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",Wonderfull Tiny Hotel,"Cheap small room but lovely tiny hotel convenience with metro only 3 minutes walk and near McDonald and super market, flea market on the week end.",Date of stay: September 2009,3.0
205,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or205-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London","great price, great location","I just returned from a one night stay at this hotel,I literally arrived here about 11pm and checked out at 10am. it was perfect for my needs. the bathroom was spotless, the sheets and towels were clean and the location was a 2 minute walk from earls court tube station and the room had a working tv! I paid £40 for a double room so what I am complaining about I didn't really mind. the paint on the wall was peeling, there were scuff marks around the bin, there was no air conditioning (but the window opened and there was a nice breeze, we were up early so early noise didn't bother us). The breakfast could really be skipped, it consisted of a bowl of cornflakes, half a glass of orange juice and toast with margarine(definitely not butter) which was all a little bit unedible. The room…",Date of stay: September 2009,4.0
206,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or205-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",Great location,"The hotel has great location. It is not new or posh but what do you expect for 60 pounds per double room. The bathroom was nice, room was clean and ok. Yes they should paint the walls and repair small holes in walls, but we used this hotel just to sleep, so it was perfect. We went for breakfast only once, yes you get OJ, coffee, cornflake, toast and terrible margarine and jam, but again I dont care. So for our purposes it was great. Staff was very nice and helpful.",Date of stay: July 2009,3.0
207,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or205-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",Beautiful hotel on one of central Londons most popular attraction area,"i stayed at this hotel for almost a week and I found that the service was brilliant and all rooms were en-suite. As soon as you enter the Hotel you get a warm feeling as it is a clean and refurbished/modern hotel. To be honest the quality of the rooms were excellent (as good as a 5* hotel) As I stayed here with my children, the hotel also gives breakfast with great service I would definately recommend anyone to stay here as it is close to many of londons popular attractions such as the famous museums.  I will definately be visiting again.",Date of stay: January 2009,5.0
208,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or205-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",Traveller Beware,"After planning trip to Europe, as my wife is recovering from breast cancer. The hotel is described as ""all rooms recently refurbished"". Our room was in the basement, filthy, dirty bed perhaps bed bugs, dirty rug, old furniture with minature flat screen TV- this must be the refurbished part. Hospital spray was sprayed in room to cover up dirt smell. Although we paid for 3 nights, we left for another hotel. We meet three elderly travelers from Australia who were in same predicament but had no other funds. Shame on the owners for Cheating people with a filthy dump. I am reporting this to hotel regulators because no one should have to be faced with this on vacation.",Date of stay: May 2009,1.0
209,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or205-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London","low price good service,u shouldn't come back without meet with Sada the gorgeous gentle, receptionist.","most of the people complaining about this hotel. but  this is exageration,they should think positive.in a low price this hotel is ok. although there is some -ive points but these are available may be in a 5 star hotel as well. during my saty in the hotel olympia i am writing my review in the following points. +ive points.  *Low price *good service *near to the tube station *access to each histotrical place *very very good and helpful staff,especially sada,you shouldn;t come back to your home unless you met with him. *clean room *new refurbished bath room. *daily new bath towels/soap. *hair dryer *tea/cofee facilty *tv *telephone *heating system *free wi-fi -ive points *small room *small break fast hall *only 1 hour for the breakfast",Date of stay: February 2009,4.0
210,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or210-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",No Lift!,"The hotel is in a fantastic area, very close to Earls Court station, and lots of cheap Restaurants nearby, however be aware, the rooms are tiny, bathroom was very smelly and the hotel has no lift - this made the trip up to the 3rd floor with 2 x 25kg bags certainly an experience I would rather forget",Date of stay: April 2009,2.0
211,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or210-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",What a nightmare,"This Hotel is the worst I have stopped in throughout my life the rooms are cold and damp there are no bottoms in any of the draws the plays stinks of fusty spices or something and the staff are not very helpful. Tea making facilities are a joke plastic paper cups that melt as soon as you put warm, not hot water in them The staff go in your room when you go out, god no's why but I would not trust any of them. The breakfast is a joke you either like cornflakes or you can't have any other cereal, toast is cold, but at least tea was ok and in proper cups. It is absolutley terrible. DO NOT STAY HERE",Date of stay: March 2009,1.0
212,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or210-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",Must try to be positive,"If I were English, I should be embarrassed that guests to the country were subjected to such filthy accommodation.   Seeing the A4 page pinned to the door with 'PUSH' handwritten on it caused unease and when I opened the door, the offensive smell that I encountered, confirmed my worst fears. Filthy stairs and bedroom carpets, tiny room where bathroom door could only be opened 30 degrees before it made contact with the bed, filthy duvet with large (ink?) stains, filthy net curtains covering only half of the window, main filthy curtain reached three quarters of the width --- all conspired to make my two nights stay a most horrific experience.   But it was the smell on entering the front door (and permeated the entire building) that compounded what was a most horrific business trip…",Date of stay: January 2009,1.0
213,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or210-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",Bed Bugs in bed.Left hotel at 1am in the morning!!,"We stayed at this hotel last night as it seemed to be the nearest and cheapest hotel to the Olympia Grand Hall. What a mistake! The hotel is dirty, old fashioned and the service is awful. I stayed in better hotels in other countries!!! Things that were wrong with the hotel: 1) Damp in the room and ceiling (See photo) 2) Only channel 5 on the TV 3) Fire door in room had a paddlock on and there were no other fire escape (See photo) 4) Catch on window was broken which meant our room was at risk whilst out 5) Room was yards away from main road so constant traffic noise 6) Dirty bed linen and quilt (See photo) 7) Towels are damp and a dirty grey colour 8) Dirty sheets stored in basement hallway 9) Carpet in room was off cuts and very dusty 10) Plastic cups in room were dusty Finally,…",Date of stay: August 2008,1.0
214,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or210-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",Absolutely Horrific,"Just returned from London on business.  I have never experienced such a nightmare establishment in my life.  Have been to London many times before but have never seen anything like this.    This place is dirty in every sense of the word.  Definitely not a place I would bring a family.  The staff were rude, the owner was inconsiderate (Mr. Soroya), and the place was just a dump.    The only thing this place has going is it's location.  But I would stay 100 miles out of London just to avoid this place.    Save yourself.  You'll catch some sort of disease from this place.",Date of stay: July 2008,1.0
215,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or215-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",You get what you pay for in life...,"This hotel is close to Earls Court Tube Station (2 streets away) and cheap. However, Don't be fooled by the charm of Earls Court Square into thinking you have booked a great room for a great price. The hotel needs a lot of attention and as you approach the property, the colour of the net curtains gives you an appetiser of what is in store. I had been allocated a room in the basement which was small for a double but had an ensuite. The room was basic but clean (apart from the curtains which looked like they had never seen water) I was unable to keep the window open which was a bit of an issue as it was a hot day. There was no plug in the handbasin and i would suggest taking an extra towel or two as you are provided with only one per person (no hand towel or bathmat). Being on -1…",Date of stay: June 2008,2.0
216,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or215-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",The Worst Experience I Ever Had,"This is the worse experience I have ever had.  My friend and I  stayed there for 3 days and 2 nights and would never want to recommend this to anyone.  The room is so small that we could not move around the twin room they have us in.  The service was the worst.  For example, we asked them where China Town is and the reply was ""Oh you have a map yeah?  Maybe you can look it up.""  Not only that, they literally called me a liar when I tried to let them be aware that I got their phone number off the website when I googled for the hotel and it was a wrong one.  Breakfast was just cereal and toast (I had better breakfast at a B&B instead of what so call a ""3 star hotel"".  We did not have a good night sleep because the cars on the street are so loud.  They did not offer any service…",Date of stay: April 2008,1.0
217,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or215-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London","For that price, one of the best in London","I don't know what all those people here are complaining about. For that price, it is a fine hotel. I stayed in many hotels in London, but this was the best in this price range. Room was clean and well furnished (two beds, a bedside table, a tv-table with four drawers and a closet with space to hang stuff and two drawers). The beds even had duvets, rather unique in this price range in London I should say. Bathroom was small, but clean and conveniently equipped - a shower cabin with thermostically controlled tap, a wash basin with idem tap and a toilet. Usually, British hotels haf wash basins with two taps - this is much better. Clean towels every day and daily maid service. Breakfast is basic, but good. Typically British - toast, jam, cereals, orange juice (juice and not dirty…",Date of stay: April 2008,4.0
218,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or215-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London","small, crap, smelly and dirty","Please don't make my mistake, do not  EVER think to go in this hotel, don't get attracted by the price.    The room is incredibly small, little bigger then the bed itself. The smell in the room was unbelievable, it wasn't possible to sleep because of the smell.  The curtains were horrible and dirty, the furniture was broken, dust everywhere, holes in the wall. No housekeeping or cleaning for 3 days, the personnel in the reception was unpleasant and mute.  This hotel made my trip a nightmare, please go to a youth hostel if you want something cheap, but never ever in this hotel.",Date of stay: February 2008,1.0
219,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or215-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",Ambivalent,"The location isn't as bad as some have commented. We actually found the location to be very convenient. We would catch one of the  frequent buses to the Kensington High Street station, which would only take a few minutes. Btw, my husband and I are good walkers and the Kensington High Street Station could not be considered within walking distance of the hotel. This is a matter of opinion, obviously. We were doing tremendous amounts of walking during our touring throughout the day and the last thing we felt like doing was walking down a crowded sidewalk for over one mile to and from the tube station. The Olympia station is close by, of course, but we only used this on the day of arrival from the airport b/c of lack of frequent service at this particular station. We enjoyed using…",Date of stay: November 2007,3.0
220,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or220-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",Wost Hotel Ever!,"This is quite possibly the worst hotel I have ever stayed in, and I've been to some stinkers. The first problem with the hotel is that they ""lost"" my booking, claiming I had phoned to cancel the room when I definitely had not, since I was seeing a concert at the neighbouring Earls Court and would have no way of getting home after the show. They still checked us in, but now I wish they hadn't. Next was the tiny room. No larger than the double bed itself, when one person stood up, the other person had to get on the bed or go into the bathroom. You can't get two people in the room very easily. Once returning from the show we then faced a sleepless night on a very uncomfortable bed with a single thin pillow, uncontrollable heating that got too hot...even in winter and a variety of…",Date of stay: December 2007,1.0
221,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or220-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",OH MY GOSH... don't go there... DEAD MOUSE...,"I have discovered TripAdvisor not long ago, that's why I am writing my review today, after 2 years... Obviously I will never forget this hotel. The location is good, I have been there for only (luckily) two nights... Outside it was not so bad, when we arrived inside we were not happy because of the cold warm we have been given... inside the hotel was very old, without lift and we had to carry it on our own... but... the best is yet to come. We went in the room, look around and there was a DEAD MOUSE on the floor! Shocked, we went to the manager. He was very calm, not shocked at all, he simply gave us another key for another room.  The room was small, without a double-bed, it was only a bigger single bed, the forniture was awful and we couldn't sleep because of the shock of the…",Date of stay: August 2005,1.0
222,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or220-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",Hated this hotel,"I definitely would NOT recommend this hotel to anyone. I stayed there for two nights and will not do so again. The room was small with a hard bed and only one flat pillow that gave my head no support whatsoever. I asked for more pillows but they never materialized. The obviously recently installed en-suite bathroom was nicely decorated with a good shower but, again, was very small. The TV did not work properly, the kettle did not work at all and I was in a basement room right next to a very busy Warwick Road with the noise of passing traffic ringing in my ears all night long! The curtains were grubby and the whole thing was shabby and not worth the money I paid for it. Finally breakfast was limited to just a glass of orange juice, cornflakes, which had already been poured out…",Date of stay: June 2007,1.0
223,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or220-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",Don't stay here!,"Just back from a stay at the hotel olympia or should i say jailhouse olympia! the rooms were clean but small with horrible curtains and carpets. Bars were outside the window so we couldn't open it. There was no option for breakfast except cornflakes and toast with only marmalade and butter, no jam!i would def pay the money to stay somewhere nicer because luxurious it ain't! ",Date of stay: May 2007,1.0
224,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or220-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",Worst hotel ever!!!,This is the worst hotel ever. I booked direct and got very deceived by their photos. The check in was terrible and my room was disgusting. The floor was very damp and was very small. I wouldn't let my dog sleep here!!! ,Date of stay: July 2006,1.0
225,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or225-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",Great - if you love ANIMALS!,"I went to London a couple of times an stayed in hostels and various hotels - I've already had cheaper but a lot better hotels. I know that the rooms in London are tiny - that's no problem for me since I only want to sleep and not dance in my room. But that's exactly the problem.  I booked via a website which gives you a discount on the room rate and I think that was the reason why on arrival the mute staff handed me over the key ""B2"" - never ever accept that one! It's not only basement but also straight onto the street - the cars go by at the height of your head - you can never ever open a window!  I immediately went back up and requested another room, the staff said I could change the next day but since I did not accept that I was given another room on the first floor - it had…",Date of stay: February 2007,1.0
226,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or225-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",Deluxe my eye,"Having been told of the two rooms I had booked they only knew of 1 what a start, should have know straight away this hotel was a BIG mistake, as in mistake only not Big. The rooms are Tiny - the deluxe double is little more than a queen size if that, and to advertise as deluxe is a joke, they are the complete  opposite.   Breakfast was an experience, wet table from being rained in on, and then being offered cornflakes, already pored out I might add, to chepo bread for the toast (bulk buy from costsco maybe - and that is not being fair on costco)- what a delight - NOT ",Date of stay: November 2006,1.0
227,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or225-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",Don't bother,"At least the room was clean and the bathroom newly tiled... but luckily I was alone - even though it was called a ""double"" there was just enough room for a *small* double bed, and no space for any luggage. Forget about a bedside table as the bed was in an alcove - great for the alarm clock and water. The tea bags were dusty - not even wrapped - and the plastic cups get a bit soft when you pour hot water in... No idea what the breakfast is like as you can only get it between 8am and 9am, which isn't practical if you have to leave earlier.  Oh, and take your own curtain for the bathroom window - there wasn't one. Nice view from the shower, but that goes both ways!  And don't ask reception for directions - they didn't even know how to get to a nearby tube station. Look on the bus…",Date of stay: September 2006,2.0
228,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d498338-Reviews-or225-Hotel_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Olympia Reviews, London",Stay away......beware,"Do not go near this hotel. You can't swing a cat in the rooms. Its dingy, dirty, under resourced. No dining room. What a kip. stay away..........stay away Word of warning.......stay away ",Date of stay: June 2006,1.0
