,link,hotel_name,review_headline,review,review_date,review_score
0,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or0-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",Worst thing ever,I hate being such a K A R E N but this is the most horrible hotel Ive every stayed in. It is just so dirty and disgusting. We got there and the toilet was not flushed and yellow from the previous guest. There was hair on the bed and the room and bathroom smelled so BAD. We had a shower and felt dirtier after like how is that possible? The TV doesnt work as there was only 1 battery and I tried turning on the lights and it just flickered the whole time. You can also hear the movements of the guests above you so the ceiling kept squeaking. The receptionists are so blunt and unwelcoming also asked us for a £50 pounds deposit (which wasnt mentioned on the website when we booked it) like were gonna steal or break something from their dutty ass room and when they asked for the deposit they said to do it by cash so my boyfriend who was already really tired btw literally had to walk and find a cash machine. I honestly dont know how this hotel is still open and has customers. Its a trap go and stay somewhere else. Were gonna need a good scrub after this stay cause weve never felt so dirty after leaving a hotel.…,Date of stay: May 2021,1.0
1,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or0-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",DO NOT STAY HERE EVER!,"I would t even give this place a single star if I had the choice....  If you book here you will regret it, save your money and find a clean decent hotel. The pictures are nothing like the real thing.   I had booked with booking,com not knowing it was a partner offer with Agado. You will not get your money back.  On arrival I was finally checked in and given a room key. 3rd floor, no lift. Luckily I hadn’t packed much as it was a work trip which wasn’t a problem.   On entering the room it was absolutely disgusting, the room smelt of stale air and that distinctive smell of mould.  The room had not been cleaned for I don’t know how long.  Stains on the wall, no cup for coffee or tea, TV had no remote and TV was placed on a chair in the corner of this tiny little room, tv bracket broken. Tiled shower room floor had broken tiles, not great for bare feet and a dangerous hazard.  Lamp above bed falling off a dirty stains on the side of the bed. No way would I feel clean in this bed.  I have attached the pictures so see for yourself.  I was shown another room and it smelt exactly the same if not worse than the first one.   I asked to be fully refunded because of the state of the rooms but was refused even though I had shown up but I had left because of the disgusting state of the rooms offered to me.   I have never walked from a hotel and I’ve stayed in plenty, if you have a lung condition you will probably become poorly.   Not safe for kids either. 3rd floor window you could completely open it all the way up. No safety catches whatsoever.   I immediately rung booking,com and made a complaint.  I will also be contacting the so called partner Agado and writing a complaint to them too.   This is an honest and truthful review of the So Paddington  Please see pictures that were taken on the 4th of may 2021 so very recent, enjoy your stay!…",Date of stay: May 2021,1.0
2,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or0-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",Never got there,"We booked through agoda for 1 night in june 2020, we had tickets for the England game at wembley. This was moved forward a year due to the pandemic. We asked the hotel if we could change our dates to 2021, they said yes, just to let them know when we had a date. Despite numerous emails to them after the new date was set we have heard nothing. I tried to get in touch with Agoda but to no avail. Their customer relation skills are non existent. We would like our money back but they won't answer ant correspondence. I won't be using Agoda again and I certainly wouldn't recommend this hotel.",Date of stay: June 2020,1.0
3,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or0-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",Worst budget hotel ever!,"My friend and I booked this hotel because it was a great location and a great price. However, we walked in and the floors were stained as were the beds. The curtains were falling off the rod and were not able to keep the light out at all.  The toilet seat wouldn’t even stay up on its own and the shower was barely big enough to stand in much less try to take a shower in.   We actually left and have requested a full refund, but no luck as of yet.   We live in Europe and have traveled many places and stayed in many European hotels. Please know we are used to the difference in hotel room sizes compared to the US.   I would recommend not staying here. We actually ended up changing to a Hilton and it was $150 cheaper for our two night stay. ",Date of stay: March 2020,1.0
4,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or0-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",Clean and nice location,The room and bathroom was clean although it was a bit small. However the bathroom sink was not working well. The location was good because it was near the station. There are many takeaway restaurants and pubs around that place.,Date of stay: November 2019,3.0
5,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or5-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",Good Value Great Location,"Please remember that this is a budget hotel. Surprisingly, some people who have reviewed the hotel on this site expect a large room and bathroom, plus a lift or wide staircase. If that's what you want, you should choose an expensive hotel in London - there are many to choose from. I paid £96 for two nights and was pleasantly surprised. The room and bathroom were clean. The bed was very comfortable and the shower, though small, provided plenty of hot water with good pressure. The staff are super friendly and helpful. The receptionists and the cleaning / housekeeping staff are a credit to the hotel. The location is perfect for local pubs, restaurants, supermarkets and public transport. I would definitely return.",Date of stay: January 2020,4.0
6,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or5-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",Don’t come here,"I went back to this hotel again but this time I was even more surprised, not that I had anything good to say about the last time I stayed at this hotel which has only one advantage close to Paddington train station, but this time the payment was 89 pounds per night and I was given a fourth floor room and of course no elevator  With a very narrow staircase that could hardly be brought up with a suitcase, I immediately canceled the booking and they were not willing to pay a refund and just owed me the whole amount for 4 nights, shame and disgrace I will never return to this hotel and certainly do not recommend anyone to approach this hotel",Date of stay: January 2020,1.0
7,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or5-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",weekend away,"On the web site the rooms look amazing when you arrive it is a totally different story, the rooms are tiny, if you swung a cat you would bounce it's head off the walls (Sorry cat lovers) the bathroom is fit for a hobbit I think even their feet would be too big sitting on the toilet (Sorry all you Hobbit's out there) The room was clean to a fashion ok if you was a Goth, (Sorry Goth's) This was not just a view of 1 room as we were away with friends so could compare 2 rooms. Breakfast was something else OK if you liked crunchy nut cornflakes,toast and jam or croissants, Voila continental breakfast yummy. The view from our friends room was nice as it overlooked the square we were in, our room was was a dirty dingy looked like a lift shaft with nesting pigeons cooing most of the…",Date of stay: December 2019,2.0
8,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or5-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",Wouldn’t recommend,"The only positive thing about this hotel is the location about 1 minute walk from Paddington station. On arrival we were given a tiny room under the stairs. Looked nothing like the photos online . The room was so small there was no where to put our luggage. The shower and the toilet were in separate rooms  and the door to the shower room opened Inwards so It was a struggle to even get into the shower room .There was no proper heating in the room just a small stand alone heater the room was extremely cold the whole time. The door to the toilet got stuck for one night , staff were friendly but were unable to get the door open so we were left overnight with no toilet or sink have to use the toilet at reception until we managed to get it open ourselves. Although it is a budget hotel…",Date of stay: November 2019,1.0
9,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or5-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",Worst ‚hotel’ experience ever,"I CAN NOT RECOMMEND THIS HO(S)TEL The hotel rooms don’t look any like the rooms on the advertisement. The shower is so small, it’s almost impossible to fit in it.  The streets are noisy and walls thin. The rooms come without air condition or a proper fan, heating up and smelling quite easily during the hot Summer.  There are many rooms in the basement, facing the streets or on upper floors but without (!) windows. Not to mention the ‚breakfast‘.",Date of stay: July 2019,1.0
10,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or10-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",Don't even bother,"This place is genuinely awful. It was booked because we were booking separate rooms for a different amount of night and it said we could pay at the hotel. Upon check in they informed me everything had already been paid for, they had processed the payment on June 20th, 10 days before we showed up. We had been intending on paying separately. When I brought this up, the receptionist had no answer for me and didn't particularly care.  My room, a supposed single, was in the basement, down a narrow set of stairs accessed through a crappy little door with no guard rail. No offer of help with my suitcase. Upon opening the door I was assaulted by the stench of very strong bleach and the window was open to try and air out the smell. Initially it seemed a bit dingy but as I was only…",Date of stay: July 2019,1.0
11,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or10-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely staff,"It’s a small hotel very convenient to Paddington station and local shops/cafes. Clean in common areas. The reception staff Hugo, bushir and Georganna went out of their way to help and find solutions.   Negatives: The room carpet had stains. Bathroom was tiny, no lift,  No aircon (for those it matters for).   Overall a positive experience",Date of stay: June 2019,3.0
12,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or10-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London","Disappointed , small hotel thanks to hotel Expedia ...","13-17 June 2019 booked with hotel Expedia for Norfolk Plaza Hotel went reached hotel says no booking asked to call Expedia spent 3 hours waiting finally got us a Hotel opposite So Paddington hotel (4N) was given room 102 . Room was very small no room for luggage , 4 hangers , no mirror every morning had to fight to use them, taking a shower was like rubbing the wall , breakfast was very normal bread, cereal every morning (would not pay or recommend), what you see from the pictures given from the website was so different . The best part was given 4 pillows . 1 was lumpy , my bed had a Hugh crater (big lump sinking in) were I was sleeping which hurt my back . After 2nd night made a complain the lady who was smiling at me says no problem she will get it sorted. I asked her twice…",Date of stay: June 2019,1.0
13,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or10-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",Great prices for an awful room!!,"Stayed here with my partner for 2 nights and they were the worst two nights I have stayed in a hotel. The room was tiny and there was barely room to walk around the bed, the walls were manky and the window was filthy dirty and you could constantly hear people outside during the night as the window didn’t close properly. The “wardrobe” in the room was so dangerous, it wasn’t bracketed to the wall and many times when we tried to open the door it would almost tip towards you. The walls in the hotel were paper thin and we could constantly hear the guests next door or the room above us walking around, it was very difficult to sleep during nighttime as you could hear everything going on. The shower was a child’s size and made it very hard to enjoy a shower! When we arrived at the…",Date of stay: May 2019,1.0
14,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or10-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",Bad bad bad hotel,"The staff is very nice and welcoming but the hotel is horrible, the rooms are very small, the shower is only for short people, no elevator, no air conditioning, and they are not cleaning the room . The good things is the staff and that it’s close to Paddington Station",Date of stay: January 2019,1.0
15,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or15-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",“Very disappointing and costly. Central London YHA would have been better choice on this occasion :-(”,"PLUS SIDE -- Being close to Paddington station, the property is in a very good location. Staff were pleasant, but did not exceed what one would expect. Sadly not a lot of good points to make on this occasion. Viewers may wish to take note from further comments below.  DOWN SIDE -- As I was on my own I booked a single room. The room was very spacious and had two single beds, however, despite the size of the room, the shower cubicle/bathroom area was incredibly tiny. Hotel owners may wish to consider increasing size of shower/bathroom area by several inches given the size of the rest of the room! Quite honestly, you could make two decent sized single/double rooms with a better sized bathroom area in the room I stayed in (room 12). Room 12 is on the ground level and at the front of…",Date of stay: September 2018,3.0
16,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or15-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",Shocking and unfit to be called a hotel!,Do not stay at this hotel under any means! The only plus is the location . We are usually happy with a clean comfy bed and shower. But this doesnt provide those basics. How it is allowed to stay open is beyond me! We arrived on the friday night. To a room that was no bigger than a cupboard.  ( we could cope with that! ) our room 204. Was on the 2nd floor and faced the gardens . Which would have been nice except the windows were filthy and the glass had a huge crack the entire length that was held together with sellotape! That night was freezeing cold and unable to sleep. The radiators were stone cold so spoke to the reception  who said oh yes the heating isnt working . It would be fixed on sunday! I said it was so cold and a draft coming through the cracked window. Her husband…,Date of stay: December 2018,1.0
17,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or15-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",Avoid at all costs!!,"We stayed in the So Paddington a few days ago. We were greeted by a friendly receptionist and went through check-in, after we got our keycard we went to our room - up 3 flights (no lifts) on a rather narrow stair. Once we got to the door of our room the key card didn't work, I knocked on the door and were greeted by a rather sleepy looking man, so we thought our room must be double booked. I went down to reception and she apologised and gave us all free breakfast and offered us another room. When we got to this room the ensuite door wouldn't open, the maintenance guy went away to see if he could find his toolbox but came back after 5 mins and said he wouldn't be able to get it open, so we were then offered another room on the second floor. We finally got into our rather dingy…",Date of stay: November 2018,1.0
18,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or15-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",Really Small Rooms & Not Very Clean,"I recently stayed @ SO Paddington, when i checked in the rooms were very small and the bed was very old and the mattress sunken,  I will be honesty and say i slept on top of the bed as i was worried about bed bugs. The ensuite i had was very small, the shower had a bi-fold door which you had to squeeze yourself into before you could close the door, when the shower was switched on it slowly released itself to shut off, not ideal when you are showering.  The view i had was to the front of the hotel which was ok.  One good thing was the location, close to the tube station but nothing else going for it really. Would i stay again? No Would i recommend? No",Date of stay: October 2018,2.0
19,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or15-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",Worst hotel experience,"When I showed up, they didn't have a room for me and shipped me tot their sister hotel. The sister hotel was further away from the airport, which is why I chose the original hotel in the first place. Not only that but the sister hotel was much older and jankier. The room was so small, no heat, and the windows had gaps so air was coming through as well as noise. There was a bus stop right out my window and there was hair in the shower and looked like it hadn't been cleaned. I would not recommend either hotel at this point, and I was not even comped anything for the issue.",Date of stay: October 2018,1.0
20,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or20-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",Don't pay attention to a lot of these negative reviews--way over-blown,"Yes, the rooms are small.  This hotel and the ones around it were built in the 1800s.  If you're expecting some American suburban hotel, look elsewhere. My experience was that it was clean and comfortable.  There is no elevator because...1800s.  The staff was friendly, the room was inexpensive and you can't beat the location.  It was less than 5 minutes walk--with luggage--to the platform at Paddington. There is a great pub (The Dickens Pub) right around the corner. A Garfunkels which serves breakfast all day is a block away. There are souvenir shops and a pharmacy near by.  Are there better hotels in the area? Probably.  This one is a little dated. But, again. It was clean, comfortable and cheap.  I'd stay again.",Date of stay: October 2018,3.0
21,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or20-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",Just choose some other hotel,"This is the worst experience I ever had travelling! When I booked the hotel, I filled out all of the information (my phone number, email) and I contacted the hotel to tell them at what time I was arriving. Well, they were not as informative. I arrived after midnight and at the moment they tell me that they do not have the room for me! My room had a small fire before my arrival. They had to know that before I came but no one messaged me! So I was left shocked in the middle of the night by their idea to transfer me to another hotel. I chose this hotel because of the location because this was my first time in London! The area of the other hotel was ok but it wasn't what I have wanted. But my nighmare starts after coming back home... On the morning of my check out, they billed me…",Date of stay: August 2018,1.0
22,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or20-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",Not a place I would choose again,We stayed there while renovation was ongoing. The patrons were a bit noisy. The staff not always supportive. The rooms extremly small. But the location was central very close to Paddington station. Good food around.,Date of stay: July 2018,2.0
23,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or20-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",The worst hotel in London,"We booked the So Paddington for two nights in London, and upon arrival (at 11pm) we were told that the hotel was experiencing 'maintenance issues' (which they would not elaborate on) and we would be moved to their sister hotel on the other side of London. Bearing in mind that we booked the Paddington because of its location as we were attending a gig in Hyde park, we refused. The receptionist was apathetic at most and the manager would not offer us a room. We contacted the site we booked through and then spent the next 3 hours trying to find alternative accommodation.   We were absolutely exhausted after driving for 4 hours, walking round London with our bags, and then being on the phone to our booking agent for 3 hours; this was all because the hotel had PURPOSEFULLY…",Date of stay: July 2018,1.0
24,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or20-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",WORST HOTEL I HAVE EVER BEEN TO,"We arrived in London on Friday night to be told they had no room for us, we were told that they had overbooked, another gentleman in reception had the same and advised us they had sold our rooms for more money due to events happening in London.  The staff were rude and totally unhelpful, they offered us another room in another part of London which would not have worked for us.  When i was talking to the lady on reception her words when we said we were not happy were ""whey are you telling me this, it is not my fault"", I am unsure who I was supposed to tell, maybe the wall, we may have got a better response, they did not care we had no where to stay.  Fortunately booking.com were really helpful and whilst we waited in a nearby bar they found us somewhere else to stay.  I am not…",Date of stay: July 2018,1.0
25,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or25-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",Not bad,"Really not as bad as some of the reviews here, but much could be improved naturally. But then it would be more expensive. My brother booked this place for us and we shared a room. This is a budget hotel on a street with other numerous cheap hotels in the area. I am not rich & don't like pouring all my hard-earned money into hotels when I am traveling & just using it to sleep anyway. I am out touring all day so why waste all my money paying crazy high prices right? So this hotel will do the job helping save money. Your right near the subway and very convenient location with stores everywhere. Natalia, the sweet front desk lady was very kind and helpful, which helped make our stay seem more pleasant.  When checking out my brother ended up grabbing the wrong suitcase that looked…",Date of stay: February 2018,3.0
26,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or25-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London", Bad  hotel I ever been ,"Very dirty hotel, small rooms and shower really small, very difficult to shower, the toilet is in a crowded place and can barely be settled, cleaning the room is bad and the cleaners come to clean only in the afternoon, and they do not clean only towel replacements and do not add shampoo and soap, in breakfast It was hot water for coffee and orange juice was spoiled, you should not come to this hotel!!!!!!!!!!",Date of stay: July 2018,1.0
27,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or25-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",Digesting lieing staff,I recently stayed at your London hotel called the So Paddington on the 26/5/18.  It was around 8pm I went to my room and had no running hot water. I gave it about 15 mins to heat up and nothing.  Then the water was hardly even coming out it was dribbles. I went to reception and then the guy said their was nothing he could do and the plumber had already been.  He said he couldn’t give me another room because the hotel was full.  He then said all he can do is offer me a refund and tried to call his manager who didn’t answer so then he got me to right my email on my invoice and said my payment was pending with amoma and I wouldn't be charged.  I then asked him about other hotels in the area and he googled them for me which I found the Cardiff hotel which is located dead across from…,Date of stay: May 2018,1.0
28,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or25-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",Terrible,I bid for this room on Price line as a 3 star and it was maybe a 1 star. Room not clean  and poorly maintained. On the 3rd floor with out a elevator and no A/C. Had to open window which would not have been  bad except there is a noisy bar near by. Room was tiny even by London standards. I obviously do not recommend this hotel and would never stay there again.,Date of stay: May 2018,1.0
29,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or25-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",Grim,"I had originally booked a single room at SO Kings cross but had a call on the day of my arrival to say they had maintenance issues and would I mind relocating to their SO Paddington hotel and be upgraded to a double room with a complimentary breakfast thrown in. I read some of the reviews and was prepared for the worst. The room was on the third floor overlooking the park, which was nice. You can only see the park if the window is open as it’s pretty filthy. The location is great. Stairs up to the room are in desperate need of a clean, really disgusting and actually dangerous with bits of carpet coming off, a trip hazard! The room is basic and you can hear everything from the adjoining rooms. The carpet could do with a good clean, the curtain could do with a clean and the net…",Date of stay: June 2018,1.0
30,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or30-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",Very friendly staff and amazing value for money,"I originally booked SO Kings Cross for 1 night. I paid £51 which is VERY cheap for the location. On arrival the friendly receptionist asked if I wanted to transfer to SO paddington (but said I could stay if wanted, may have been overbooked but no pressure). I agreed. They paid the taxi there, threw in free breakfast (normally £5) and offered to extend my stay! I was impressed. At Paddington SO the staff were also lovely.  Pros: great location, lovely staff AND fantastic service, modernised room, clean,comfortable bed, tea and coffee AND toiletries. Absolute steal for the location.  Cons: yes rooms are small, yes stairway in narrow and winding (could be difficult if you have mobility issues), there is no soundproofing. But what can you expect for the price?  Would I stay again?…",Date of stay: April 2018,5.0
31,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or30-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",Dreadful..... One night was one too many,"Unlike most other reviewers, I was not given a choice about staying here, work sent me to London for a conference and booked this hotel on my behalf. Had I spent my own money on this hotel I would be absolutely fuming. What a joke. It's a dump. Dirty, dilapidated and in need of serious work.  Sometimes intuition is everything and walking towards the hotel I knew exactly what was coming. After waiting half an hour for someone to come to the front desk and actually check me in (taking a £50 security deposit in the process), I finally got to my room. Grim, the only word I can use to describe it. There was old blood splattered on one of the walls and the bed sheets were pretty dirty considering they're supposed to be washed. The shower door was basically crumbling to pieces at the…",Date of stay: March 2018,1.0
32,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or30-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",Avoid at All Costs,"Forget the 3 Stars.. Forget the pictures..Do not be conned, this place is not what it appears to be. I paid £300 for two nights and walked out after an hour. After i threatened to report the to the HSE and OFT they agreed to refund me one night. There are so many other much better hotels in area for less money. This ruined a very special occassion for me and my partner. Worst hotel I have ever stayed in.. Do not waste your money..",Date of stay: December 2017,1.0
33,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or30-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",Very bad experience,"We stayed at the So Paddington hotel 1 night. It was very bad experience. The hotel is so old, dirt hotel. The staff was tried to help us. Hotel rooms are very small and uncomfortable. Toilet and sink are very small. Shower room is so tiny and it is impossible to take shower. Room carpet is very dirty and disgusting. Towels are dirty. Continental Breakfast is so poor. I only want to say don't stay at the So Paddington Hotel.",Date of stay: February 2018,1.0
34,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or30-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",20 years Honeymoon trip . Dirty after cleaning . 700 pund was stolen of My wife sutecase egen We was arriwed to the eye,"Dirty after cleaning . The Personale on the So Hotel have stolen 700£ from My wife’s suitcase when We travel to London eye . The for was secure shot when We left . There is video camera who can SEE everybody who Get in and out our room. We like to se this videorecord. We did not SEE IT on the Hotel They Said They should investigate . One the portiers and cleaning people can go in to the room. They know What happened But offcourse They deny IT. Very Sad on our 20 years Honeymoon trip.  The Hotel was dirty room , small room, very small shower. Breakfast in kold cellar only bread, jam ,milkk/ Juice and breakfiest Cereals who cost 5 £ for 1 person !!!! Very bad. Very sad  story 😢",Date of stay: February 2018,1.0
35,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or35-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",The reviews are true!,"Went with friends and they booked the 2 rooms, they don’t use trip advisor! We read the reviews and knew exactly what to expect and we were not disappointed! We expected a dump and that’s what we got! We were on the third floor and a mouse ran under the door! Eventually, it went back into the hallway! Only stayed a night luckily! As long as people book it the owners will carry one with poor standard.   ",Date of stay: September 2017,1.0
36,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or35-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",Awful ,"I like others on here booked this hotel on the basis of its location and the photos looked alright. In my head I always think how bad can it be I’m only going to sleep there.  The room was tiny and absolutely filthy. But what I could not stand was the smell. This room has obviously been used as a smoking area as it smelt like an ash tray. Both my boyfriend and I woke up with sore throats. Yes it was that bad. I spoke to reception twice about it before going to bed. I asked if I could have a refund and I would find somewhere else to stay. I was told that I would not be able to get a refund unless I stayed. So I stayed. In the morning I was told that as I have used the facilities I could not have a refund... great!  Oh I almost forgot to mention, you can hear the underground…",Date of stay: December 2017,1.0
37,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or35-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",Dirty and no lift ,The carpet was filthy.  The bed had stains running down the side and the mattress was infested with fleas.  The bathroom was so small you had to pee sitting sideways and your knees were out the door - I'm 5 foot 6 and couldn't close the door while sitting down.  The window was absolutely covered in grime. Inside and out.  The chest of drawers was facing the bed with half a hands width from the edge of the bed...so you couldn't actually open any of the drawers. Not sure what it's purpose was really.  There was an incredibly disgusting stench of sewage and we could not work out if it was coming from our bathroom or outside the room. When you came back from a day out the first thing that hits you was the damp sewage smell.  Our first allocated room was in the attic. It was up 7…,Date of stay: October 2017,1.0
38,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or35-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",Yet to refund my security deposit,"The SO hotel is a basic paddington hotel. The room is barely big enough for a bed and for you to stand inside. When we booked, we had paid the full amount and got a message that nothing more was due. When we landed up, they insisted on a further 100 GBP deposit per room that we were promised would be refunded when we check out.  At the time of check out they said that the amount would be credited back to my credit card. Still waiting for two of the three deposits to be credited back",Date of stay: February 2017,2.0
39,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or35-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",Would not recommend,"I booked this hotel for its location and the fact that the photos on the website looked nice. I wasn't looking for 5* but i wanted somewhere at least pleasant. On the day before the booking, I was called and informed that we had to stay in their other hotel in Kings Cross due to ""maintenance issues"". I agreed due to the last minute nature of the change and also because the man on the phone confirmed the hotel was of the same standard.  On arrival at the Kings Cross hotel, we were greeted by a room which was extremely dingy, so small that you can even open the door fully, and very badly kept. We decided to stay elsewhere as it was in no way representative of the room we originally booked, and the lady at reception confirmed we would get a refund (due to the move).   It's been…",Date of stay: September 2017,1.0
40,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or40-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",Avoid this hotel ,"Dusty and dirty tiny room, couldn't even half open the door as the bed was in the way.  Kettle broken. Ceiling light faulty. Lampshades not fitted properly. Carpet filthy. Part of the door frame was missing. No hooks or mirrors to use. Shower room so small that you couldn't get in and close the door (I'm a size 12 and struggled) no shelves at all. Wobbly tap, curtains hanging by a thread.  Clear plastic table covers in the breakfast room really classy! Given a one point rating as the system would accept my review with a zero rate. Complained to customer services, no reply. ",Date of stay: September 2017,1.0
41,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or40-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",Vwry average,Stayed here for three nights. Had wanted ro cancel the booking a while ago as needed to be elsewhere. They were not cooperative as hooking was not direct. Not at all flexible even though  I gave them enough time. So I stayed and traveled long distance every day as it was non refundable. Now i know why... no way will I be a return client. They even forgot to wake me up for my morning flight. Thank God I woke up and just about made it... Phew. What an experience,Date of stay: September 2017,2.0
42,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or40-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",Nice stay,"Stay was nice, stayed there for 3 weeks, nice helpful staff ""Tania"" to mention. Nice breakfast and good cleaning service every morning.  Nice mid place location and good access to Tube stations, view is also good from the rooms",Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
43,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or40-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",Disappointing,"Hotel is in need of some work. The room we had was very poor and we will not return. We booked cheap as we planned on being out of the room and using it just as a place to sleep but even for that I wouldn't recommend it. There were stains on the bed, carpet, walls and towels and the bathroom was horrendous.   Staff we're friendly and helpful and the hotel location is fantastic and would definitely stay in Paddington again, but not here!",Date of stay: July 2017,2.0
44,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or40-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",Quite Basic but at excellent location,After reading all these negative reviews I was really afraid what I will experience. The girl at the reception was quite helpful and friendly and the room not a disappointment. I actually went with so many reservations due to the reviews that once I arrived I realized that a lot of them are overreacting. The room was basic but clean. Toilet was indeed too small and shower area tight but overall for me being there just for a sleep it was ok. It is 2 mins walk from Paddington tube station and close to a quite vibrant area of London. I am not sure I will stay again as I would like something more descent but if you are on a tight budget it might be a good choice. ,Date of stay: April 2017,3.0
45,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or45-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",Disgusting Hotel,"There is dark mold on the bathroom ceiling, big crusty spills on the carpet in the room, and the bathroom smells like sewage from some bad plumbing around the toilet. The smell was so foul we had to keep the window open with a fan blowing. Also, if you have heavy luggage, good luck navigating it up the narrow stairway (no lift available) and through the halls which are cluttered with towels and even a vacuum cleaner that was left out in the hall all week. I am a petite woman, but even I could barely turn around in the shower without banging my elbows on the walls. The only two slightly redeeming qualities of this hotel are the friendly staff at the front desk and the location of the hotel. Not only is it only a 2-3 minute walk from Paddington Station (which has an underground,…",Date of stay: August 2017,1.0
46,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or45-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",Oh dear what a disappointment,"We stayed here for an overnight stay while attending a wedding. The questions, extra deposits and additional ID are so over the top that it feels worse than going through airport security. Not welcoming at all. Finally got our room allocation, only to find it was on the 'third floor' - that's the attic to most of us. Neither of us are in good health and groaned at the idea of climbing so far up. To be fare the receptionist was going to look for a more suitable room, but at that point we were already desperate to lie down. Room was very shoddy re-paint work and curtains, missing cap on toilet flush and no way we would take a shower in that confined space. Mug had rust stains on the rim from the tray. On the various landings there was a bag of dirty linen left and a hoover too -…",Date of stay: August 2017,1.0
47,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or45-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",Do not stay here!!!,"We checked in at 10am. We were told we could leave our bag in the reception area (not very safe) then we went  into London.  Returned at 7pm to be told we didn't have a room anymore!! Maintenance problems apparently. What an absolute joke!! The poor receptionist who was  on her own said they would pay for us to go to their sister hotel half an hour away by taxi but wouldn't pay for us to return in the morning. This caused no end of drama for myself and my husband especially since it was our first night away  from our young children for a year and half. After demanding a refund,  asking to see the manager which all was declined we were forced to leave and search for another hotel as we needed to stay in that area.  10th July today and still no refund from lol.com the company…",Date of stay: June 2017,1.0
48,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or45-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",Very average experience,"Bad thing was that we arrived at the hotel after having a some trouble finding it due to being one of the only on the block with poor signage. Check in to discover there was very steep flights of stairs to go up with NO elevator and NO bell boy to help, they could see we were struggling but said nothing nor did they help. Got to our room and it was the smallest room you can imagine, my husband is 6 foot 3 and it was hard with both of us, 2 large suitcases and 2 carry on. Then we saw the shower, my husband again could Barely fit. Breakfast was extremely basic, no variety so ended up eating boiled eggs and cheese for 7 mornings.   Good thing was they had a microwave in breakfast room so we could get frozen food and heat it up, saving some money. Location was also good, 2 minutes…",Date of stay: June 2017,2.0
49,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or45-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London","Cheap, simple and adequate hotel.","Despite the bad reviews we read about this hotel, we decided to give it a try and make a reservation through their website, as for £ 55 bed and breakfast we found it to be very good value. We had booked a room with a double bed and separate bathroom, which we found (and was) rather smaller than the one shown on the pictures on their website. Even so, the room was very bright, clean and had TV and free wifi, which we appreciated a lot. The breakfast is basic and very limited, and consists simply of cereals, some fruit, cheese, bread, jams and little else. Even so, we were satisfied. What we liked most about this hotel is its location (just steps from Paddington Tube Station) and the staff, who were friendly and helpful to us.",Date of stay: May 2017,3.0
50,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or50-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",This place is a SCAM - stay at your own risk!,"I arrived here after booking a £200+ room under duress due to a BA IT catastrophe. When I arrived, exhausted, I  was sent to their King's Cross location due to ""mechanical difficulties"". I was told by their employee that ""the other five guests who also had to move were just as upset as you are"" and that I couldn't call her manager because ""he was sleeping"". DO NOT TRUST THESE PEOPLE. I was price gouged and lied to with no recourse. DO NOT STAY HERE. Based on the other reviews, I never would have except that I was in a bind. I took a chance and was talen advantage of -don't make the same mistake.",Date of stay: May 2017,1.0
51,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or50-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",Basic no frills,"Was on the 3rd floor. A few flights of stairs to walk up as no lift. Room was very small with en suite bathroom. Only shower no bath, the shower cubicle was tiny and don't know how slightly larger framed guest would fit in it! Towels provided were small. Carpets in the hallway and stairs to get to the 3rd floor were grubby and needed  a good clean. Could hear every floor board creak from Guests who were in the room above . Search for a better option of you are wanting to stay in Paddington.",Date of stay: May 2017,1.0
52,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or50-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",Dont get your hopes up,You pay for location! The rooms are not relaxing and its a struggle getting up the front door stairs with heavy luggage. The building have no lifts. The tea tray in the room and stained tea sachets and a kettle that was dirty. There was a hole/ missing tile under the shower.,Date of stay: May 2017,2.0
53,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or50-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",Shock surprise,One of the things that I did not realize is that there is no lift - that was difficult for me as I had a room at almost the topmost floor.  So that meant a huge luggage coming from Asia having to be lugged all the way up! The booking that I made was for a 24 sqm room and which also in the AGODA website showed such a room so I booked the room that was depicted. So when I received my keys to the 1st room what a disaster - a 9 sqm room instead of a 24 sqm room as suggested and as reflected in pics on the website!!!! Worse as yet I discovered the room I got was a 9 sqm with no toilet but only a shower was included. So for relieving myself I needed to go outside my room to the public toilet which did not smell too good and then for shower I could do it in the room??? What was the…,Date of stay: April 2017,2.0
54,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or50-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",OK hotel in a fabulous location,"I stayed at this hotel as part of a group. While my room, #103, was pretty decent (clean and very quiet, since it was at the back of the hotel), others of my group had some criticisms. A few of the rooms had mold in the showers, and the ones in the basement smelled. The people in my group who were assigned those rooms requested, and happily received, room changes. My room had no electrical outlets in the bathroom, so I was forced to unplug the coffee maker in the room to use the blow dryer, and had to stand outside the bathroom. The breakfast was OK, basically continental, but the coffee was pretty bad. The staff working the breakfast room were very nice, though. For some reason the lights were never on in the breakfast room, so the only lighting came from the windows that faced…",Date of stay: April 2017,3.0
55,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or55-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",So so,"If your requirement from a hotel is a decent place to stay/sleep, this will fit into your criteria.  Rooms are okay.  Breakfast options are very limited.  There is no lift.  Location wise it is pretty good. Its just a small walk from Paddington train station and underground.",Date of stay: March 2017,2.0
56,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or55-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",hotel like hostel,"this hotel is very close to underground station and bus stop, every morning in the corner of the street there are someone who offer you to take a London tour by bus ( hop on hop off). The area of hotel is quite enough, but the room is to small for 2 big people like me and my friend. the condition of toilet same as the condition of the room, it's to small for take a shower. if you are have a big suitcase, i suggest you to take the 2nd floor, because there are no room service to help you to carries your luggage",Date of stay: March 2017,3.0
57,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or55-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",UNFRIENDLY HOSTEL,"On arrival at this hotel (hostel) we were greeted by a very shabby reception room with ripped sofas. No hoover had been used in here and all the curtains were hanging off the rails.This hotel has the appearance of a cheap hostel rather than a hotel. The only good thing I can think to say about it was that the toilet looked clean.The dining room (basement with scaffolding and rubbish for window view) was accessed through a cupboard door on the ground floor. On arrival were told breakfast was finished by an angry lady.  The only fire exit was the front door of the hotel . Quite a nerve to ask for a  £100 deposit for damage insurance as the total contents of the hotel room would not be worth much more, because it was so dated and shabby. I would not stay here again if it was a free…",Date of stay: February 2017,1.0
58,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or55-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",Budget bnb ,"Basic hotel in a central location. Has everything you need but it is very small, could hardly move in the bathroom and toilet and the room only just fits a double bed but it was fine for what we needed.  Tea/coffee replaced daily. Didn't pay for breakfast but gave us breakfast anyway, we only had it on our last morning - really is just toast, cereal and tea/coffee. I wouldn't have paid for it.  Receptionist was pretty clueless about the area.  Overall basic budget hotel, was fine for what we needed. ",Date of stay: March 2017,3.0
59,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or55-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",Budget Hotel,"Good location, very close to tube and train station. Short walk to Hyde Park. Rooms are not as seen in photos. Definitely a budget hotel.  Needs a facelift.  Carpets/curtains a bit grubby.  Narrow stairs and no lift.  We had room 303.  Decent size, very small ensuite.  Odd bits of furniture.  Was very warm (almost too warm). Comfortable bed and clean bedding.  Fresh clean towels changed every day.  Had to ask for hairdryer.  Hadn't booked breakfast. Staff were helpful and friendly.",Date of stay: February 2017,3.0
60,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or60-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",So BAD Paddington,"Stayed at this ""hotel"" recently and was utterly disgusted with the state of the place!  I am not one to moan or complain and having served in the forces have slept in some dubious places but I would never stay in this place again! The reception area looks like a taxi rank waiting room with a scabby sofa to sit on, the receptionist on duty when we arrived didn't want to be there and wasn't very friendly or accommodating!  I noticed the fire Alarm panel was flashing with faults so that was a bit worrying but they were getting it fixed apparently!!!!!! We got our rooms and my in laws got dumped in the loft area which had no lighting on the landing areas and the room they got didn't even have its own toilet they had to share a toilet just off the dark landing!People were smoking in…",Date of stay: February 2017,1.0
61,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or60-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",What a dump,"This place is not as good as the pictures show the rooms are tiny, there is no hot water you have to hold the kettle down to use it we have scaffolding out side our window the nets are held up with string every time some one uses the tap you can hear it around the hotel we got out on the 4th floor there are no lifts and my wife slipped on the narrow stairs the only good thing there was a comfortable bed ",Date of stay: February 2017,1.0
62,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or60-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",visiting friends,my room was ok except for the window which needed replacing as for the location its perfect hyde park is 5-10 minutes walk the station is 300 yards away there are some shops but you have to go to oxford street which is 20 mins away the least thing I liked was being charged 100 pounds deposit  incase of damage to your room,Date of stay: February 2017,2.0
63,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or60-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London","Great location staff, terrible everything else.","I don't work for any grading council, but this hotel is certainly not worthy of three stars.  The rooms are small, the shower is small and the heating in my room did not work, no blankets were provided.  The hotel is tired and run down, in dire need of refurbishment. My mattress' was at least 50 years old with springs jabbing at me, and the headboard was missing a panel - had some nails sticking out, unsafe. The staff are friendly, the stairs are dreadful. If you want to have a good night's sleep I'd suggest that you look for a hotel that has soundproofing. There was no safe in my room, if you're interested in protecting your passport/money/valuables I would suggest an alternative venue. I paid GBP85 a night.",Date of stay: January 2017,1.0
64,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or60-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",Absolutely dreadful DO NOT STAY HERE! ,An appallingly shabby and tired hotel that is in desperate need of refurbishment. The dingy room I was given on the fourth floor was tiny and not particularly clean. Even though I had paid up front they had the gall to ask for £100 deposit!!! In case I damaged anything!!! Is this even legal? And the place was falling apart! I didn't dare risk having the breakfast as cleanliness was a major issue throughout the hotel. I felt sorry for the staff who have to work there. A place to avoid! ,Date of stay: January 2017,1.0
65,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or65-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",really budget,"I dont like doing bad reviews but feel i need to say something. It is a budget hotel and i believe you get what you pay for but. There is no lifts in this hotel i am disabled and asked for ground floor-it was nothing more then a dungeon type room had a window but a wall right upto it, so was dark and dismal the door couldn't open fully because of the bed the room is not fit for purpose especially if disabled i asked to be moved we had to go to second floor and the stairs were quite steep. Also beware if you have a nut allergy they mixed a few crunchy nut cornflakes in with normal would have armed my daughter-in -law as you couldn't see them. Staff were helpful enough and we did enjoy our visit to London on a positive note it's location was fantastic local to Hyde Park and…",Date of stay: January 2017,2.0
66,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or65-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",Great location and clean cosy room,"On the plus side: The location was perfect, close to the tube station and good restaurants; room was small but very clean with modern bathroom and great shower; bed was really comfortable, the room also had a TV and tea making facilities (although plug sockets were in inconvenient places); towels and toiletries provided; helpful and friendly reception staff; quiet area and free wi-fi.  On the other hand, the toilet was outside of the room but that did not bother us and the room was on 4th floor with no lift but again that wasn't an issue.  Overall really nicely surprised after having read all the bad reviews and would recommend staying there.",Date of stay: January 2017,4.0
67,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or65-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",Why is such a sleazy hotel rated 3 stars?,"Extremely small rooms, everywhere smell of cheap detergent. The window barely closes. Lightbulbs broken and bathroom locked for the outside so that I was assigned a different room. The only pro is the the good location. Definitely 0 stars.",Date of stay: January 2017,1.0
68,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or65-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",London and winter Wonderland visit ,Great location so close to paddington and Hyde Park.  Very cheap hotel. No frills but adequate and friendly.  Doesn't pretend to be posh but practical and clean. If your not good with stairs avoid as there are lots and no lifts. A descent breakfast but no full English available.  One minor winge... They req a £100 deposit in case of breakages.  Firstly they charge your credit card and to be honest there is nothing to break really!!! Anyway a good standard hotel with no frills. A good base for a London visit and especially Hyde Park for winter Wonderland. ,Date of stay: December 2016,3.0
69,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or65-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",Not as bad as they said it was,"The rooms are small but that's perfectly fine because you'll just sleep here. It was clean which was the most important thing for us. The bathroom was small but renovated and clean. The location is great, right across the street from the underground station. I'd stay here again.",Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
70,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or70-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",Great location,"We just checked out from the So Paddington after spending 4 nights there. The hotel is a bit tired and could do with a wee bit of refurb, a new water system ( you WILL hear the pipes) and a lift, but the location is great - 2 mins from the station, and the staff has been really good to us, always smiling and helpful. Does what it says on the tin. ",Date of stay: November 2016,3.0
71,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or70-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",No toilet in bathroom; an overpriced dive.,"Firstly I was asked for photo ID when I checked in (I don't drive so don't have a licence and don't tend to carry around my passport for fun).  I had already paid for the room online, but as 'verification' they took a photocopy of my debit card, which strikes me as dodgy.  My room was on the 4th floor - there was no lift.  The place looks like it hasn't been decorated in about 50 years.    My ensuite did not even have a toilet (how this can possibly be 3 stars is beyond me).    The whole 4th floor stank of weed and the walls were paper thin.  There was barely enough room on the floor to open my suitcase.  The bed was quite comfortable, that's the best I can say.  £80 for that.  I should have just got an uber back to Kent.",Date of stay: November 2016,2.0
72,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or70-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",Very dirty tiny rooms. There are mice here,"The rooms were super small. The entire room including bathroom is less than twice the size of the bed. There is no space for luggage to lay flat.  Bathroom was disgusting. Toilet seat was unhinged and crooked, the shower was disgusting and looks like it's never been cleaned. Red bloody smears and hairs lined the shower which isn't big enough. Sink measures 8 by 12 inches and has no space to keep toiletries upon.  We saw a mouse scurrying out the door one night.  Don't stay here...whatever you do.",Date of stay: October 2016,1.0
73,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or70-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",Okay for a few days,"Not really a hotel I would like to stay much longer. Standard is poor and our room was really really small and TV was broken. Area around the hotel is great , nice pub (Sawyer's arms just a few steps away). Would recommend not to have breakfast in the hotel, but in the little café next to the pub, it's tasty there and prices are reasonable. All in all the hotel is not a place I can recommend.",Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
74,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or70-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",Avoid this hotel,"Do not book this hotel. Their customer service is non-existent. The rooms are too tiny for more than one person. The bathrooms are small and moldy. There is NO HOT water. The only redeeming quality about this hotel is its proximity to Hyde Park and Paddington Station. A one star is generous, but TripAdvisor does not allow a zero or negative star rating.",Date of stay: June 2016,1.0
75,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or75-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",Four nights for sightseeing and shopping ,"Just checked out this morning. The room was very small and very warm...however it was clean and comfortable.  It is very central to everything with lots of nice restaurants to suit most budgets...the tube, Paddington station, supermarkets and pharmacies very near. If you are looking for an early night sleep don't expect to sleep early...a lot of street noise from the pubs and restaurants nearby...can't be helped.  In general it was clean, comfortable and central ...therefore ideal if you are on a budget and shopping or sightseeing.  The staff were also friendly and helpful.",Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
76,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or75-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",Two Nights in the Bangkok Hilton,"Arrived at the hotel and they said that maintenance was taking place and we'd have to go to Kilburn!!! Looking at other comments, this happens quite often!  We refused to go and they begrudgingly gave us two rooms anyway, so it seems like some kind of scam.  The room was clean and tidy - but very tiny. The bathroom was incredibly small and the shower was like having a wash in a glass coffin, it was that small and on the second day there was not hot water.  Breakfast included a vegetable which we couldn't identify and when we asked the catering staff they didn't know what it was either!!!!! Looking it up in the Internet we found out that it was Heart of Palm or Burglars Thighs which is traditionally used in salads.  Very handy for Hyde Park and Paddington but no other real…",Date of stay: July 2016,1.0
77,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or75-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",Dreadful - was ripped off,I booked the So Paddington but they put me in 'sister hotel' in Kings Cross which was half the price but when I complained by email on my return they didn't even have the decency to reply and certainly didn't offer any compensation. Room I had didn't even have a window. I paid for a double room but the room measured just 10ft 3in by 7ft and only had a 4ft bed. There was no cupboard space and no flat surface to place anything so everything had to stay in the suitcase. This is not even hostel standard let alone hotel standard- disgraceful.,Date of stay: July 2016,1.0
78,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or75-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",Rooms are super small,"I found the rooms to be super small, and again, the same goes for the bathroom. It is definitely a tight squeeze.   The breakfast is continental style only which was okay. The location is great as it is right outside the train station. The staff are friendly and the service was great. They were very accommodating when I asked them for a bigger room; it is just unfortunate that there are no bigger rooms.   I don't believe this hotel is wheelchair accessible either - we had to carry several suitcases up a lot of steps and in the end we only had a bed and no floor space as the bags took over that space.",Date of stay: August 2015,3.0
79,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or75-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",Adequate for a cheap night in London,I stayed here to go to a gig in Hyde Park. Great location at a good price so was ideal for my trip. The room was small and basic. It was a little run down but was clean and comfortable for a night. The staff were welcoming and friendly.  If you're looking for a cheap hotel near Hyde Park then this does the job. ,Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
80,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or80-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",Terrible hotel. Only thing going for it is the location.,"Thank god we only stayed here one night. We were on the 4th floor, up 8 flights of stairs. There is no lift. Luckily we had limited luggage.  The WiFi didn't work in the room.  The shower was crap. In the evening we had short showers as the water drained away too slowly. On the morning of check out we had NO water pressure. The tap in the sink worked but only on cold. There was no phone in the room to contact reception and because of the huge amount of stairs we complained on our way out. We got a shrug of shoulders and eventually a sorry and were told to email management. We did. Management were very unhelpful and tried to blame us - saying if we'd reported it they could have fixed it. Completely unreasonable to expect us to walk down all the stairs, un-showered, and report it…",Date of stay: July 2016,1.0
81,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or80-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",Absolutely terrible,"Room so small couldn't open suitcase on floor, lights x2 didn't work no security on Windows of first floor (easily accessible from street level) so couldn't have open at night and no fan/air con, reception left front door open all the time without monitering it, stains on curtains and carpets, rooms were not serviced properly (bed not made properly tea and coffee not restocked) wifi didn't work properly and the worst part was we could actually hear the person in the next room snoring the walls were so thin. Absolutely terrible experience.",Date of stay: July 2016,1.0
82,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or80-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",Great location.,This was our first stop on a 4 week honeymoon. The location was perfect. We walked all over London (which is want we wanted to do) and caught the tube where needed. The station is only 2mins away. The room was very small but clean and very nice. The staff were so helpful and kind. All of them!! 😊 Highly recommend.,Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
83,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or80-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",Worst Place Ever - Avoid,Room is small and smells really bad. Bed is really bad and dirty. No lift. Wi fi does not work in the rooms. They will relocate you to another hotel outside London saying that the room you booked had a problem and therefore is blocked. I learned they do that to a lot of people. Unless you have an alternative you will have to accept and the hotel or booking.com will not help you in anything - they work together and this situation should be reported. Avoid this hotel. It´s a  scam.,Date of stay: June 2016,1.0
84,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or80-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",Superbe location!,"The hotel is located next to the Paddington Underground Station, so you can get anywhere fast! For the price, I couldn't have asked for a better location! Very happy with my choice of hotel.  Now, don't except a 5-star hotel.  It is more like a hostel with private rooms (clean and basic small rooms with small bathroom).  I am small so I didn't mind at all.  I stayed 5 nights and don't have any negative comments to make.  The bed was comfy which was a nice surprise.  I was in room 402 (so 77 steps to make it up to the room - so travel lightly!).",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
85,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or85-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",Hotel for bussines trip,"The hotel is convenient for business as it is centrally located. The rooms are cleaned everyday, well ventilated and breakfast is included. The staffs are professional in service delivery and friendly.",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
86,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or85-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",Great View of Norfolk Square,The room was a reasonable size and located in the front of the hotel with a view of the street and Norfolk Square. The receptionists were very helpful above and beyond the call of duty and the proximity to Paddington Station is very convenient to get there in 5 minutes. Especially nice when it is pouring rain like the day I checked out. The bathroom and shower is extremely small and confining but overall I had a comfortable stay at a very inexpensive cost.,Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
87,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or85-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",Clean room and good location,"Location is conveniently located near to Paddington station. The room is clean and bathroom is surprising huge. This hotel is only suitable for young travelers as its doesn't have any lift and if you get a room on the top floor? Good Luck to you! Carrying your luggage up the steep stairs will really burn your calories. Besides that, no other complaints, staff are friendly and helpful.",Date of stay: April 2016,3.0
88,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or85-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",Could be better but not bad!,"Excelent position for rail/bus/tube stations. Rooms and bathrooms almost clean but really small!!! Daily change of towels. The best thing was the staff: very kind and friendly, they also call a taxi for us and ask for a discount! I think could ne come back there",Date of stay: May 2016,3.0
89,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or85-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",Not worth the money ,"My girlfriend booked this for our trip to London and we were so disappointed. Had to go up 4 flights of stairs every time we came back and no lift. This would of been impossible for a wheelchair bound person or elderly people. Room was ok, bed was comfortable and clean so was the bathroom. Stains and marks on the walls though and no remote for the tv. Plus there was a bag left in the draw from the last occupant.  For the money paid it isn't worth it.",Date of stay: April 2016,2.0
90,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or90-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",Not worth the money,"Stayed for two nights as a birthday present for my partner. Paid for the superior double. Room was up 4 flights if stairs which we were not forewarned about. There's no lift. The room itself was very small. A nice bathroom, but the shower was very temperamental,  blasting hot and cold water at will. The carpet and walls had a few stains, the walls seemed to have something spilt on them. The bed was very soft, comfortable and clean which was the most important, however things like the TV not having a remote so could not use, or an old backpack being in the drawers clearly left from a previous guest without being removed was very disappointing. Did not complain as frankly didn't want to walk all the way downstairs to just go all the way back up! I appreciate that London hotels are…",Date of stay: April 2016,2.0
91,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or90-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",SO rubbish don't bother,"Arrived at Paddington having been sent from the Kings Cross hotel as they were having issues with doors. Despite calling no one explained this to me until I arrived. Frustrating. Paddington SO hotel is old dirty and not worth the money paid. The window in my room was cracked, toilet seat broken and the bedside lights were broken and held together with tape. This hotel is a joke. Not fit for paying customers.",Date of stay: March 2016,1.0
92,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or90-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",Dirty and Noisy ,The hotel has a lot of potential as it's location is central to all major public transport.  I was originally going to extend my stay but after 4 nights decided against it as the hotel is nosiy due to the pubs around the corner as well as the poor housekeeping as they don't clean your room daily and the only thing they do is fold up ur towels and place them on a half made bed.  In the four nights I stayed there they never once cleaned the bathroom or shower by even mopping the floor or cleaning the toilet and to me that's just plain negligence from housekeeping.  I decided to check out and move to another hotel and won't return ,Date of stay: March 2016,1.0
93,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or90-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London","Nice, Clean & Refurbished Room",The hotel is pretty old but the room we got was refurbished and clean with tv. the hotel now has free wifi. Very friendly stuff. The area has many restaurants to choose with okay menu prices(cheaper than in the center of London). unfortunately the hotel doesn't have an elevator and our room was on the third floor.,Date of stay: February 2016,4.0
94,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or90-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",So-so Paddington good and bad...,"I booked through booking.com for 1 night in a double room for myself and my Boyfriend on 7th Feb.  Check in wasn't until 2pm but we arrived at 10am and decided to chance it instead of using the baggage drop at The station. The receptionist was helpful and gave us a room that was ready at no extra cost. (I had requested early check in online through booking.com but they got back to say it would incur a £25 charge)  Location is great, few 100ms from Paddington station along a busy road with many restaurants and pubs in the area. Hyde park not far either.   Negatives: the room we had was tiny, dusty and the stench from the bathroom was disgusting. It was unbearably hot and no way of turning radiators off so had to leave windows open. Used the bubble bath and shower gels down the…",Date of stay: February 2016,3.0
95,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or95-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",terrible customer service,"I reserved this hotel through a book now pay later deal on Booking.com.  However, the hotel charged me immediately.  I contacted the hotel direct who informed me there had been an error and a refund would be issued immediately.  Fair enough.  However 8 days later and I was still waiting.  I then contact the hotel again directly and received no response.  I then contacted Booking.Com who said they would contact the hotel and ask for proof that the refund had been made.  5 days later and they are still waiting for a response and 3 weeks later and I am still waiting for a refund.  What an awful way to treat customers who haven't even stepped through the door yet.  I dread to think what would await me to be quite frank.",Date of stay: January 2016,1.0
96,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or95-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent ,"Stayed 1 night couldn't fault it clean tidy and helpful staff.for £38 a night well worth it,had a room on the 3rd floor no lifts but wasn't that bad would stay here again.less than a minutes walk from Paddington tube couldn't be closer comfy bed too.",Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
97,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or95-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London","Be your own judge, everyone's negative opinion may not be the same as your experience..","We won 5 * Accommodation To Paris, but due to Paris bombings, we had to change our plans for accommodation 2 days prior to travel. The travel agent were unable to match us same 5 * star in London and with only a few options ""So Paddington"" was booked without looking at Trip Advisor.  We were really worried  after a quick look at Trip Advisor, but were pleasantly surprised that everyones interpretation can be different, look I'm not saying its Kensington Palace :)    but it is budget accommodation and its clean and staff are lovely and very helpful. We had no sign of insects and the shower bathroom was updated and room was clean and we were central to everything...  5 min walk to Paddington station and shops/restaurants/pubs and everything is so central   to So Paddington.  …",Date of stay: November 2015,4.0
98,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or95-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",Basic and a little too noisy ,So I was only looking for somewhere cheap and at the last minute for 1 night in London and I saw this for £60. I thankfully did not find any insects as some other reviews stated and my room was pretty clean overall. Staff were welcoming and helpful although I only really checked in and out and had no real dealings with them.   The main problem I had was that the old window would not shut properly and this made the room a little cold but there was a warm duvet so I managed that but the pillows were not comfortable. However the noise of people walking past the window talking made it difficult to sleep as it was like sleeping in the street while people had a little chat on your bed.i even listened to 2 guys loading a van for 20minutes and know all about their love life…,Date of stay: December 2015,2.0
99,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or95-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",Basic but fine,"I needed a cheap hotel in London near Paddington station. This was fine. Quite basic and the room was not huge - but it was clean and functional and the staff were very welcoming. If travelling on a budget, I would happily stay there again.",Date of stay: November 2015,4.0
100,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or100-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",One of those dreadful hotels that you'll be telling your grandchildren about..,"I cannot spend as long as I'd ideally like in reviewing this establishment, because I just don't have the energy to, nor indeed the want.   Upon arrival to this Paddington establishment, I was told that 'due to maintenance problem' I wouldn't actually be staying there and had been moved 'up the road to our sister hotel - It's luxury apartments so more space'.   1. I was only booking this wretched hole because it was located so close to Paddington Stn and I could walk back to the hotel from the station late in the evening 2. Why couldn't somebody have contacted me in advance and actually told me about this to spare me the bother?  They told me that they'd book a taxi to the new location and pay for it, and would also pay for any further taxi costs incurred. It all seemed a bit…",Date of stay: August 2015,1.0
101,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or100-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",NEVER USE THIS HOTEL! It`s a fraud! Moldy!,"Dirty, smelly, moldy, we could not stay there one night because it was impossilbe to breath in the air without feeling sick. Impossible to get money back because you never get to speak to the manager. We used agoda.com for booking, no help here and no help from the hotel, both saying its the other ones policy to not give the money back. This is a zero star hotel!",Date of stay: October 2015,1.0
102,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or100-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",Nightmare,We walked into this hotel and the lobby was filthy.  It only got worse from there.  We got our key and walked up three flights (no lift) to a room that was equally as filthy.  The rug (not carpet) was ripped and had not been vacuumed in weeks.  The bedspread was dirty and when I lifted up to check the sheets they were stained.  We refused to stay at this hotel and left immediately.  We chose this hotel because of the reviews and photos provided.  What a disappointment.,Date of stay: September 2015,1.0
103,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or100-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",So Blah!,"I travel a few times a month to London and have a great deal of experience in the wild fluctuations in prices that you find for the same hotel there just weeks apart. I try to stay in brand names  , but , have been forced to book small independent hotels when my standbys are priced too exorbitantly. Sometimes the independents are charming and endearing. NOT this time!  They only good thing I can day it that the hotel is well located and the room, if rather small, was at least clean!  Negatives: Hotel’s public areas are dirty and tired. Rugs threadbare. Another small London hotel with no elevator and narrow steep stairs.  Total lack of imagination or effort in the decor of the public areas and rooms.  Tiny shower and paper thin towels. TV smaller than most people’s iPads.   I…",Date of stay: September 2015,2.0
104,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or100-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",Very sad right now....,"I am writing this from the hotel room. Firstly the one positive, the staff on reception very nice and helpful. Now the rest. Noisy (people/music from pub plus foot steps from room above), no fridge, no hang rail, no drawers, feels grubby, here for 6 nights, very sad.",Date of stay: September 2015,1.0
105,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or105-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",Ideal location,"I'm a solo traveller and this hotel has been great for me, it is so close to everything!  Being my first time in London staying here has made it so easy, with Paddington station and the underground just around the corner, the hop on hop off tour bus stops practically out the front. Plenty of pubs, restaurants, convenience stores and banks within a 5 minute walk (even closer). A short walk to Hyde park and if you're keen for a bit of a stroll it's a nice walk to Oxford st, Buckingham palace and I even walked to the London eye and Big Ben from here. The hotel itself is pretty basic, but has everything I've needed a double bed, private bathroom, TV and a breakfast room.  Fresh towels daily and the staff at reception are both lovey and very helpful!   I would definetly recommend if…",Date of stay: September 2015,4.0
106,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or105-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",Wonderful stay and great location,"After reading the reviews I wasn't expecting much from this hotel but was pleasantly surprised. Although rooms were a bit small and hallways were a bit naff, the room and bathroom was clean and were big enough for a two night stay for us. The staff were wonderful and helpful. We had a wonderful stay and would love to return to So Paddington! Great location!! Restaurants and shops right outside and the train station a minute walk away. Directly outside the hotel is a nice garden - with a Paddington bear statue, large chess set, noughts and crosses, table tennis table and sun chairs for people to sit in. Lovely area.   Looks like they are doing the place up - our bathroom was new and on our last day as we were leaving you could smell paint in the downstairs hallway. Would…",Date of stay: August 2015,3.0
107,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or105-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",Wouldn't recommend ,"Stayed here over night due to missing last train. Usually a budget traveller but needed somewhere to sleep and it was late so stayed here. Standard of accommodation wouldn't be bad if it was budget accommodation however for the price it's poor. No toilet roll in my toilet, cold shower, and grout all over walls and floor. Would not stay again can find much better for much cheaper in London ",Date of stay: July 2015,1.0
108,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or105-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",WOULDNT RECOMMEND,"Plus side; good location near station and food places. Bedding was clean in one room   Down side; bedding wasn't clean in other room. Room was very hot window didn't open. There was more paint on the floor then on the  walls. Random junk in hallways. Breakfast.. No one there to greet you. The bread was mouldy!! Wasn't asked how our stay was when checked out, let's face it they know the answer. Staff lack enthusiasm what's the point? ",Date of stay: July 2015,1.0
109,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or105-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",DO NOT STAY HERE,After a spectacular screw up by our companies booking agent I was put in here as an emergency. It is not good neither is the one in Hammersmith. It's chaotic and filthy -  you have been warned! Stay away !,Date of stay: May 2015,1.0
110,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or110-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",Seriously...?,"So. We booked this hotel based on a lowlow price (come on, you all do it) and didn't expect it to be anything amazing. Well. It wasn't. And after ten minutes in the hotel room our motto for the trip was formed: ""it could be worse"". But it really couldn't.  Room was really tiny and didn't have much else but a small bed, nightstand and a wobbly closet for two people. No chairs, no trashcan, not even a bedspread for a room, where everything was done on the bed. Window was directed to a nice little park, but unfortunately it didn't close. The bathroom was as small as can be and we barely fit in the shower. There was no waterpressure in the shower and it was leaking from the joint and the drain was clogged. It wasn't pleasant. Not pleasant at all.  The walls were paper thin and we…",Date of stay: May 2015,1.0
111,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or110-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",Its location is its USP,"located in zone 1 just 1.5kms from lords , 500meters from hide park , 1 km from oxford street , 3 kms from regent park , its location is its USP . the rooms are small but comfortable , service is good and friendly",Date of stay: June 2014,4.0
112,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or110-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",Dreadful!,I booked the hotel through LastMinute.com - I suppose it's a question of what do you get for £85 per night. Usually with lastminute - quite a lot! I was offered the basement room which was incredibly old fashioned and had no O2 signal. I went for the 4th floor room. On the way up they were storing large cardboard boxes adjacent to the stairs - which might be pragmatic use of space but where it sat with fire regulations is unclear. We nearly tested it out - the fire alarm went off at 4am! The room had been painted recently and was clean - but the paint was everywhere! the curtains were dirty. The stairs are steep and there's no lift - anyone with a heavy suitcase will be in trouble. The location is great - that's it's only saving virtue.,Date of stay: May 2015,1.0
113,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or110-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",Possibly the worst hotel I have ever stayed in and possibly the most expensive!,"This hotel takes the concept of a budget, no frills hotel to a whole new low level. Yet it cost a fortune to stay here. Some examples of the experience: There is no lift. Walking up the narrow dirty stairs, there are lots of cardboard boxes and plaster boards on the landings. I had to touch a grubby door handle to open my bedroom door. Inside the bedroom, which is extremely small, and I could hardly walk around the end of the bed in the space available the furniture was sparse. There was a small table on which a tea tray was placed, a wardrobe and a bed. That's it. Oh, sorry, I forgot the tiny TV and the wonky picture on the wall. The quality of the table and wardrobe was the cheapest possible. They were made of scratched and stained cheap wood. The bathroom was tiny and…",Date of stay: May 2015,1.0
114,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or110-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",Perfect location uncomfortable rooms,"I have booked this hotel throug booking.com, they gave us a room which was just painted. Room wasn't even properly cleaned from paint works. Breakfast was very poor. Only thing which was good is internet connection and perfect location. I will avoid this hotel in future.",Date of stay: May 2015,3.0
115,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or115-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",accomodation,"Very small rooms. Because of the renovation, there was a smell on the stairs.  For the hairdryer rent you have to pay 5 pounds in advance and than you get it back at return. The location is very good as Hyde park is very near and you can get in the centre of the city in about 50 minutes walk.                                             ",Date of stay: April 2015,3.0
116,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or115-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",Value for money,"This place is as says, Value for money. It's cheap and cheerful, and the staff were friendly and helpful, and the location was brilliant. It is located less than a minutes walk from Paddington, and is virtually opposite pubs and cafes, however no noise came through (at least for us, although we were 4 floors up). Unfortunately, being four floors up did have it's draw backs, namely that the hotel had no lift facilities, and very steep curving stairs. Alongside the lack of lift facilities, cleaning standards were not great. Cleanliness in the bedroom cannot be faulted, however the bathroom was less than pleasing. The shower and flooring was covered in grimey looking black dirt, and the shower itself was broken, in that it squirted water out of the sides of the head and the hook…",Date of stay: March 2015,3.0
117,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or115-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",Short Stay in london,"We stayed at this hotel for two nights for a short stay in London having booked visits to the Imperial War Museum, Bond in Motion exhibition, Elvis at the O2 and a theatre visit for Sunny Afternoon. Staff at this hotel were pleasant and helpful. Our room was a semi-basement room handily placed for the breakfast room which was on the same level. Our room was very clean and fairly comfortable, the only problem was lack of a plug for the wash basin in the bathroom. I reported this twice to reception and a maintenance man eventually came, but my lack of a plug had been translated as blocked wash basin. When he realised what I meant he said he would go and get one but we never did have a wash basin plug! Breakfast was continental style the only cooked food being boiled eggs. This was…",Date of stay: March 2015,3.0
118,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or115-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London","Lots of stairs, great location!","Tiny rooms yet located almost on top of Paddington Station. No lift in this hotel - our room was located on level 3, so many tight stairs to navigate with my heavy suitcase! If you have large, heavy luggage don't stay here as it's quite scary carrying this up / down the stairs. Shower drain overflowed although management fixed it. Small room, but nice view.",Date of stay: February 2015,3.0
119,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or115-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",Perfectly adequate for the price,"This is by no means a great hotel, but it gets the job done. We got moved here from their other property in Kings Cross when they had a problem with the room there. Check-in was quick and smooth, with someone at the desk even though it was past midnight. The room was clearly recently renovated, and generally had a good feel. There were small issues such as the TV not working and the art above the bed having fallen off one of the hooks. The heating didn't really work, but the bed covers were warm. The sheets were clean-ish - could have been better but I've seen worse. The bathroom was tiny but functional, although we didn't use the shower. Breakfast was good, served in a small but bright room with a small continental breakfast. Checkout was quick. The free wifi worked…",Date of stay: March 2015,3.0
120,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or120-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",Really really bad,"廁所沒有馬桶，說有書桌也沒有書桌，也沒有椅子，房間霉味很重，又很貴!! 服務生人數很少，以至於沒人幫我開門，在門外等了10分鐘!!  No toilet in bathroom. Also, they promised that table and chair are included in my room, but nothing here.  The room still musty when I came in, not worth to stay!! The number of staff is not enough, therefore, no one can open the door for me and I waited outside at least 10 minutes...",Date of stay: March 2015,1.0
121,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or120-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",I Hope You Don't Get Given Room 106,"London was going to be hard to get a half decent hotel for a good price so I was shocked when I found this hotel at £62 a night (booked in January). Perfect location, decent photographs, good price. What could go wrong? We arrived there overwhelmed at its exterior/location, entered the building to a receptionist that didn't seem interested in her job and wasn't easy to understand. We were given our room key and on first glance it was just a normal room, a bed and a minuscule television but it did work. Make no wonder the netted curtains were there the view was grotesque the mouldy back alley that seemed to leak in. The bottom of the walls had damp and the bathroom had the smell to go with it. Along with a wobbly tap and a shower that was scolding. We went back to the reception…",Date of stay: February 2015,2.0
122,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or120-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",Horrendous,"Filthy carpets, bathroom had terrible damp smell that permeated throughout the bedroom, we would not use the shower, the window was broken,we did not even bother to go to breakfast, we got out of there as quickly as possible. Once upon a time that building would have been beautiful, it was once a Georgian house in a beautiful London square, but some hotel owners have no pride for English Heritage and culture. The owner/manager  could speak English quite well though.",Date of stay: February 2015,1.0
123,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or120-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",Walked out and found another hotel,"This is a terrible hotel. Do not stay here. We booked a twin room but when we checked in there was no twin room available. They offered us 2 single rooms instead but the rooms were freezing, windows were broken so you couldn't even lock one of them - it could easily have been opened from the outside. When we brought this up, the inexperienced hotel staff did not seem all that concerned. They offered an alternative room but it's window was also broken and could not lock. The whole hotel is filthy, there are holes in the walls, the carpet is a mess, all the rooms are tiny, I could go on and on. There was no security: front door was open to anyone off the street. In the end we decided to cut our losses and found a much nicer hotel across the road.",Date of stay: February 2015,1.0
124,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or120-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",You get what you pay for,"Stayed in this hotel for more than once. It's not a 4 star hotel but it also doesn't have the price of a 4 star. It is very good if go on a city break or city discovery so it provides you what you need: a bathroom to have a shower, a bed to sleep, some free wifi and breakfast! The bathroom is quite small but it has a shower, a toilet and a basin. Some of the bedrooms can be a little small but other have a nice size. The windows aren't double glazed making it's soundproof not very good. However it is very well located 1min from Paddington subway station and it is in a quiet area with a couple of nice places to eat at walking distance. Usually there is parking just outside the front door and it is very easy to get from the motorway and airports. It has breakfast included in the…",Date of stay: December 2014,3.0
125,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or125-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",never again,"the worst hotel I have ever stayed in. expensive, dirty, very small rooms, ripped linen. it also took about 1 hour to book in due to untrained staff. it was handy for Paddington station and a few good pubs.",Date of stay: December 2014,2.0
126,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or125-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",The worst hotel I had ever stayed in:  minus 3 star hotel,* minus 3 star hotel  *bathroom very poor *the room was cold *very limited breakfast -  *the room was too small  * location is great * staff is very kind and polite   I would not recommend this hotel to anyone,Date of stay: November 2014,1.0
127,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or125-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",not to bad,"stayed for 4 nights,6th November  3rd floor room 301  very tight getting case upstairs but room was okay only thing wrong was no where to hang clothes except back of room door or bathroom door ,,was very noisy at night cant hold hotel responsible for that just single glazed windows and lot of pubs, restaurants round area. Bed very comfy  Found staff very helpful with any questions we had and requested a iron and received one straight away ....when we arrived our reservation could not be found and after reading things on here thought we were going to be moved but Diane gave us a room and we signed in later when we were ready to go back down stairs ...very handy for Tube station 3 mins walk away ..breakfast was good just the same as at home if I wanted a cooked one a café was…",Date of stay: November 2014,4.0
128,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or125-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",Bedbugs!,"I stayed for 3 nights and am now bitten by bedbugs all over my body!! The room was dirty, there were hair in the bed (not my hair), the cleaning lady left the of my room unlocked!  Rooms are really tiny, smelly and old.   Would definitely recommend to avoid this hotel.",Date of stay: October 2014,1.0
129,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or125-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",Firs time London,"Good part:Location is great, 1 min from train and tube station and placed around a nice garden and parks.There is lot of souvenir shops,restaurant,pubs around.Bus station is 200 m from hotel.People who work in hotel are very nice and helpfull.It is very clean and decorated.Breakfeast is fresh and on time.  Bad part:90 % of past review are true.Rooms are very small and breakfeast are same every day  value for money-very good.This is one of the best hotel for 100 GBP per day per two persons",Date of stay: October 2014,3.0
130,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or130-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",Not recommended.,"The room was dirty, wallpaper was hanging off of the walls, it was loud at night- shutting the window made little difference. The bathroom was small and smelly, we did not at all look forward to coming back to the hotel each day.       ",Date of stay: September 2014,1.0
131,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or130-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London","Awful, avoid","Due to missing my last train, I needed a room for the night near Paddington.  I'm a frequent traveller, and thought I'd seen a lot of the tricks that lower standard hotels could try.  I was wrong.  I must have confused the name of this hotel with a similar sounding establishment.  I negotiated the rate by phone for a ""superior room"", knowing that these looked better than standard rooms.  On arrival at the hotel I was told that the credit card machine was ""broken"" and I would have to pay in cash.  I strongly suspect that the cash went into the pocket of the night porter. Stupidly I didn't ask to see the room first.  The room looked nothing like the ""superior rooms"" - but being late, and tired, I figured it was a bed, and quite clean.  Oh - and the rate  - it had gone up by £5 by…",Date of stay: September 2014,1.0
132,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or130-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",Bad,"Location is great, 1 min from train and tube station and placed around a nice garden. It was an old house and for that reason access to floors 3 and 4 are unacceptable (very tight and no lift). Our room was very small (like 50cm around the bed and the shower door blocked by the bed). Toilet was private but outside the room as lack of space. Breackfast was nice but with small offer. ",Date of stay: August 2014,2.0
133,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or130-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",Don't stay here!,"I booked a room here on a last minute website. On arrival, they said that due to a 'technical problem' they didn't have a room for me. They offered to take me to their sister hotel in 'Kensington'. To cut a long story short, they were trying to fill up their horrible hotel in Earls Court, hardly Kensington.  I spent an hour finding another room and went back to get a refund. He said that wouldn't be possible unless I came back on Monday (!) He then produced a key to a room on the top floor. This hotel is running a scam to attract people to the rooms in Paddington and then diverting them to a hell hole in Earls Court. Not to be recommended.",Date of stay: June 2014,1.0
134,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or130-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",DON'T EVEN BOOK THIS PLACE!,"This has to be the most disgusting place we've ever seen as a so called 3 star hotel! The place was filthy from stairs (there is no lift) to room. Room was filthy and stank, it was supposed to have a desk, but it was so small there wasn't even anywhere to put a suitcase let alone a desk. Not that you could have unpacked a suitcase anyway, as there was no wardrobe or hanging space. The shower room was minute and you wouldn't even want to get in there. The sink was tiny with hair covered soap left there, the toilet stank and you would be scared something would come out of it and grab you. The carpet (what was left of it) was indescribable. The room was so bad that we went straight back down to reception and said that we couldn't stay there! We were not even offered another room.",Date of stay: July 2014,1.0
135,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or135-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London","Good hotel with very friendly,nice staff",I stayed here for 2 weeks.had a very good experience.Very good location(a minute walk from tube station). Staff answered all my queires happily and arranged all help whenever asked. Neat and clean room with good rates.,Date of stay: March 2014,4.0
136,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or135-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",good,"I was there with my friend. We stayed there for 3 nights. During our stay we had so many questions and requests and the receptionists did everything to make us contented. They were helpful. There wasn't a large selection of food for breakfast, but it was enough to stop being hungry. The room was quite small and the bathroom was the smallest I've ever seen. You could brush your teeth in the sink while you were sitting on the toilet. But as I said, it was enough, because we spent a lot of time outside and we only slept at the hotel. Beds were comfortable.",Date of stay: August 2013,3.0
137,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or135-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",Worst place ever stay,"Small room, try to book to stay at paddington for appointment on next day and I get there they sent me to Hyde park. Crazy mess. My plan was lay down to bed around 10:30 and Get 2 hours to 12: 00 and also huge noise from the air con from outside .  NOT GOOD SLEEP",Date of stay: July 2014,1.0
138,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or135-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",Great location with Courteous staff,"Surprised by the comments I have read here, my experience was completely opposite of what others have written here.   Staff was very much helpful in arranging things as per my requests. Rooms were cleaned everyday and housekeeping was up to the mark. everything was perfect for me given the location of the hotel is a minute's walk from Paddington Central station, which is well connected to London underground and inter-city train network.   Rooms were small, but the best you can get at that location given its proximity to city centre.",Date of stay: February 2014,4.0
139,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or135-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",Cozy with Perfect Location,Stayed there for 45 days approx. Location wise it is perfect. Staff is helping and friendly. Fits in your budget and breakfast provided is very good. You get all the big small things in house. They also arrange for cabs and offer good advice on the places to visit and eating joints. It is less than 100 meters from the paddington central railways. There are also two tube stations in very close proximity where you get connectivity to almost complete London all zones. Nearby restaurants are awesome and in plenty. Rooms are cozy with a comfortable bed. Only problem with this hotel is its size. Rooms are small due to the location cost but overall its good. View is also amazing from the rooms. The norfolk square garden is visible right in front of the hotel. ,Date of stay: January 2014,4.0
140,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or140-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",Never again,Stayed here in summer. The room is so small you can not open your suitcase anywhere but on the bed. Bathroom is so small that I could not lift my arms above my head without opening the shower door. Terrible water pressure. Curled up floor covering in bathroom and I tripped on it. Cigarette butts on the window sill and stained carpets. The noise and cigarette smoke from the adjoining apartments comes straight in the window and the street noise from pubs and cars made sleep impossible and  the room was too stuffy to close the window. Would not recommend staying in summer unless you're a party goer!,Date of stay: June 2014,2.0
141,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or140-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",A very nice and homely experience,So Paddington provided a very comfortable and nice stay to me and my friends during our trip to London . Location and Ambiance is great. Hotel Staff is really very helpful and supportive.  Strongly recommend this to my friends and family.,Date of stay: April 2014,5.0
142,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or140-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",Not that bad ,"Came back from London on Tuesday and stayed in so paddington for 2 nights.Its wasn't as bad as people have made it out to be on trip advisor.It was in a good location with loads of restaurants and bars nearby and the station just across the road.Also when you came out the hotel there was hop on hop off bus stop right there.The staff were helpfully and we had no problems checking in when we arrived,we filled in a form and handled keys and was settled in room within 10 mins on arriving.The rooms were small and the bathroom was a lot bigger than the actually bedroom.The rooms could do with a re paint and maybe more accessories e.g canvas's,vaeses and Mirror in the room just to bright it up.We only went done for breakfast the one morning and didn't rate it very much.There was…",Date of stay: June 2014,3.0
143,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or140-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",is not that bad,"I did my booking at booking.com and i stayed there from june 12th-june 15th 2014 My first impression was : OMG! this hotel remind me of Amsterdam, the small door and the stairs , no elevator, small reception.  Is not that bad as it look, some of the room have been re-painted and for me it look ok. If you're not gonna spend your day just to have some where to sleep this is good for you.  -Comfy bed -got your own bathroom - close to the Paddington station and near the bus stop - near the famous Hyde Park - the staff are very friendly  - breakfast is very simple but it's included (so stop complaining) if you want a real breakfast just go out to the Cafe near the hotel and have your breakfast there and its very good too. - Free Wifi and thats very important for many of us, and its…",Date of stay: June 2014,3.0
144,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or140-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",Disaster,"The only good thing was the location, being very close to Paddington Station and well connected with buses as well. The rooms were very small and the water was cold and trickling from the shower. Breakfast was extremely poor.",Date of stay: March 2014,1.0
145,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or145-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",So So Paddington - Don't use,"Stayed there one night only which I booked this at the very last minute without checking this site first.  Big mistake!  The only positive comment I have is it's location - walking distance from Paddington.  A very, very basic and scruffy room in a run down building. My door was damaged and looked as if it had been broken into. None of the furniture matched. Bathroom was dirty. Bed was comfortable enough, but the bed linen, like the room itself, was very tired as was the bathroom linen. TV was tiny (12"" screen).  Very small and poorly maintained shower and toilet.  Didn't sleep too well because I kept the window closed because of the noise, which made the room too warm. As you'd expect there was no AC.  Didn't have the breakfast, so can't comment.  The So Paddington is not…",Date of stay: May 2014,2.0
146,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or145-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",Sorry but never never again,The lady on reception was friendly but that as far as it goes . I slept on top of the bed in my coat on . I could not get into the bathroom because the door was blocked by Wash  hand basin enough said !!,Date of stay: April 2014,1.0
147,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or145-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",Do not use this hotel,"This has to have been the worst experience I have ever had in any hotel, It is very very rundown, old and not a bit nice, I would even go as far to say it is not very clean. The rooms are tiny and have not been decorated I would guess in decades, the ensuite is tiny with a shower that is less then healthy, there is no plug in the drain and the smell coming from it had me gaging I stayed two nights and refused to shower instead opting to stand at the sink and wash, the bed was supposed to be a double (I requested a twin) but was only a queen and the carpet under foot felt filthy walking around in your bare feet is not adviseable, There was no head board and the paper all over the room was peeling off, and the breakfast also left a lot to be desired not a great selection and not…",Date of stay: April 2014,1.0
148,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or145-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",Go somewhere else - not worth the cost,"Bed was comfy, wifi strong and free, close to Paddington station, and receptionists nice. But...I got the 4th floor room that smells like damp mold. No elevator. Thank goodness the weather was nice and street noise doesn't bother me so I could keep the window open the entire time - otherwise the smell would have been unbearable.  I don't have a keen sense of smell so for those that do, probably nothing would make this room habitable for you. Shower was scalding hot and no way to adjust the temp. Everything is old and in much-used condition. TV remote was broken, trash can broken. After reading the other reviews I skipped breakfast. The owner is clearly not listening to feedback as people have been saying the same things for months. Go somewhere else for 125 GBPper night!  The…",Date of stay: April 2014,1.0
149,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or145-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",Smith,Thank goodness I only stayed here one night as it was by far the worst b and b I've ever stayed in. After reading the review for 28th March I'm sorry to say that they obviously weren't that concerned about the hot water as we experienced the same problem. We were also told that we had one of their better rooms so I dread to think what the others were like!!!!! ,Date of stay: March 2014,1.0
150,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or150-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",DONT STAY HERE! You would be better off on the street...,"We were supposed to stay here, but walked in and straight away the place had a terrible smell, we were shown three rooms.. One hadn't even been cleaned the others had hair on the bed, stained ceilings and just a disgusting condition. It's not 3 star.. We refused to stay, the girl on reception said we would get a refund, now having to go through the relevant authorities to get the money back! The whole chain is a joke!",Date of stay: March 2014,1.0
151,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or150-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",Bargain basement,"Me and my boyfriend stayed here for two nights for his birthday in room 206. We found it on laterooms.com and booked it as an impulse break. Having booked it we decided to take a look at the reviews on trip advisor. Have to say was very worried at this point because of the amount of complaints and pictures that went with it, but as we had paid there was not really a lot we could do and decided to just go with it. When we arrived we were too early to check in but the lady at reception was kind enough to let us leave our bags while we went in to the centre to explore. Coming back later was fine and our bags were where we had left them, check in was very good and the staff were all lovely and helpful.  Our room was fine nothing special but it was only for two nights we thought so…",Date of stay: March 2014,3.0
152,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or150-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",Good location...nice people!!!,"Me and my boyfriend stayed 2 nights in Hotel,the room was on the first floor,it was small but clean and good view. Receptionists were very nice and helpful.The location is great,close to Paddington Station. If you do not want to spend the day in the hotel room is good,it is a room where you can sleep,take shower.Breakfast is adequate, although it would be much better if it had english breakfast :).  So...we will coming back there.",Date of stay: February 2014,3.0
153,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or150-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",Dreadful experience,I attempted to stay at So Paddington last night after booking and receiving confirmation on line. on arriving late in teh evening they had my booking but no rooms. i was sent to another hotel who refused the booking and called the police when understandably i got angry. I am now trying to get my money back. As the phone numbers on line dont work or are answer machine only im not sure how much luck i will have. Stay well away.,Date of stay: March 2014,1.0
154,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or150-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",NEVER stay here,"We booked online because the photos look very nice however when we arrived its stank of urine as soon as we walked in. They tried to put us in a room we didn't book so we complained and got moved. However when we got in the other room it still stank, the bed was dirty, the towels had holes in them, the floor was uneven, the walls were falling apart and the bathroom was terrible- so small, bin lid thrown on the ground and the shower was broken- water spraying everywhere. We went to get a refund to go elsewhere and they agreed but now they are refusing to pay! False advertisement, poor customer service and overall an awful place, definitely not 3 stars! ",Date of stay: March 2014,1.0
155,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or155-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",Not worth a look,"Me and my other half stayed 1 night in feb for his birthday , when arrived we were told we were on the 4th floor went up to see the room as soon as door opened the smell hit us DAMP we complained and got another room a little better crack in window duck tape all around window to stop draft which didn't help at all the toilet was so close to the sink even a size 2 person would struggle we also found it was very cold went to complain the reseptionist said she would put the heating on it was better after this all I can say is this hotel needs a lot of updating and new layout but on a good note the reseptionist was very very helpful and couldn't fault her a credit to the hotel ",Date of stay: February 2014,1.0
156,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or155-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",OK,"The room and bathroom was clean... carpet could need a change though. But then again who use carpets those days?! Street is silent even though its only 1 min from Paddington station. If you can't sleep in the city I would say - go somewhere else...  Room and bed was made daily. Bed was very soft, so depents what you like :) Breakfast was ok. Considering this being one of the cheapest private rooms in central London I would say its overall OK! I have travelled all over the world and this is NOT BAD AT ALL!",Date of stay: February 2014,3.0
157,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or155-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",Shocking!!!!!!,"it was shocking!  when we booked to go the pictures on your website looked wonderful, however when we arrived it was a different story. The beds were dirty... the wallpaper was hanging off the walls... it stank of urine...   its everything but a 3 star more like a 1 star at a push.   DO NOT GO BY THE PICTURES...they are the deluxe suite that costs £140 a night, a comfort inn or travelodge is cheaper go there.   i would not stay here again!!!!!!",Date of stay: February 2014,1.0
158,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or155-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",Never again. False advertising from profession photos,"We luckily only stayed at this hotel for just one night (6 people between 3 double rooms). Rooms were very small and nothing like the ones that we had seen pictured online- very misleading. Room 402's bathroom was tiny! The rooms didn't even have a bedside table, we had to use a chair. My room (403) had really bad wallpapering, the headboard had come off and had just been stood up next to the bed.. no effort to repair. One of the lamps above the bed had a hole burnt in it and the burnt bulb hadn't even been changed. Our bathroom had a weird smell.. we later realised that this was coming from the mouldy ceiling above the shower! All showers in our rooms didn't drain properly and you'd be left with a pool at the bottom. UHT milk was out of date and was smelling. Breakfast was…",Date of stay: February 2014,1.0
159,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or155-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",Big mistake to choose this hotel,"we have stayed two night in So Paddington London hotel which was my worst room I have ever had in my life. This staying was terrible. I simply don't understand how it is possible that we this room is allowed to rent. It could cause really serious health issues. I requested to change immediately the room, but the receptionist said the hotel is fully booked. We didn't have towels and I had to ask it 4 times during an hour to finally get them. The heating didn't work and we got a small electrical heater. The window and fan for sure have never ever cleaned since the hotel works. There was not a single hanger or hook where we could put our coats or shirts. The closet hadn't got even a door. The worst part was the bathroom. The lights didn't work and the wall and the shower were…",Date of stay: February 2014,1.0
160,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or160-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",Bathroom,"Hotel is adequate for sleeping and breakfast, but the bathroom! If you are over 13 stone or so you will never get in to the bathroom, it is about 2 foot wide, you have to bend and slide to get on toilet, and cannot put arms up comfortably to wash your hair , that was my room, so if you are a bit bigger check first to see if other rooms have bigger bathrooms, otherwise quiet and 2 min walk from tube .",Date of stay: February 2014,4.0
161,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or160-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",VERY NICE PLACE!!!,"We are a family from Spanish.We stayed in the hotel 5 days in October,in Paddington and is not so bad.We stayed in room 106, is small but had everything.We had breakfast included, breakfast is enough butter, marmalade, cheese, juice, milk.There were two girls at reception very nice and did everything to feel good,gave us and I even bought tickets to see all London at a very good price. So our experience was a good one in this hotel and I recommend everyone to try it,you will find nice people and a beautiful area.  Many thanks, Federico",Date of stay: October 2013,4.0
162,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or160-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",So Worth Avoiding,"The carpet in the room was threadbare, the bathroom extractor fan didn't work, shower drain blocked, no rubbish bin, rubbish not emptied, no replacement of coffee, tea etc. Electric plugs not working. Breakfast was stale cornflakes, peeling slices of cheese, cold hot water, stale orange juice, toaster that took forever to work. Boiled eggs ok. Fire doors banging loudly, front door  left open, so poor security, staff with no knowledge of London at all. Nearby hotels advertising rooms less than half of this.",Date of stay: November 2013,2.0
163,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or160-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",Location only,"The location only is fantastic, 3 minutes from London Express, and Paddingotn metro station, few minutes from city center, walkable distance to Hyde park, also Halal food is available in this district, the stairs were terrible, smelly and noisy, carrying a bag on these stairs is a stress test, old hotel, uncomfortable bed and strange shower, smelly room, good breakfast",Date of stay: December 2012,2.0
164,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or160-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",Location was good but everything else was really terrible!,It is a very convenient location and there are many casual restaurants around.  Just steps from Paddington Station so great for traveling from and to Heathrow Airport and other locations.  The room was horrific!  The stairs inside are very narrow and steep - practically impossible to bring a big suitcase up.  I ended breaking the handle of the suitcase because I have to pull with blind force.  No one was around to help. The receptionist was a female and also pregnant so it was not possible to ask her to help out.  The inside of the room was bad - the shower was so small.  I am a size 6 female and I could not turn around inside. I don't know how anyone else larger than me is able take a shower realistically.  The pipes look very old and rusty color so I kept my mouth shut when…,Date of stay: October 2013,1.0
165,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or165-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",What a DUMP,"We where a group of 3 couples who spent 5 weeks travelling the UK and our last 3 nights we at this dump. We have stayed in budget hotels in London on many occasions and we where not expecting it to be the Hilton but this place was a dump. They put 2 couples in the basement rooms for the first night as the place was full and I can only assume that this was due to the good location it was not for the service or quality of the room and equipment. The place is very run down and most of the equipment is second hand at best and nothing works. One couple waited 3 days for a remote for the TV and my wife ask for a fan for the room as we would not open the window for fear of what my come in, when she returned the fan was given to her in 3 pieces and could not be put together due to not…",Date of stay: September 2013,1.0
166,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or165-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",Bad experience,"Location is great, hotel not though. Stayed at many others in the vicinity much better that were similarly priced. Was offered room 1 which was down in the basement with no lift available. Room was very small and shower only gets hot, cold tap did not work and hot tap could not be turned down! Ended up rinsing myself with the basin! ",Date of stay: October 2013,2.0
167,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or165-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",Better than expected,"Me and my friend was so nervous for staying at this hotel because of all the bad reviews.  But. The hotel personal were so nice and helpful. We got a room on the first floor. Small but fine (we only stayed there to sleep, and what else do you need a hotelroom for?) The only negative thing about the room was that the water in the shower was to hot.  The breakfast was fine (2 kinds of toast, marmelade, cheese, butter, milk/juice, coffee, tea, 4 kinds of cake, cornflakes, eggs).  The location was perfect! Close to Oxford street (great shoppingstreet) and close to hyde park and notting hill.  On the day we had to check out we could leave our bags in the reception and then come back later to collect it. It was free!  I will recommend this hotel if your in London to see London and not…",Date of stay: September 2013,3.0
168,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or165-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",I was 'Walked' to this hotel when the other mysteriously had a 'Maintenance Issue',"While reviews of the original hotel (Kensington Rooms) are poor at best, it still appears to be of a far higher standard that this place. As a result of the 'Maintenance Issue' at the other hotel, staying in this awful little place cost fare more than it would have had I not rejected it at the much lower price available when i made my booking. To say this is comparable is a joke and Lastminute were even less help that the hotel group, refusing a refund as alternative accomodation had been offered.  To make matters worse, on check-in, i was told this had the same problem 'no availability due to maintenance issue'. Despite this claim, I overheard them on the phone stating they had accepted a booking by someone else (no doubt at a much higer price). They eventually 'found' me a…",Date of stay: September 2013,1.0
169,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or165-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",I will NEVER come back again,"Maintenance problem (still!): They need me to transfer to another problem once I arrived at the hotel, and I have no idea where the new hotel will be, as My mother will be joining me the next morning, I insisted to stay there in a single room. Facilities: The room is absolutely different from the photos. Small and stuffy room, no wifi in the room, dirty bed sheet, small bathroom, the ""private bathroom (toilet part)"" is located OUTSIDE of the room, and everyone can go in, bad bed - the bed is very soft and my back hurts the next day, the light in the bathroom (shower part) so as the wardrobe inside the room are placed askew, as if they are falling down at any time, uncontrollable water temperature - When I checked at the very beginning, there was hot water coming from the shower,…",Date of stay: July 2013,1.0
170,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or170-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",Not what we expected at all,"My friend and I stayed here for one night this month and were appalled. The internet was down upon arrival and as a result it meant their card machine was down also. We had already walked around for most of the day but were told we could not have our key until we had paid the balance in full. After we had finally got back from the train station (nearest cash point) we headed up to our room (top floor!). The photos on this hotels website are very generous. The room was a LOT smaller than it appeared and quite dirty. Our bathroom had a door but this had no handle or lock, we had cracked window panes and the shower managed to scald us both (on separate occasions!) Didn't bother risking the breakfast the next day.",Date of stay: July 2013,1.0
171,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or170-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",very good and helpful staff,"Hi me and partner stay here for 3 nights in room 106. we found that the wifi is not working for 2 days and were very disappointing but the guy in the reception gave us a usb key to use the internet but with one usb key we are not able to use and my partner was very bored without the internet we informed this in the reception and  one guy in the recption gave his personal laptop and later he manged to provide us the wifi and we were very happy so that we can watch football matches live.  the  two indian guy in the reception who helped us a lot by guiding us about the places in london,   i will definatley recommend this hotel for others, So paddington is best for its price and services.  will recomend this hotel to all my friends in spain.",Date of stay: June 2013,4.0
172,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or170-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",Good location,"We booked this hotel for it's location as we just needed a base for 2 days, wasn't encouraged by the reviews but the fact it had a bathroom swung it for us. However on arrival (3pm) we were told that we couldn't stay there as they had no internet and plumbing problems, no attempt was made to contact us so it came as quite a shock. We were escorted round by the receptionist to their sister property which was a 5 minute walk away (see Assaha hyde park for review) On the upside at least it was in the same location as that was the prime reason for staying here, on the downside, it was very unprofessional of them not to contact us, and they didn't really seem at all bothered.",Date of stay: July 2013,2.0
173,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or170-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",Diabolical!!,"We booked a visiting business colleague into this so-called hotel. Upon checking in & then being shown his room, he was so appalled at the standard that he refused to stay there and complained at Reception, where he was advised that he had been allocated the best room in the property! He promptly left & the hotel has refuted his complaints. The carpets were stained, the furniture was dilapidated, the walls were scratched & marked, the net curtains were filthy and the tiny bathroom was filthy.",Date of stay: June 2013,1.0
174,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or170-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",Cheating,"What you experience in this terrible hotel has nothing to do with the promotion of their website through booking.com. Rooms are very small, bath is so dirty, no internet services as they claim is free, no changing of sheets, no sweaping the floors. When we complained they offer us 10% off which we did not agree. The bottom line is a very terrible place to stay. We would sue them for the cheating.",Date of stay: July 2013,1.0
175,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or175-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",If you think you're staying in Paddington.......,"We booked a 1-night stay for 15 June 2013 and were about an hour away when we received an e-mail to say that there was a problem with the hotel and they were re-locating us to the So West Luxury Apartments in Shepherds Bush, 6 stops away on the Underground. They alleged that they had tried to call us but there were no records of missed calls on any of our phones.We went straight to the apartments to find that it was a multi-storey block of flats on Shepherds Bush Road with no reception area. We rang the hotel to be told that they would send someone along 'within 10 minutes'. About 5minutes (and a soaking) later someone appeared from inside the building and let us in. Having confirmed our names he let us in to what must be admitted was a very pleasant and fairly new apartment,…",Date of stay: June 2013,2.0
176,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or175-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",Nice,"Thanks for the email dated 02.06.2013. We couldn't reply to earlier since after London we went to Zurich and Switzerland and we just came back on 09.06.2013. Our stay at Padington Hotel,was truly memorable and we thoroughly enjoyed the same. The location was superb and hospitality of all the staff, at reception in the breakfast room etc. was very good. We will definitely visit and stay at the hotel during our next visit PL do give us priority.I have already recommended the hotel to a friend of mine who is likely to visit London in September.  R.G.Sheth",Date of stay: May 2013,4.0
177,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or175-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",Worst hotel in central london,"I stayed in this house of horror in march 2013 for 4 days , and it was the worst days of my life. The room was tiny with a very cheap bed mattress , the windows do not close properly and the central heating not working and it was freezing in london in the end of march . The room had a tv with wrong remote , I asked the reception and every day I get the wrong remote so I spend 4 days without a tv. The breakfast room's door is under the stairs so it is a real challenge to find it . The reception manager was the most polite and inefficient man in the world all he knows is (I am terribly sorry sir) and then he does nothing to fix the probleme. Stay clear of this hotel , u will regret it",Date of stay: March 2013,1.0
178,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or175-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",Don't know what everyone is sooking about!,"Bathroom was TINY but apart from that very comfortable and friendly. Was expecting the worst after reading the reviews but it was completely adequate. Close to Paddington tube, restaurants everywhere, and a simple but nice breakfast :) I don't know what people expect for £80 p/n in central London! ",Date of stay: May 2013,4.0
179,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or175-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",Value for the money,"A low class hotel with some failures, yes, but considering the location and the price I do not think you should expect more in London. I have been to London about 10 times, and it is hard to find a cheep, central hotel without sharing toilet/bathroom, and also breakfast is not always included. Falures was things as: Tiny space, old furniture, old bed, not so thorough cleaning, bad coffee, cold eggs for breakfast, and not always happy staff. So if you think you can live with those minor failures, I definitely will recommend this hotel. Wifi was easily accesible everywhere at the hotel. So, all together very high value for the money.",Date of stay: April 2013,4.0
180,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or180-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",I've enjoyed better festival conditions!,"Abolutely shocking hotel with terrible customer service!  The rooms are grim and the bathrooms are terrible.  We paid for an en-suite bathroom only to find in the morning that our shower didn't even work!  I know from overhearing other guests outside our room that they also had the same problem.  We reported it to reception and asked for a refund as clearly we had for an en-suite room so we could have a shower in the morning, clearly this is not a normal activity!  The receptionist advised that he was 'new' and couldn't authorise a refund.  I then spent 10 days trying to get hold of the manager who eventually refunded us a measly £20!  Unbelievable given that I had spent 10 days trying to get hold of her and was told every time I called up she would call me.  AVOID",Date of stay: April 2013,1.0
181,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or180-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",Would not stay here again,"Room small, bed could feel every spring in the mattress.  Washroom bin still had waste in it, shower no pressure did not feel confident that if shampooed hair would be able to rinse hair enough.  Toilet was private but had to cross the hall to get to it, privacy was provided by use of padlock on the door.  TV on the wall good signal, but not able to see pictures if sitting down due to angle of screen.  No thought put into guest comfort, on third floor with heavy case had to ask for help to get case to room, this very reluctantly given Web site looks good but don't be fooled",Date of stay: April 2013,1.0
182,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or180-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",Choose another place!,"This is the worst hotel. Indifferent clerks at the reception desk. A filthy room. Housekeeping , if they did ""do"" our room, didn't clean the bathroom, change our sheets or vacuum. The shower was backwards so when you took a shower water sprayed all over everything. The toilet was placed in a nook and partially under the sink so one had to pretzel to sit down. The room was stuffy with no ventilation. If you are going to London, look for another place to stay. There are plenty of other hotels in the area. We ended up choosing another for the duration of our stay.",Date of stay: April 2013,1.0
183,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or180-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London","Disgusting, I would of rather of stayed in a hostel.","We stayed for one night and i wouldn't recommend it to anyone, we got offered a basement room as we had to check in late where we could hear everyone moving about upstairs. The room was cold and poorly decorated. There was also a back door leading on to an open court outside which wouldn't lock properly, which wasn't very safe at all. I would of rather of stayed in a hostel than pay  good money to stay there again the standards where disgusting !",Date of stay: March 2013,1.0
184,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or180-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",4 nights in so paddington,"We stayed here for 4 night while we were visiting London. Didn't expext too much so there was no surprises. When we arrived the girl at the reception seemed to be nice, checked in, went to the room. Its not a suite but we didn't pay for that either. Room was basic, that's all we needed, spent the days in London just went back to sleep n had breakfast...breakfast was basic as well but filled us up every morning. Overall it was a good few days. Only thing what could change is the windows in the room. There is a big gap between them, rooms are could be cold at winter time. ",Date of stay: March 2013,3.0
185,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or185-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",Very basic,"This hotel isn't to bad. Just around corner from paddington. Hotel is like converted house. Steep stairs, rooms very small, clean beds, no views from window. Bathroom tiny, doesn't feel clean. I would suggest to only use this hotel for a short duration. As a place to change and sleep, that's it. Girl on reception very helpful with bus guides etc.",Date of stay: March 2013,3.0
186,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or185-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",not as bad as expected,after reading reviews we were very aprehensive.however on arrival i was surprised.The receptionist was lovely even though a very rude man had obviously upset her whilst we were waiting to check in.The room although small had a comforable bed and was fine for an overnight stay.Definitly suitable for the price we paid.Breakfast although no english available was completey adequate.If you want better then you should pay for it !!!,Date of stay: March 2013,3.0
187,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or185-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",couldnt wait to leave.,"I wasnt expecting the ritz for the price i payed, the only good thing was how close the hotel is to paddington station.The girl on reception was helpful, but the man was very unhelpful we told him that the window in the room wouldnt stay open and he looked at me has if i was mad,said he would come up to the room to fix it and suprise suprise never turned up, We had to wedge it open with a mug that was in the room.The room could of been cleaner, The bathroom a complete joke was more like a cupboard could barely bend to clean teeth and door into it only opened about a quarter of the way and hit the cracked sink.There was no bedside cabinets.We spent 2 nights there and the bed wasnt changed after 1st night just remade half heartedly.The whole place looks like it needs a makeover,…",Date of stay: March 2013,2.0
188,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or185-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",Don't expect the Ritz,"I booked this hotel, then read the reviews. I was dreading what I would find on arrival. True it is a five storey building with no lift, and true the continental breakfast is served in the cellar.  On arrival we went to reception to book in and the receptionist was pleasant and gave us the key to our room. (thankfully we were only on the second floor) The room was very small and basic, there isn't a picture on the web of it. It was very warm and on opening the window we discovered that it would not stay up on it's own so we propped it up with a mug from the tray. The bed was well used but still comfortable and the sheets were clean, the bedspread was tatty with quite a few holes in. The Ensuite was very small with a tiny cracked sink which was impossible to use except for…",Date of stay: March 2013,2.0
189,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or185-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",Never stay here!!!!,Upon arrival I was greeted by a very unhelpful man who couldn't be bothered to show me to my room and left me to struggle with my suit case up the stairs. When going in to my room it was nothing like the pictures advertising on line. There was a horrible stench of drains which smelt like sewage!! The room was far from clean!! The window didn't close properly there were holes in the carpet the room was very half heartedly so say made up each day if thats what you could call it!!and upon returning to my room on the final evening of staying  I found coat hangers and my clothing thrown on the bed and to find the wardrobe had been moved out!! Upon checking out there was no one to take my key or even voice my complaints to!! The service and standard of this hotel were diabolical!! I…,Date of stay: March 2013,1.0
190,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or190-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",So hotel,"A friend booked this hotel and I was very disappointed with it, but I supposed it was cheap The room was very small and no room to move around. No chairs just 2 single beds pushed together, and a very small wardrobe  We had to put our suitcases at end of bed and keep stepping over them Bathroom was in a cupboard very small Breakfast was in the cellar, just continental, with no fruit I asked for blanket and was given a heater!! Central heating didn't come on till late eventing Our window looked on to a big brick wall ad couldn't pull the curtains Will not go there again",Date of stay: February 2013,2.0
191,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or190-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",Only if you're in for a good laugh,"Hotel was not my choice since it was booked through a company I was associated with and since it was only for one night, I didn't protest much nor did I look it up online prior to arriving. On second thought, even if I did, the photos are so misleading it wouldn't have made any difference. We arrived very late because of a tight work schedule, and the fist surprise was waiting for us at reception. Even though we had a booking confirmation stating that the room was already paid in full, we had to pay it again. Ok, mistakes happen. Going up an old set of narrow stairs with a big suitcase was a challenge, you kind of expect that in these old buildings, but finding you room number proved to be an even bigger one. Then the real shock, the room. Tiny, no room between the bed and the…",Date of stay: November 2012,1.0
192,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or190-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",Don't go there !!!,"The hotel is terrible!!!! The room was extremely small - even there were no place to put luggages. The bathroom was also tiny and awful: sink was broken, shower cabin was old - looked like 25 years, there were mold on the ceiling. Everyday we had problem with hot water. They switch on the heating only at night - around 11/12 p.m so at evening was cold in the room!! What is more between the window and the wall was 1 cm gap. The pictures on the website don't reflect the actual room!!! Certainly it's not a 3 stars hotel - more like 1 star. I wanted to talk with the manager but during 7 days she didn't come to work at all. Other guest told me that they have never seen her. It was ridiculous that receptionist was trying to reach her by phone but she didn't answer!!! The only good…",Date of stay: December 2012,1.0
193,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or190-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",Alright but nothing special,This is a bit of a backpacker / student establishment and although rooms are clean it's a bit tatty and tired. Sheets clean and room small but towels thin and nothing flash. Finding some rooms is a bit of a mission as signs to rooms don't detail all the rooms in that direction just those immediately behind the door.,Date of stay: December 2012,3.0
194,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or190-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",Would stay again and recommend to other young travelers!!,"My partner and I are a young couple who have been traveling the whole country. We had read the reviews on this site after we had booked it and quite frankly were very scared about our stay here. The preface to this review is that it was not at all as bad as we expected. Infact it was quite the opposite. Yes, the room was small and there was no lift, but it was exactly what we needed, fantastic location, Extremely helpful staff and reasonably priced (for London!!). The bed was extremely comfortable, there was a heater and hot water in the shower. The continental breakfast was good too.  I can still not fathom how people were expectant of more than this. I would definitely stay here again, and definitely recommend this to others.",Date of stay: December 2012,4.0
195,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or195-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",To avoid,"I was traveling to London for 3 days, for a short holiday and decide for this hotel. Unfortunately nothing was like it was advertised .The room was very small and only with the minimum inside: the bed and a little wardrobe with only a hanger inside. No telephone, no safe, no space to put any piece of clotes or a book or anything else, not to mention for the luggage. Was not even enough space to walk around the bed (that was smaller than a queen bed) and the door for the bathroom (only shower and a tiny sink, the phon - inexistent ) was possible to be open only 40 cm. Was not space to open it entirely, not even half! The toilet was outside of the room, a fact that was not mentioned on the booking. The room was on the 4th floor (either not mentioned) and no elevator available. I…",Date of stay: November 2012,1.0
196,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or195-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",Worst hotel of my life,"I can not believe London accepts that a hotel with 6 floors do not have a lift. They've put us in the 6th floor and after carrying heavy bags trough tiny stairs we found the most disgusting room I've ever seen. It smells old, feels terrible and all you can remember is that you will have to climb those stairs again... We couldn't stay and left immediately without asking for refund or anything... Staff was helpful enough but nothing makes you feel better in such a lousy place! It's cheap but a backpacker would be better... Don't stay here...",Date of stay: September 2012,1.0
197,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or195-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",Definitely won't be back,"Small room on the third floor accessed via steep stairs, past two mattresses lodged against the wall on a landing.  The bathroom was tiny. Reception staff pleasant enough but strangely insisted on payment in cash.  On the positive side, fairly good selection for continental breakfast, the room and bed were clean and the shower nice and hot. Also, Paddington Station just a few minutes walk away along with restaurants and pubs.",Date of stay: September 2012,2.0
198,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or195-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",Worst ever experience,"Running on a tight working mans budget so having the cost of the 2 night stay taken from my account over a week early caused havoc in my household. Contacted hotel by telephone immediately to be greeted by foriegn workers who couldnt understand my complaint. On arriving at hotel exactly the same response from staff looking as if all the lights had gone out. Asking for a manager is a joke the 3 staff you see are the entirity.  Room small but adiquate bed terrible. Ensuite tiny but adequate but definately not for the larger person. I complained of mice on the last night, I was told by the night porter it must have come in with my luggage consisting of 2 overnight bags.",Date of stay: September 2012,1.0
199,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or195-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",Basic hotel but good location!,"Stayed in this hotel for one night, feel the price of 85 was quite steep for the basic accommodation. The room was clean and comfy, including a tv with radio :)  Service was good, reception let us check in an hour early. The breakfast is basic but good selection for continental.  Brilliant location 5 Mins from the tube, shops and bars etc close.   Would recommend for a stay here, maybe a little pricey for what we paid for one night however.",Date of stay: July 2012,4.0
200,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or200-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",good for a weekend,"I was expecting the worst from reading some of the reviews- but this wasnt the case. It is very good location- it is in a strip of hotels, and is opposite a large strip of shops- pubs, small shops and lots of food places, burger king- open til 2am!. It is literally 5 minutes from Paddington tube and train station, and 15 minutes away from Hyde Park.   Breakfast was basic continental but good for keeping you going. Staff were VERY polite and helpful.  The b&b could do with a lift as we were on the 3rd floor, but it was very clean, however the room was small and so was the shower- the shower was very hot, but better than being freezing cod. would recommend for a weekend and will likely stay here again.",Date of stay: July 2012,4.0
201,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or200-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",Spare a few bucks more,This is one of the worst hotels i have ever seen. Single room with a bathroom means a rat hole with a shower in and toilet out of the room. Bed is totally uncomfortable and may easily cause the hospitalisation of a customer with severe back pains. There are no standards either. I and my friend booked single rooms. Mine was with a double bed and larger compared to my friend's rat hole with a single and horrible bed. Even the hostels in other parts of Europe offer much more comfort compared to this poorly managed disaster. I wonder how on earth British officials licence such craps as 'hotel'. I advise you spare a few bucks more if you care for a proper sleep.,Date of stay: June 2012,1.0
202,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or200-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",Perfect for what you pay,"Size of room was accepted for single person As usual the bathroom is small but very clean with shampoo and soap. Bath tup is micro sized as you can't turn inside, but with good hot water. Receptionist (Mr. Mohammed is a very respecteble and helpfull dude). Never refuses a question. You have all what you need on breakfast: coffee,coco,milk,fresh orange juice,sereals,jam,butter,friut yougert and different kinds of bread. Main disadvantage is no phones in the room for waking up calls Very good speed wireless internet",Date of stay: June 2012,4.0
203,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or200-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",...well the cockroaches think its great!,"Wasn't expecting great things, just a bed for the night whilst at a trade show in London. Checked in fairly late and noticed a couple of cockroaches in the shower, didn't take too much notice as was distracted by the water dripping on me from the light fitting.  Bed was lumpy but I certainly wasn't going looking for trouble by peeling back the covers and inspecting it and I did sleep fairly well in my cosy little box... with one wall nicely decorated but the others just with polystyrene lining material but I was in the basement room so you have to expect some damp don't you?  Which is probably why the mushroom was happily growing out of the skirting board. In the morning I trapped one big roach under the tooth mug, let the shower run for a couple of mins to flush those roaches…",Date of stay: May 2012,1.0
204,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or200-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London","Avoid, unpleasant stay","I had booked this hotel for a 2 night business stay, a friend also booked another room.  On arrival i was told there were electrical issues and i was being moved.  I don't have an issue with this as long as it's a comparible hotel.  It wasn't and this is a reflection on SO Paddington and their values.  My friend was also moved.  We ended up at Assaha Hyde Park Apartments, both work in IT so WiFi is a requirement for our jobs, here are list of some issues - 1. No WiFi, well it didn't work on 4th floor.  I was moved to 3rd floor and assured it would work, it didn't. 2 Shower had two temperatures - Scalding or freezing, 3 Was very noisy street outside, 4 No tea/coffee/refreshments, 5 No toilet paper, 6 Issues with door entry, 7 No lift, 8 Dirty hallway, 9 Electrical cables hanging…",Date of stay: May 2012,1.0
205,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or205-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",So Paddington,"Great location, situated near Paddington Station in Norfolk Square. Close to Hyde Park and a bus stop for the Hop On, Hop Off route. Breakfast basic - toast and cereal or a yoghurt. Bedroom small, bed a little lumpy, but clean room and bedding. This is all about location!",Date of stay: May 2012,3.0
206,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or205-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",Value for money?,"My boyfriend and I had booked a room to stay in at So Paddington for one night. We'd booked the hotel on Laterooms and when we arrived were told that all the rooms were already fully booked (due to a system error?) so we were moved to their other in Kilburn which I was slightly skeptical about given the reputation of the area. When we got to the hotel the receptionist was welcoming and polite and we were given a lovely room complete with a bedroom, a bathroom and living room. However our joy was short lived within minutes. When my boyfriend tried turning on the light in the hallway the bulb ""broke"" and shards of glass broke into shards over him. Thankfully housekeeping was very prompt in coming to replace the bulb and clean the remaining pieces of broken glass on the floor. The…",Date of stay: March 2012,3.0
207,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or205-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent staff and perfect location!,"I stayed in So paddington hotel for five nights. We got a nice, clean room. (actually got to choose between two different rooms) The staff was great - especially Francis I think his name was. He helped us a lot. The breakfast could have been a little bit better - other than that we were really pleased. We are definitely coming back to this hotel and I am going to recommend it to my friends.",Date of stay: March 2012,5.0
208,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or205-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",To be avoided,"Me and boyfriend stayed for one night at SO Paddington. I chose it for the location and for it's cheapness. I suppose the price should have been an indication of the quality to be expected. The staff were pleasant enough though, so no complaints there. We were situated in a double room on the top floor. The ceiling, curtains and walls had dirty marks. The bed was awful, very hard with springs that must have been broken. In the bathroom the cold water tap ran warm.  The worst came in the morning when we were awoken from the sound of what would seem to be all the water pipes in the building running through our bathroom. The noise went on for quite a while as obviously other guests were using the showers in their rooms. Needless to say we made sure we made a swift exit after that.…",Date of stay: March 2012,1.0
209,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or205-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",MUCH better than expected after reading some of the reviews,"I truly believe this hotel has received some unfair feedback.   We got a great deal on this prime location hotel by using the Trivargo website but our main priority was a hotel in a great location with a clean and quiet room (which is exactly what we got!). This hotel is 2 minutes away from Paddington tube station and around the corner from lots of pubs and restaurants.   All of the staff are friendly and we got lots of smiles and hello's from people that work here. A special mention must go to Francis and Lucica who worked on the reception desk. I think Francis is a duty manager. Both these members of staff were very helpful, friendly and professional in there approach. It was my partners birthday and I put this in the booking and both members of staff wished him happy…",Date of stay: February 2012,4.0
210,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or210-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",Better than expected,"After reading several reviews on trip advisor I was expecting the worst. However I was pleasantly surprised. Myself and my husband stayed in a double room which was small and basic, but clean. The reception staff were welcoming and the location was fantastic - two minutes from tube station, plenty of places to eat and good pubs. Perfect base for a couple of nights at a very good price.",Date of stay: February 2012,3.0
211,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or210-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent value so close to Paddington,"Very helpful staff, clean rooms, a minute's walk from Paddington station so easy to check in & leave bags before heading off for meetings during the day. Have stayed several times now and consider it excellent value for money with very comfortable beds - free wifi, tea & coffee facilities in the room are on offer - not always the case with other hotels nearby. I agree with one of the other reviewers - a hairdryer in the room would be good, but I'm not complaining and will continue to use this hotel.",Date of stay: February 2012,5.0
212,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or210-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent budget hotel,"Ideal hotel if you are on a budget. Room was clean with free coffee provided. Staff were very friendly, and did their best to help. I booked as a solo traveller, and the room had a double bed, so it was fine size wise for me. If there had been two sharing the room, it would be cramped. Would certainly go back.",Date of stay: February 2012,4.0
213,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or210-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",Do not believe your eyes watching pictures of this hotel!!!,"The hotel is marked as 3 stars hotel on Booking.com (which I always use to book hotels, which I trust, appreciate and love). But this time...  We were booking the hotel last minute and the choice was very limited for this location. I've understand that I'm choosing very simple hotel, didnt have any expectations at all, and trusted that pictures are true. But when arrived to the hotel - I couldnt believe my eyes! we were given 2 rooms - one on the -1 floor and the second one on the 4th floor. Both just horrible.  Cold, frayed, seedy.... the shower cabin is so tiny you cant move and so old you cant step inside barefooted. Linoleum on the floor. Smell of coldness and oldness.  The hotel itself does not put any 3stars on its doors - which is fare - there should not be any. We booked…",Date of stay: January 2012,1.0
214,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or210-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",simple and efficient,"Excellent hotel, Francis was really helpful and friendly I'll definitely be recommending this to friends and associates.",Date of stay: January 2012,4.0
215,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or215-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",Great for my Business,I have been staying at this Hotel since August 2011. They have always been very accomodating. The hotel is the perfect base for my business in London. I see no reason to change.,Date of stay: January 2012,4.0
216,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or215-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",Would stay again!,Stayed a night at this hotel between Christmas and new year. Was pleasantly surprised. Hotel is far better than many of the reviews on Tripadvisor. This is an economy hotel that punches above it's weight. Received a  very friendly and helpful welcome at reception. Was given a choice of rooms and settled on a double room on the 4th floor. It was a nice clean but basic ensuite double room.  For me it was fine. Would I bring a loved one for a romantic weekend probably not but then again I would expect to pay 2 to 3 times more than I paid here. Didn't have breakfast which I understand is continental. At £5 you could probably get something better at the nearby cares if you wanted too. The hotel does offer free wifi which should be commended. Have stayed at many of the hotels in this…,Date of stay: December 2011,3.0
217,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or215-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",So so Paddington,"Positives to start with - lovely receptionist on the lunchtime shift and hotel location very convenient for Paddington.  Price of £60 for room was fair for location.  Basement room was OK - room was under the stairs - although nowhere to hang clothes bar improvisation using the light fittings.  Evening receptionist was an indian fellow who arranged a taxi from a 'friend' for us to Leicester Square for £20 after we negotiated him down from £23.  Said taxi did not materialise in sufficient time so we took a black cab which ran to £11 (yes - notice the difference).  Be warned.  Bed was OK but you could feel and hear the springs (cheap bed rather than old, methinks).  Room was quiet barring odd tube train rumble but lets be reasonable about that.  Continental breakfast not start…",Date of stay: December 2011,2.0
218,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or215-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",Don't waste your money,"Booked rooms on late rooms.com. Photos are nothing like the place. We were given a room on the 4th floor, no lift and steep steps and each floor, ladders and ironong boards left on landings. The room was shabby, small, no towels until we complained. The window would not stay open and generally not fit for purpose.The bathroom was tiny, you could not move in the shower, if you did, you switched the water off, which was probably a good thing, as if you stayed in for more than 3 minutes, the shower tray overflowed.  We paid for ""continental breakfast"" - on offer, cornflakes and toast - terrible. Could not wait to get out of the place.  A complete waste of money",Date of stay: November 2011,1.0
219,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or215-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",check room out before you stay,seeemed pleasant from booking site. staff pleasant. breakfast adequate. The room was in the basement and very hot despite window being open; tv reception was intermittant but put that down to being in the basement. There was a damp smell as if a hot water tank had overflowed complained and was told it would be seen too; they did sort out light bulbs. The smell was still evident later that day so complained again when left hotel in the morning also told them that would not recommend them to anyone.,Date of stay: October 2011,1.0
220,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or220-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",A small 'hostal' in a perfect location,"The truth is the room is small, specialy the tiny shower. The 'hotel' looks more like a hostel, but lets be honest, breakfast + two blocks form one of the most important and 'center located' stations + a room for two for less than 80 pounds its a deal.",Date of stay: October 2011,3.0
221,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or220-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",Helpful staff and great location,"It's not a lush hotel, but room 201 was ok. En suite bathroom with small shower. Towels in the shape of swans on the bed, receptionist keen to help you and show you and carry your bags to the room. Free in-room wireless.  These guys are clearly trying hard, and if you just want a TV and a clean place to lay your head for the night, then this is fine.  Breakfast is continental. It's just yogurt, cereal, tea, coffee and toast really.  Some tips for the owners - original sash windows overlooking the park are lovely, but get some thicker curtains for people who like to sleep in the dark. Invest in some sturdier locks on the doors; as a single female traveller I ended up putting a stool and luggage behind the door as I wasn't sure it was securely closed when I went to bed. And a…",Date of stay: October 2011,3.0
222,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or220-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",Just fine,"I was expecting something totally horrible, but the hotel was really quite ok! Yes, the room was very small and the lay out of the room plain dumb. Shower booth was incredibly small just as warned here. But otherwise everything was fine! Extremely friendly and helpful staff, super location, clean toilet and loads of pillows on the bed.  Bed wasn't the best because you could feel the springs, but i've had far worse and still i would say the sleep quality was good enough.   Price was really inexpensive so this hotel was a great choice for me. I actually will consider staying there again if I get a good quite again!",Date of stay: September 2011,3.0
223,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or220-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",Stay away from this!,"Micro room, underground, scaring. A cantina rather than a room!",Date of stay: September 2011,1.0
224,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or220-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",DON'T stay in this place,Advertised and priced as a hotel more like an overpriced hostel for a few extra pounds you could get somewhere so much nicer.  Pictures completely misleading no wonder there is full charge for cancellation as it is sooo not worth the cost! Pictures completely misleading. Stay away.,Date of stay: September 2011,2.0
225,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or225-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",Smallest rooms and shower unit in London,"We had an overnight stay having been offered a reduction in price by Late Rooms from over £300 to £119. The room was tiny, just sufficient for a doub le bed. The bathroom had a shower unit that must be the smallest on the market (approximately 2ft by 2 ft.)  The breakfast was a joke. A continental type breakfast of the worst kind. Avoid like the plague.",Date of stay: September 2011,1.0
226,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or225-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",the so awful hotel,"just spent the weekend here,was put in the basement,it was an airless hole!! there was a mushroom growing out of the carpet!! bed was quite comfy but thats it....its just a good location but i'd never stay there again! be warned,they get you to pay as soon as you walk in!",Date of stay: September 2011,1.0
227,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or225-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",Grim,Awful place. Good location but that is all it has going for it.  Room on the fourth floor and no lift. Room had a really revolting smell and no hot water in my shower. Avoid unless desperate.,Date of stay: August 2011,1.0
228,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or225-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",Prision cell!,"If this is what you call a room with an en suite, i would have hated to see their idea of a penthouse. Room size of prision cell, an old rickity cupboard in corner and thank god my partner didnt see the mouse trap in corner.  Security is a concern, had to prop suit case against door to stop it opening.  basically the less said the better about this SO called hotel. I have backpacked around europe and stay in some grotty places but this hotel is the worst by far!!!",Date of stay: July 2011,1.0
229,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or225-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London","I've found out the real meaning of ""tiny""","Well...I was'n expecting any four stars hotel of course. But I couldn't imagine that the room was so small. We were at fourth floor (no elevator). Maybe the rooms on the other floors are bigger, but that was was very very very tiny. We didn't know where to put our luggage and there was just a bed (not a big one and little bit uncomfortable) a little night table and a small wardrobe. The bathroom wasn't in the room; well there was a shower and a sink, but we had to share the toilet bowl with other three rooms.  Anyway in the end it wasn't so awful. After we got used with dwarf standard we realized that the hotel was in a great position (just few steps from paddington stop, Zone 1) and we could come back late at night easily with bus.  The only thing annoyed me was to share the…",Date of stay: July 2011,3.0
230,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or230-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",Absolutely Awful!!,"Do not go to this hotel!! It's a rip off. Breakfast is terrible. One man on reception was very helpful. Room was tiny, really hot, door didn't lock properly and window didn't close either! Really dirty and run down hotel, watch out for the mouse traps! Felt like stepping back in time. Reminded me of a hostel. Overall it was not worth the £100! Not even a quarter of that! Location was really close to station and in a beautiful little area. Plenty of hotels nearby. AVOID AVOID ABOID this one!! ",Date of stay: August 2011,1.0
231,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or230-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",Not for people with bad knees,"Didn't actually stay there as we had requested twin beds but were given double,they moved us to another one of their hotels as they were fully booked.Nice looking hotel from outside but there is no lift & you have to climb 5 flights of  steep stairs to top.They also requested you to leave luggage downstairs in back room which wasn't locked & only take up what you needed for night which we didn't think was very safe.The night manager was very helpful.& apoligised for mistake with room.",Date of stay: June 2011,3.0
232,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or230-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",AVOID AVOID...absolutely disgusting hotel!,"We was booked to stay at the So Quartier in Kilburn high road but due to a flood they sent us to there other hotel the So Paddington...and we basically refused to sleep there, we viewed two rooms, both damp, smelly, dirty , no handels on the doors, brown springy matresses, broken furniture and as small as a shoe box, reminded me of a youth hostel I once worked in...absolutely disgusting !!",Date of stay: July 2011,1.0
233,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or230-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",oops big mistake,"saw on internet  room was £400   last room £100   mmm  sounds like a good deal. must be sauna, luxury room  at least. Well no. It was not only a dump  it was a 5 star dump room was nothing at all like the internet picture. 3 flights to room with 2 cases.  got in room trouble locking. double bed  flat screen TV  very warm.  no air con.  very tight to move around.  Thought I was only one in room.  Maybe I was.  The mouse trap near bed was empty or was it ?.   floor dirty .  shower not working unless you wanted really steaming hot. scalding shower.  all in all. it needs to be closed and renovated at least to a doss house.standard.  Amazing Health and Safety has never visited or have they ?",Date of stay: July 2011,1.0
234,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or230-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",TOTALLY AWFUL,"I cant believe we didnt look at this website before....... This hotel is totally disgusting and awful. Its smells of sewage, the bathroom is a wardrobe, our shower was tempermental, the staff can barely speak our language, the breakfast consists of toast only and some manky orange juice and dont even get me started on the bed. Our wallets are £115 lighter for the pleasure of all that. GRIM GRIM GRIM. Frankly it needs closing!!!!   Youve been warned..................",Date of stay: June 2011,1.0
235,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or235-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",Do not stay here - you have been warned!,"Booked a room here on a Saturday night for 2 of my best friends suprise birthday. Near Edgware Road so wanted location. Booked 3/4 weeks in advance. 10am on the saturday we got a call saying ""problems with the room, moving you to our sister hotel in Kilburn Park"". Not happy! He asked us to come to So Paddington so we can get a taxi to their sister hotel. We left the two birthday girls at a bar in waterloo so we can sort out the hotels before taking them to Sealife Aquarium. Got to the hotel, they booked us a cab and we went miles past Edgware to Kilburn park to our ""2 bedroom apartment which is a LOT nicer than the hotel"". Got to the apartment and asked to see it before we paid, it was a ONE bedroom apartment. Called back the original hotel who had said the 2 bedrooms were now…",Date of stay: June 2011,1.0
236,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or235-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",Do not be decieved by the website.,This is a 2 star hotel pretending to be something more. It is clean and tidy but not 3 star.,Date of stay: June 2011,1.0
237,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or235-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",Stay well away from this dump,"Me and my freind were attending a sporting event in london so we chose this hotel because of its good location and price. Well lets just say we are both in the army and I would no have accepted this in the forces. There was a mouse trap in our room for a start, alarm bells ringing. We were put in the bacement where it was so hot and the window wouldnt open to start with. When we asked for a different room because of this and we had been given a double bed for me and my freind they declined. There was also a dead bug in the shower. Best advice for people is to spend that little bit extra for something better. So paddington, so bad",Date of stay: May 2011,2.0
238,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or235-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",Disaster,Me and my husband went for a week and choose this hotel cause of its location...and reasonable price (not cheap).....I don need to write a long paragraph......Its just 1 fine day we saw a MOUSE in our room..........STAY AWAY FROM THIS HOTEL....................,Date of stay: April 2011,1.0
239,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or235-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",It was OK.,"Great location, great breakfast, but very small rooms and not good quality of bed. But in the rows it was ok.",Date of stay: April 2011,3.0
240,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or240-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",BED BUGS - AVOID THIS FLEA PIT!!!!,"My partner just spent the worst night of her life in this flea-pit. Her room had no lock, the noise from the plumbing and other rooms kept her awake for most of the night, there was a spring sticking through her mattress and she woke up this morning with bed-bug bites all over her legs - yuuuuuuk!!!  She asked for her money back but was given short shrift from the very unhelpful staff.  She has contacted the health and safety executive and hopefully they will close this health hazard down.  It may be cheap but it's not worth staying there for free. Avoid at all costs!!",Date of stay: March 2011,1.0
241,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or240-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",AVOID AT ALL COSTS,"We saw this hotel on a very trustworthy website that we have used many times.(booking.com) We were initially surprised at how cheap it was but we had been informed that the price was reasonable as it had recently changed owners and undergone a refurb so they needed to pick up business.  The website showed lovely pictures and the description said all rooms had dvd player, tea and coffee making facilities, a desk and a hairdryer.Also said it had been refurbished.  Well it has had a lick of paint here and there but that is about all. We were in room 614 and it was up many flights of narrow stairs. There was no working light at night to guide you up those stairs. The room was the smallest we have ever stayed in, but for one night we thought it would be ok. You could just about move…",Date of stay: February 2011,1.0
242,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or240-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",So Paddington Hotel... so terrible experience!,"Definitely the worst hotel I've ever been! I had to change my hotel after one night in this bad place for the first time in my life.  It's manged by 2/3 guys who try to deceive the customers showing this structure as a renovated hotel but really it's a old, crumbling building with rusted stuff.  They got us a room in the underground floor, close to the subway (!), very noisy, smelly and with a bathroom unwatchable! The bathroom is tiny, smaller than a van one and the fllush didn't work at all. No sign of hairdryer, DVD players, tea/coffee-making- There were no chairs or hooks and in front of the window there was an open space full of rubbish!  The rain pipe was broken and during the rainy night seemed to be into the Niagara Falls.  The reception doesn't exist (there is only a…",Date of stay: February 2011,1.0
243,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or240-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",Scam !!!,"The hotel has changed its name on the net and it is called SO Paddington where in the front door (entrance) it has a sign Warwick !!! and the map is showing a different place Where do I start, ... by entering the hotel they ask for the full amount and they dont have a credit card machine. At least they accepted a 30% deposit and payed them in full at check out. On the booking site it clearly states breakfast available and there was none. We had to feed 4 kids and each morning we had o go looking for food. Luckily there was food across the street. The rooms were freshly painted and paint was sprayed everywhere. For 3 nights we had to sleep with open windows but still the smell was suffocating. At least there was sufficient heat (actually it was very hot) and there was hot water…",Date of stay: February 2011,1.0
244,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or240-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",Cheap & dodgy Hotel but good location,"Very close to Paddington station, excellent location, cheap accommodation ok for 1 night or 2 but no longer. Has a kitchen but unable to cook in it as it is filthy, never gets cleaned, mess everywhere. Rooms are tiny, no room to store luggage & unsuitable for 2 people in 1 room. Receptionsist doesn't understand English - very unhelpful.",Date of stay: September 2010,1.0
245,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or245-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",Worth its price - I was glad to stay here,"The service was very good, people working in this hotel were very nice and helpful. The room was really OK although it was very hot (we were staying on the 4th floor in May). There were no bugs, our room was very clean but the shower in our toilet needs renovation. The kitchen can be used by everyone and it was equipped with all we needed. The location is perfect - less than 100m to the metro station. The price was very low and I will come back there without hesitation.",Date of stay: May 2010,4.0
246,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or245-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",Stinking pit,"Please take my advice and avoid this place! We are no snobs and have travelled abroad before on a budget but this has got to be the worst hotel I have ever stayed in. My poor wife had to get totally drunk before she could face sleeping in there. The rooms are dirty, our bed was full of crumbs and pubes. The furniture is horrible and we had no toilet roll. The staircase carpet is covered in stains and needs a complete makeover. The kitchen was disgusting, piled high with dirty plates with stubbed out fags all over them. I was glad our night was over and we got out as soon as I could. The location was the best part of our stay with plenty of restaurants and bars which are pleasantly lively.",Date of stay: July 2010,1.0
247,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or245-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",avoid this hotel at all costs.,"while i was working in london on the 29th june 2010, me and my colleague stayed in this hotel, the hotel with out a doubt is the worst ive ever visited, i wud not let my dog sleep in this place... the room was dirty, me and my colleauge r coverd in bites from head to toe from either fleas or dirt mites, this hotel is disguisting and i wud never recommend anybody to stay in this place.",Date of stay: June 2010,1.0
248,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or245-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",Avoid this travesty at all costs!,"My wife and I have traveled all over the world for four decades.  We invariably book budget accommodations so that we can use our finances to enjoy the sites and attractions. During our most recent trip, we visited many cities in England, Ireland and Scotland.  Every hotel we booked met or exceeded our expectations both in terms of amenities and location.  The Warwick, however, was truly atrocious and we had to move after one night of a planned six night stay.  The reception area is, in fact, three desks jammed together in a small area manned by an combination of receptionists and employment counselors (honestly!).  I had prepaid for one night, and the receptionists insisted we pay for the rest of the stay up front.  When I presented my credit card, she stated she would have to…",Date of stay: January 2010,1.0
249,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or245-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",Where do we start - absolutley dreadful is a compliment!,"I booked this hotel for our Builders for 2 nights and to be told today that they were appauled by the condition of the hotel is a big disappointment to me. 4 Rooms booked but one room they had to refuse to stay in due to the condition of the room. No Towels, no toilet roll, curtains hanging  off the wall, stains on the walls, cobwebs - you name it! This day and age this should not be aloud - they should be shut down, I intend to take this further as we look after our builders and this is not acceptable. Would we recommend to a friend you ask?-  we wouldnt  recommend to our worst enemy!!! Very very disappointed!!",Date of stay: May 2009,1.0
250,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or250-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",Still Laughing...,"The place is a joke...(and I'm still laughing..)   Its name ""Vegas"" is sooo inappropriate, I stayed in a room big like a closet, with dirty curtains, spots on the covers, no cuttle to make tea or anything (what you find usually in a B&B in UK.) Nevertheless, the best was the ""bathroom"", the floor is made of a unpleasant cement and when you take a shower (or try to..), the water comes out half from the pommel, half from the pipe... The receptionists are very nice though, but the place is terrible (even if the area of Victoria is absolutely lovely) ""Vegas""..lol ",Date of stay: February 2007,1.0
251,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or250-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",I would try somewhere else,We recently spent 8 nights in this hotel that has a great location from which to get around. We don't have too much positive to say about it although it was reasonably quiet and did have lots of hot water and decent towels.  We knew that it was 2 star but expected a little more. The room was tiny and very marked up. The curtains and carpets had not been cleaned (not even vaccuumed) in a very long time (don't look at the top of the baseboards). The bed was very uncomfortable and you could feel every spring. The toilet seat was broken and the light above the sink did not work. (difficult to shave in the semi-dark) The requests for repairs were completely ignored. The bed was obviously tossed together in a hurry each day and the sheets never changed in the 8 days. Not a big deal…,None,1.0
252,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or250-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",You wouldn't put your pets here!,It certainly doesnt give a good view of London hotels to overseas visitors.  We have never stayed anywhere that is so disgustingly dirty in all our lives.  We were meeting up with old friends and suggested that they stay at the same hotel - HOW EMBARRASSING - it made us feel sick!! ,Date of stay: April 2006,1.0
253,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or250-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",It's a hovel,"Please avoid this place only to be described as a hovel, dirty and disgusting, needs closing down immediatly. ",Date of stay: April 2006,1.0
254,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or250-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",Disgusting *****hole!,"On arrival at the warwick hotel we left out luggage and returned later that evening to check in, entered the room and to my disgust I could not believe the standard of cleanliness!  Stains everywhere..mould on the carpets ..no stoppers in the sinks..scum everywhere in the bathrooms, i doubt they were even cleaned since the last peeple stayed there..no light bulbs! To say sub standard is an understatement!  This property is far below the standards of any hotel..we decided to no let it ruin our wkend and began to unpack only to find beetle/cockroaches in the bathroom/bedroom carpet..we imediately packed up and went dowstairs and asked to be moved..so that is what we did, the next room *an upgrade he referred to it as* I laughed to myself,same story here only no sign of the…",Date of stay: December 2005,1.0
255,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or255-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",This place was awful!,"This was cheapest hotel in the convienant Paddigton area and boy, no wonder why! We reserved for four nights and had to leave after only one night.   The shower had a head on it that barely could spray any water.  We had someone knocking on our door in the middde of the night for God knows what reason (we didn't answer).  When we said we were checking out after one night, they made us pay for two nights since we didn't give them 24 hours notice.  (I never was able to get a refund from my credit card company).  We went across the street to the Cardiff Hotel which seemed like heaven compared to this dump. ",Date of stay: May 2003,1.0
256,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or255-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",It's not very good,"There are two good things about the Warwick Hotel - the price and the location very close to Paddington station. But having said that, there is heaps more accommodation nearby and it would be worth paying a little extra.  The staff are uninspiring, though we had no particular complaints. There are no lifts, so be prepared to carry your luggage up several flights of stairs. The passageways are littered with suitcases of unknown origin. Our room was adequate, but very small. The shower was so small it was difficult to get in and shut the door. A continental breakfast was included in our room rate, but since it's nothing more than juice and all-you-can-eat toast, we gave it a miss after the first morning.  Given the abundance of other accommodation in the area, you would do well to…",None,2.0
257,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or255-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",Great Rate/Comfortable Bed,"The Warwick offered us excellent and comfortable accommodations at a reasonable price (?42 for a double room with en suite shower and TV) in a GREAT neighborhood in London. Warwick is easy walking distance from the Paddington Station (take the express train from Heathrow for ?15 or take the Piccadilly Line to the Paddington Tube stop). there are five to ten excellentr restaurants nearby, including a couple nice pubs. one can easily access Hyde Park, where I jogged four mornings during our stay.You want luxury? This ain't the place. We slept there, bathed there and ate breakfast there. All met out expectations for sleeping, bathing and dining. Besides, what kind of moron wants to stay in your hotel room when one is in London???",None,3.0
258,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or255-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",AVOID this place! Esp. single female travelers...,"Avoid this hotel! I have stayed in several small, budget hotels throughout Europe, so I expected a small room, to have narrow stairways, etc. But this hotel was quite dirty--everything in the room was stained, from the walls to the carpet to the bed linens and mattress--and not just a little bit, it was disgusting. There was a thick layer of dust in the furniture and the cup in the toothbrush holder in the bathroom was caked with paste. Even the tiny soap bar had dirt on it. The soap dish was coming off the wall, the curtain could not be opened and was black and stained, and the walls were paper thing. Most disturbing, the staff insisted on cash payments for rooms even though a sign clearly says they accept credit cards. They were not friendly at all, there is no clear…",None,1.0
259,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or255-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London","When lodging is not your priority, this hotel will do.","When I booked a hotel on-line for my recent trip to London, I was mostly concerned with location and price. This was my first trip to London and with lots to do and see in the city, I knew beforehand that I would be spending very little time in the hotel room. The hotel is one of the many small hotels that are in the two buildings that line the square near Paddington Station. For price and location, the hotel met my expectations. However, if you prefer to not ""rough it"", this hotel is not for you. There is no lift in the hotel and I had to carry my heavy luggage up a narrow stairway to the 6th floor. The room was extremely small but clean. Furnishings were equal to that of a dormitory in that the room was not fancy nor comfortable. The attached bathroom smelled as if the sewer…",None,2.0
260,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or260-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",Don't do it! Cheap never means good,"I chose to stay at this ""hotel"" based on a few things, including having a soft spot for the name and reviews here and on other sites. Boy was I wrong! Yes, it is in walking distance of Paddington Station, but besides having nothing close by, the hotel itself is a joke. The man at the desk allowed me to take my bags up to my room on the 2nd floor (in the US, that would be the 3rd floor). There is no lift and after a long day of flying, I was exhausted. I got to the room by walking around clean towels on the floor that ""housekeeping"" had out to clean the floors. My room had peeling paint and they would need to do much more industrial type cleaning to call this place clean. I was traveling alone and just had a bad vibe about this place. On the way up to the room, I had to maneuver…",None,1.0
261,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193067-Reviews-or260-So_Paddington_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"So Paddington Hotel Reviews, London",Great experience at a very reasonable price,"The Warwick was just exactly what I thought an English Hotel should be.  Very clean, quaint.  The Warwick was within a short walk of everything I wanted to see.  The neighborhood was great!  On Sunday morning I was awakened by the Queen's Horse Guard exercising the horses.  Atmosphere galore.  Food in the Pimlico Room was much better than what I expected English food to be.",None,4.0
