,link,hotel_name,review_headline,review,review_date,review_score
0,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209172-Reviews-or0-ISH_International_Students_House-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"ISH International Students House Hostel Reviews, London",Don't book and stay away from this place,"We spent 2 nights and it was one of the worst experiences in our lives.  Location is quite nice, pretty central and safe. The room is small and super dusty. I got allergies because of the dust. Moreover, it was freezingly cold in the bathroom, so we had to run in and from the shower not to catch a cold. Breakfast... you are allowed to take only 5 pieces of food.....   Now comes the most interesting part. I was ill, and returning bk to a hostel (we booked a twin room to have our privacy and to prevent stealing) we would expect to have a decent rest, but they decided to hold the whole party under our room. The music was super loud and it was way later than the midnight! I went to the reception twice and do you know what they did? They increased the sound!!!! The whole thing lasted till 4am, and we had to check out at 10am. Just imagine they didn't offer anything - no late check-out, they lied that there will be a manager to deal with it in the morning.... But the only thing we got - was a business card of the manager Sylwester Sobilo who ignored my emails.   The whole team of ISH showed complete disrespect by telling lies and destroyed the mood of our stay. And their reasoning behind the whole thing was that they are not providing us with service because they are the charity! Nonsense!!! They are responsible for the service!…",Date of stay: January 2020,1.0
1,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209172-Reviews-or0-ISH_International_Students_House-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"ISH International Students House Hostel Reviews, London",Theft,"So, on my second day here as their guest I foung out that my fascial cleansing gel was missing. I reported that to the duty manager and he said that noone could enter my room except housekeepers and the rest of the stuff, and that they trust their housekeepers, so basically they were indirectly saying that I was lying. 2 days after, I came to my accommodation and i noticed that door of my room was wide opened and noone was in my room. In my room I found one strange card that didn’t belong to the staff. When I approached them on the reception, one member of the stuff confirmed that he had seen my door open but he thought that I was in the room. When they checked they had seen that last person entered my room at 12p.m. and I came to my room around 6 p.m. later that day. SO MY ROOM WAS WIDE OPEN FOR 6 HOURS. Luckily nothing had been stolen.  Staff is very rude and unkind. So please be careful and avoid this place.…",Date of stay: December 2019,1.0
2,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209172-Reviews-or0-ISH_International_Students_House-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"ISH International Students House Hostel Reviews, London",Nice location and nice staff at the reception,"I stayed 3 night i this student house and i can say that the room it was very comfortable and clean. Also people at the reception were nice and friendly. Especially ENDRIT, that was professional and kind. ( he used to speak very nice italian) For short periods it’s absolutely fine! ",Date of stay: October 2019,4.0
3,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209172-Reviews-or0-ISH_International_Students_House-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"ISH International Students House Hostel Reviews, London","Central location, expensive, Making good friends","It's value for the money if you want to stay in central London. The facilities are okay. Nothing luxurious. If you want to hang out with students from all over the world and don't care about the quality of the accommodation, then this is a great place.",Date of stay: March 2019,4.0
4,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209172-Reviews-or0-ISH_International_Students_House-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"ISH International Students House Hostel Reviews, London",The year I spent here was the worst year of my life,"I spent a year at ISH and if you're looking for a reasonable place, with regular staff, where you will not be judged by the color of your skin then please, for your own sake, look for other accommodation. From the staff who were almost always irritable when approached, to the disgusting food, the noise, and the sanitary bins that were overflowing every other week, it was a year of unending frustration.  I had a difficult time getting access to any ""amenities"" the place provided. The staff at the reception were dismissive and rude when I had questions. Being a black African and not having experienced much racism from back home, I could never tell whether it was racism or the front-desk staff were just unsavory people. My non-black friends seemed to have more success with them and yet all the other Africans had similar stories to mine.   For example, when summer came around, because of the way they had been built, the rooms became unbearably hot! I was hesitant to approach the staff given my past experiences but after several residents informed me that I could get a desk fan from ISH, I went to request one. The duty manager then told me that ""several people have stayed in that room for over 30 years and all of them dealt with it,"" so why was I complaining? I was taken aback. Fortunately someone else at the reception (a black person, mind you) told me that they had run out of desk fans and would get one to me ASAP. I went back in that tiny, overheated room and sat down for a while after that, wondering what I had done wrong. I was upset and felt so demeaned but with no avenue to report my experience. This is just one of numerous experiences like this.  I was humiliated and treated like I was less than human at ISH. My mental health was at its worst and I often spent my evenings feeling like life was not worth continuing. There was an oppressive air in the place and I tried to log complaints or have discussions about it with staff. Every time, I was met with defensiveness or told in unsubtle terms that since the staff I was complaining about had been with them for years, then the problem must have been with me.  Do yourself a favor and find another place. I could not because my scholarship had made it impossible for me to stay anywhere else. If you are the kind who is looking for basic accommodation, i.e tiny room with tiny bed, desk, and sink, and you don't care about the way you're treated, the noise around, or the food, then perhaps you'll have better luck here…",Date of stay: September 2018,2.0
5,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209172-Reviews-or5-ISH_International_Students_House-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"ISH International Students House Hostel Reviews, London",Basic ,"I stayed for 4 nights on a short stay in a single room with ensuite. Had everything I needed, a bed and a shower so it was fine. Was surprised however to find no TV or tea and coffee making facilities which I thought were pretty standard anywhere.",Date of stay: May 2019,3.0
6,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209172-Reviews-or5-ISH_International_Students_House-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"ISH International Students House Hostel Reviews, London",Great night,"Went here the other night and it was fun. Karaoke on full, everyone enjoying themselves and the drinks were cheap. Served in plastic cups, you have to embrace and enjoy. Did not stay there, only used the bar.",Date of stay: March 2019,4.0
7,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209172-Reviews-or5-ISH_International_Students_House-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"ISH International Students House Hostel Reviews, London",AVOID THE THIEF HOUSE,"Expensive price with poor decoration, small space, rude staff. My stuff was stolen there in June but they are not willing to do any investigation of it. Till now I still haven't got any compensation back.",Date of stay: June 2018,1.0
8,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209172-Reviews-or5-ISH_International_Students_House-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"ISH International Students House Hostel Reviews, London","Great location, shabby hostel","Stayed there twice in the past month. Our first room was in Mary Trevelyan Hall where the shower flooded the floor and leaked onto the carpet of the bedroom; there was no way of stopping this. It was very basic. (BTW A week later Mary Trevelyan was sold and is now no longer part of ISH).  The second time was at Great Portland Street. The room was better but it was Saturday night and there was loud music playing right outside all night (until 3 am) and cigarette smoke wafting into the room (the smoking area being right below our room). We were so exhausted from traveling that we managed to sleep, with earplugs, despite this, but it was tough. Disappointed by how run down the place has become since one of us lived there as a student in the 1970s.  Most of the staff were not…",Date of stay: September 2018,3.0
9,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209172-Reviews-or5-ISH_International_Students_House-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"ISH International Students House Hostel Reviews, London",THE WORST-NEVER AGAIN,"I’ve been to Ish for 2 weeks for a holiday with EF (THAT IS AWEFUL) and was the worst vacation of my life. The staff is so rude, arrogant and superficial. The rooms were old, and especially dirty!!!! Food was the same for every meal and for the fare I paid was inacceptable.  The staff never tell you the exact informations that should give you, they leave you alone and you’re never followed by them. I’ve never seen a smile, never heard a single “thank you”. I felt not welcomed at all.  I WILL NEVER STAY AT ISH AGAIN IN MY LIFE!!!! SHAME ON YOU",Date of stay: July 2018,1.0
10,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209172-Reviews-or10-ISH_International_Students_House-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"ISH International Students House Hostel Reviews, London",Only as a last resort,"Not something I will be repeating again and neither will my colleague. If you are over 25 look for something else. Staff had not been trained in customer service, as we were spoken to and treated as if were 12 years old. ",Date of stay: June 2018,2.0
11,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209172-Reviews-or10-ISH_International_Students_House-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"ISH International Students House Hostel Reviews, London",Excellent food at a very reasonable price,Had an excellent light lunch which was really tasty and it was really nicely presented. Proper tea served in a pot.  All for a price you wouldn’t expect for central London. Close to Regents Park. Woulld highly recommend this place. ,Date of stay: May 2018,5.0
12,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209172-Reviews-or10-ISH_International_Students_House-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"ISH International Students House Hostel Reviews, London",Awfulness ,"Just stay at this place if you don't have any other option. Staff is very rude, the place looks like a hospital, and in the middle of the winter the room was freezing cold and there wasn't hot water when I wanted to take a shower. Definitely a NO go! ",Date of stay: February 2018,1.0
13,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209172-Reviews-or10-ISH_International_Students_House-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"ISH International Students House Hostel Reviews, London",Ok way to save money,"I rarely stay at hostels, but this time I thought I'd save a bit of money and this Hostel is certainly central and cheap. A warning is, as probably expected at a hostel, you have to deal with people snoring and stinking. I cannot say I noticed any rooms was cleaned within the week I was there, and the floor was constantly sticky. The most annoying ting however, was that the light sensor was broken and was switching the lights off and on all night!! Somehow I got used to this, but I find it a bit strange that hostel staff did nothing about it. Other than that the staff was generally lovely and helpful and bed was comfortable enough.",Date of stay: August 2017,2.0
14,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209172-Reviews-or10-ISH_International_Students_House-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"ISH International Students House Hostel Reviews, London",Absolutely garbage staff,"A few things happens during my stay here. First, the person that was supposed to be cleaning the rooms threw my sleeping clothes onto my room mates bed. Second, my suitcase was moved to the other side of the room. Thirdly, the housekeeper stole my money inside my little pouch. I came back to my room with the black pouch in another position,dirty and EMPTY WITHOUT MY COINS. They were coins of a smaller currency that doesn't worth much in pounds but I am absolutely disgusted by the behaviour and morals of the staff. Also, something was wrong with the shower and we informed the reception about it. The next day someone came to ""fix"" it but accused us of not knowing how to use the shower when it was fine the first day and not the next few days.   I will never ever stay here in the…",Date of stay: July 2017,1.0
15,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209172-Reviews-or15-ISH_International_Students_House-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"ISH International Students House Hostel Reviews, London",HORRIBLE STUDENT EXPERIENCE,"I lived on the 3rd floor of the GPS building. I was on a 40 week student contract, moved in September 2016 and out in June 2017. Since October I had been complaining about not getting any wifi in my room, no one took me seriously and ISH expected me to contact ASK4 Wireless and sort it out. When I complained about the washing machine and dryer not working properly, they again expected me to sort it out. What am I paying rent for, they should sort it out for me, as they do in all normal student accommodation. Due to the terrible wifi, I had to increase my mobile contract. Finally in March, the IT Manager checked and found that due to the position of the Wifi booster, it wasn't reaching my room. I had said that was the problem in October but no one took me seriously. Since…",Date of stay: September 2016,2.0
16,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209172-Reviews-or15-ISH_International_Students_House-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"ISH International Students House Hostel Reviews, London",Teenager accommodation sold as hostel in the summer,"This is the worst 'hostel' I stayed at. After the coldest check in ever in the main building I was told to go to another building. The are is lovely, very posh but the second building is old and the room I was in had a very small window. I shared the room with two girls, 17 and 18, who lived there. They were also surprised that I was in their room since apparently they pay a monthly/annual rate to have their own room. I felt comfortable because the girls were nice but I didn't have a good night sleep and didn't even use the toilet facilities that looked dodgy. The main building looked much more modern and nicer and it also has a bar and a restaurant. Breakfast was included but I had to go to the main building. Weird experience, It just felt like they shouldn't advertise it on…",Date of stay: July 2017,1.0
17,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209172-Reviews-or15-ISH_International_Students_House-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"ISH International Students House Hostel Reviews, London",Good location,"Its pretty close to iconic locations in London. On foot, the British Museum is 15 minutes away, Big Ben 30 minutes away and Oxford street 20 minutes away. Its pretty close to two underground stations Regent's park street station and Great Portland street station. Since I used the Heathrow express to Paddington station, the location of the place made it easier. Paddington underground station falls in the  Bakerloo line which includes Regent's Park underground station. The pubs are pretty close. In the student's I stayed in two types of room one is a suite room and other is standard room which pretty much cost the same. I recommend you all to opt for suite room because the standard single rooms does not have attached bathroom and toilet which was a bit inconvenient. There is also…",Date of stay: June 2017,4.0
18,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209172-Reviews-or15-ISH_International_Students_House-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"ISH International Students House Hostel Reviews, London",Great stay and great food,"We were staying in the ISH with a large student group in early May. We had two dormitories and four smaller rooms.  I myself stayed in one of these dormitories and had a good experience.   The two dormitories were connected and the bigger one had 6 bunk beds whereas the smaller one had 4 bunk beds. The dormitories were fine, but there wasn't really any soundproofing between them. The people staying in the smaller dormitory also had to walk throung the bigger dormitory to get out of the room.  We ate both breakfast and lunch at the ISH. Both meals had a wide selection of items to choose from and were all in all delicious. The staff in the bistro was really friendly and helpful.  Overall I had a great experience and would stay here again.",Date of stay: May 2017,4.0
19,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209172-Reviews-or15-ISH_International_Students_House-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"ISH International Students House Hostel Reviews, London",Challenging,"Stayed here three times with school study abroad. If there had been other options for the group I'd not stay here. Most staff very unfriendly, rigid in thinking, not customer service oriented, and place is poorly maintained. Any maintenance problems required requests multiple times before resolved.  Staff in Bistro though are incredibly nice and breakfast food selection is excellent. Didn't eat any other meals here. ",Date of stay: June 2017,2.0
20,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209172-Reviews-or20-ISH_International_Students_House-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"ISH International Students House Hostel Reviews, London",Don't jude International Student House from the cover!!,"International Student House is a hostel but it's not very nice.The face of this type of accomodation is really bad because it's an old wall made with bricks.When you go into the hostel it isn't as bad as the first impression. The bedrooms are quite comfortable but  in a room you can find twelve beds. The hostel was clean.The worst thing was the shared bathroom.The room were you have your breackfast is tidy and nice there are wood tables and a big one with a lot of things to eat and drinks:cereals,bacon,milk,orange juice..The best thing was that International Student House was really near the centre,only ten minutes' walk.",Date of stay: April 2017,4.0
21,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209172-Reviews-or20-ISH_International_Students_House-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"ISH International Students House Hostel Reviews, London",Great experience,"The whole experience was great. You will be exposed to an international community and the staff are really friendly. Furthermore, I believe that I have spent a great time at the International Student House, I would recommend you to choose ISH.",Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
22,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209172-Reviews-or20-ISH_International_Students_House-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"ISH International Students House Hostel Reviews, London",ISH,"Both buildings sit in the prime location where it is a walking distance to most points of interest in Central London  For long stayers in particular, there are plenty of opportunities to meet new people and see places such as the travel club  Canteen offers good food",Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
23,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209172-Reviews-or20-ISH_International_Students_House-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"ISH International Students House Hostel Reviews, London",Best-budget location you can find in Central London,"Literally 15 mins work to all of the most famous attractions of London, you will save a lot of transportation expense. If you stay at Mary Trevelyan Hall, it takes you 2 mins to go to the Madam Tussaud and Sherlock Holmes Museum.   Some say that they cannot find anything to eat, but clearly because they did not prepare for their own trip. If you stay in MTS, walk 5 mins to Baker Street and you will have Itsu, Wok, Sainsbury, McDonald, Starbuck and Tescco...",Date of stay: May 2017,5.0
24,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209172-Reviews-or20-ISH_International_Students_House-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"ISH International Students House Hostel Reviews, London",Disappointed ,Stayed at ISH before but this time no rooms so put in  Mary Trevelyan Hall. Helpful receptionist but room was located next to the boiler which is very noisy so no way of sleeping through that at 5.30 am :-(  Window painted shut.  Not even a little vat of soap in the bathroom which given the price of the room I feel is unreasonable. Had none with me so had to shower without anything.  No where to buy any food as vending machine has been taken away.  It is not 5 minutes walk from ISH - stupid system where you have to go to ISH to check in then walk to  Mary Trevelyan Hall carting all your bags to largely go through the same hassle again.  Kitchen locked at night so if you don't get your water bottle filled by then you are out of luck.  If you are going to take what wasn't a small…,Date of stay: May 2017,2.0
25,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209172-Reviews-or25-ISH_International_Students_House-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"ISH International Students House Hostel Reviews, London",Great located hostel for a short stay,"Stayed for two nights in a 12 person dorm. Paid £32 for fri + sat stay.  ISH building is  located across the road from the great portland street tube station and it an easy walk to Regents Park, Oxford Street and other attractions.  Positives Bed was comfortable and had a privacy curtain. There power outlets and reading light in the bed. Lockers are more like 2 cages to store yours and bunk buddys belongings. *Remember to bring a padlock Breafast is included but i never tried it so cant comment Enough Clean Modern Sink basins with mirrors in the dorm to for everyone   Negatives Another dorm has to pass through the dorm i was staying in to get to theirs so there were regularly people passing through Showers are old and dilapidated. Needs renovation. Locker cages wont fit most…",Date of stay: March 2017,3.0
26,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209172-Reviews-or25-ISH_International_Students_House-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"ISH International Students House Hostel Reviews, London",Not disabled friendly,"I phoned to pay for a room booked in my name and asked if they were disabled friendly and was told yes, but when I pointed out that my mobility scooter would have to stay downstairs because the rooms are too small for it, I was told there was no room - so basically I cannot stay there, unless I can sort something out. When I asked if they could hold my booking while I looked into it, I was given two days.  I could pay to reserve my room, but then I would have to pay a cancellation fee if I hadn't been able to work out how to get round the problem.  This is not disabled friendly to me! .",Date of stay: March 2017,1.0
27,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209172-Reviews-or25-ISH_International_Students_House-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"ISH International Students House Hostel Reviews, London",Nice place to relax,"Stayed here during my trip to London. They have nice and friendly staff, good prices with included breakfast and wifi. Subway, supermarkets and restaurants close by. Bar is open all day where you can relax and have a beer.",Date of stay: September 2016,5.0
28,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209172-Reviews-or25-ISH_International_Students_House-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"ISH International Students House Hostel Reviews, London",Great cheap bar,"Visited the bar (so cannot speak for the accommodation)- food was really cheap, and great portion sizes. Staff were friendly and helpful, food arrived pretty quickly too.  They accept all UK credit cards except American Express, and do contactless payments.",Date of stay: October 2016,5.0
29,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209172-Reviews-or25-ISH_International_Students_House-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"ISH International Students House Hostel Reviews, London",Great for Budget Travels Who Want a Heart of London Experience,"This place has Heart and is user-friendly and simple. Nicer than a hotel if you are traveling alone and open to feeling like a student. Better prices if you are an alum. Top of Great Portland Street, you can saunter down to Oxford Street. Opposite Great Portland Street tube and around corner from Regents Park tube. Regents Park steps away and Baker Street and Euston... Lots of history attached to the premise and many high achievers have sojourned there during student days. Patron is Princess Anne, and, before her, Queen Elizabeth, Queen Mother. Crown property...",Date of stay: December 2015,5.0
30,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209172-Reviews-or30-ISH_International_Students_House-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"ISH International Students House Hostel Reviews, London","Unsafe feeling, dirty, rude staff","This hostel was recommended by my company and thats how I got into a 10 bed female dorm room.  Uppon arrival the building looked nice and clean but the staff looked weird everytime I would ask questions like ""when does breakfast start, where do I go, what do I do with my key etc"". They also did not even know how to answer all of these questions and this was already strange to me. Once walking to my dorm room I realized I was all the way down in the basement next to the washing room (which made a lot of sound!!) getting inside my dorm while lights were flickering/not working and no one was there!!! (This was a friday night 11pm in the middle of august) Apparently the other girl who was supposed to come with my company left earlier that evening due to the fact that she thought it…",Date of stay: August 2016,1.0
31,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209172-Reviews-or30-ISH_International_Students_House-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"ISH International Students House Hostel Reviews, London",International Students House London,"Booked because I was promised 'Women's only' dorm. Young men running around, knocking on young girl's room doors. REALLY REALLY LOUD. Not recommended - will never return. Front desk staff cold. Awful.",Date of stay: July 2016,1.0
32,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209172-Reviews-or30-ISH_International_Students_House-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"ISH International Students House Hostel Reviews, London",Amazing prices great place,"You need a students I'd to get in but the place is lovely, open late, some music and dancing and pool table and great prices. Bacardi was just 2.4 quids. It's not a fine dining place or bar but still the sofas and bar and staff is all very good. For its prices it's amazing, great and safe place, although for students only but very decent crowd that's better than the crowd right outside. Overall would highly recommend if you are in the area.",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
33,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209172-Reviews-or30-ISH_International_Students_House-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"ISH International Students House Hostel Reviews, London",Easy,"Easy place. Comfortable and close to the main attraction of london . Regent park is a marvelously place where to go and absolutely must see is primrose hill if you stay here. Beautiful In the evening ! Don't know about food, never tried in ish",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
34,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209172-Reviews-or30-ISH_International_Students_House-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"ISH International Students House Hostel Reviews, London","Great for short-term stay, horrible to live in for a year","I lived in ISH last year while studying. The rooms were quite decent and the location is wonderfully convenient. However, as the accommodation tries to be both a hostel and a longer-term housing for students, you tend to feel like you are living in an extremely noisy hostel with very poor management. There is a club venue in the building that is extremely loud until the early hours of the morning. While trying to study over Easter, ISH hosted a party weekend and drunk people were wandering around the hallway and yelling at all hours. After two nights of not being able to sleep, the staff were unable to help. This was particularly unideal considering construction would start outside my room at 8am. I have experienced the most bizzare encounters with staff while staying here. I…",Date of stay: September 2015,2.0
35,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209172-Reviews-or35-ISH_International_Students_House-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"ISH International Students House Hostel Reviews, London",Review solely on the bar - have not stayed gere,"Bar is brilliant, bar staff are able to have banter with the customers. I asked staff for some olives which were not on the menu but they we're able to provide. Kept coming over to or table topping up our crisps and nuts. Booze is very cheap considering the area. Would recommend!",Date of stay: September 2015,5.0
36,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209172-Reviews-or35-ISH_International_Students_House-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"ISH International Students House Hostel Reviews, London",All that you need and great location!,"We stayed here during the Batuke festival. Everything took place in the building so the location was great. It's close to the underground and walking distance,15 min, to Oxford street. The restaurant opposite, Istanbul is good if you dont want to walk far. The rooms are basic. The beds are a bit hard for our taste and because of the road noise we couldn't keep the window open during the night. We had a nice view over Regents park. We enjoyed having a fridge in the room and we also had a bathroom. Not all the rooms do, though. Enough storage in the room and the service was ok. The people working in the restaurant were very nice. Would definately stay here again!",Date of stay: August 2015,4.0
37,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209172-Reviews-or35-ISH_International_Students_House-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"ISH International Students House Hostel Reviews, London",A hidden gem in Central London for all travellers,"ISH is located very centrally next to Great Portland Street tube station and Regents Park and just a stones throw away from Oxford Street and Regent Street.  The staff at ISH are just amazing, extremely friendly and flexible, very accomodating and helpful.  Free towels and fast wifi is provided.  Secure lockers are also provided.  It is very affordable and excellent value for money.  There is always something exciting and interesting happening there - movie night, new band playing etc.  Fellow travellers who stay there are also really nice and friendly.  There is a bar, restaurant, gym etc.  It is really warm in the winter months and the facilities are spotlessly clean and tidy.  Try it and you will want to return again and again.",Date of stay: November 2014,5.0
38,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209172-Reviews-or35-ISH_International_Students_House-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"ISH International Students House Hostel Reviews, London","Very good, but modest housing","This housing facility for students also provides accommodation for anyone during the summer when students are on vacation.  This may consist of beds in common dormitories or single or double rooms, as well as a few small flats for couples. I wish to point out from the beginning that the single en-suite room that I received was not in the ISH main building (229 Great Portland Street), but in a separate building on York Terrace East, near the South entrance of Regent's Park, a 7 minutes' walk or two bus stops from the main building.   The room had most basic furniture (bed with good mattress, formica topped desk, chair, double door wooden locker, large chest), small refrigerator, two electrical outlets, shower, sink and separate toilet.  There is no television and no air…",Date of stay: July 2014,4.0
39,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209172-Reviews-or35-ISH_International_Students_House-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"ISH International Students House Hostel Reviews, London",Great stay in London,"I loved staying here. It's right across the street from a tube station and Regent's park. I really liked the feeling of everything here. During my stay, however, I think there was some construction outside our window each morning at about 7am or so which was annoying. Other than that, absolutely great.",Date of stay: June 2014,4.0
40,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209172-Reviews-or40-ISH_International_Students_House-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"ISH International Students House Hostel Reviews, London",Good stay,"This was my second stay at the ISH and I can say it was a bit better than the 1st one. I was accommodated next to Regent's Park in York Terrace East. The surrounding is very inviting considering the location. Upper floor have a nice view either on Regents Park (north) or Marylebone. The canteen and bar is located at 229 GPS which means about 10 minutes walk. Very good access to TfL.  My Twin Standard room was spacious, usefully furnished having a basin. Through the corridor was sometimes smelled burnt food. The bad thing is only 2 showers & toilets for the whole deck. I think En Suite Rooms don't share bathrooms. The breakfast was very average but sufficient.  In conclusion, it is a reasonable value for the money I paid. If you're looking accommodation in Central London, it's a…",Date of stay: June 2014,4.0
41,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209172-Reviews-or40-ISH_International_Students_House-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"ISH International Students House Hostel Reviews, London",Nice accomodation,"Me and my husband had a nice accommodation at the beginning of July at Greet Portland Street ISH (3 nights). Everything was clean and “homey” we remembered the days of our student accommodation  …long time ago…. The location it is  central rooms very clean it was better than a 3*  London Hotel. We also had meal vouchers and half price drink vouchers for the ISH bar. We also had a nice view to Regent Park from our window , very close to a lot of transport links. free internet was also provideded.",Date of stay: July 2014,5.0
42,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209172-Reviews-or40-ISH_International_Students_House-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"ISH International Students House Hostel Reviews, London","Good value, good people",My short stay at the International Students House was very nice. Staff were very informative and friendly if I needed anything or when I was getting to grips with central London. Location is fantastic,Date of stay: June 2014,4.0
43,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209172-Reviews-or40-ISH_International_Students_House-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"ISH International Students House Hostel Reviews, London",Long term residence,"I lived here for a whole year starting from September 2013. I hate to be a complaining customer, and I avoid that at all costs after working for a year in a restaurant... But there are so many things wrong about this place, it needs to be written down here.      First: ISH is a total rip-off - this money-driven little establishment finds every possible and impossible way to suck the last change out of their guests. Already with the fees you have to pay for these flats (read: little cages often without a private toilet) you can rent a proper flat with a kitchen and a toilet somewhere in Zone 2.      The noise is unbearable - at times the renovation work started at 9 in the morning by furious drilling from the other side of the wall and the resonance was so strong our cups would…",Date of stay: September 2013,1.0
44,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209172-Reviews-or40-ISH_International_Students_House-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"ISH International Students House Hostel Reviews, London",Not worth the money,"We travelled to London during Easter holiday and thought it might be cheaper to stay on student hostel. We decided to try ISH since the YHA on oxford street is full. On arrival, we were told that we only booked 1 bed instead of a room. The website was confusing since we put in 2 travellers so it should have been booking for 2 people. The receptionist was very unfriendly. We had to top up about 50 pounds to get us to stay together in a private room. The room was very basic and the bathroom door could not be close properly. The toilet bowl flush was not working as well. Overall, I don't think it was worth the money. The only thing that is good is the location of the hostel to Baker street, Regent's Park and Great Portland Street tube stations.",Date of stay: April 2014,1.0
45,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209172-Reviews-or45-ISH_International_Students_House-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"ISH International Students House Hostel Reviews, London",Excellent location and bar,Great location that allows one to get all over london quickly. Felt secure. Renovated bar and lobby. Nice to be around so many international students.   Be sure to stroll through regents park and see the rose garden.,Date of stay: January 2014,5.0
46,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209172-Reviews-or45-ISH_International_Students_House-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"ISH International Students House Hostel Reviews, London",Perfect for my needs,"I am currently completing a work based diploma towards a degree and I need to attend seminars in Central London. A few seminars were held over the last year at ISH and I was told of the availability of tooms in the venue itself (very handy). I usually only stay for 1 night.  I have stayed in three types of room.  1) 10 bed female dormitory - included breakfast voucher, free wifi and 241 drinks voucher. Comfortable bed but I felt uncomfortable about getting up in the morning and disturbing others sleep (shame they didnt have the same courtesy at 2am when stomping in the door worse for wear) Nothing that earplugs and eye mask didnt solve the next time when I knew what to expect. Its cheap and cheerful but clean, well managed and comfortable with curtains for privacy.   2) Single…",Date of stay: October 2013,5.0
47,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209172-Reviews-or45-ISH_International_Students_House-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"ISH International Students House Hostel Reviews, London",A great base for exploring London,"I stayed at ISH for 5 days in a double room though I never ended up with a roommate. Considering the quality of the room and the price (I paid 130 GBP - approx. $200.00), it was a good value. London, like most of Europe, is expensive. The price also includes a daily voucher for a light breakfast. The ensuite bathroom was clean. You do have to run the shower a few minutes to get hot water but that is due to the type of water circulation system the building has. All the staff i dealt with were friendly and helpful.   If you want to eat out for dinner, I highly recommend Istanbul Bistro, right across the street.   If you are here to see London, ISH's location is great. It really is just across the street from the Great Portland tube station. From there, you can be anywhere in…",Date of stay: August 2013,4.0
48,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209172-Reviews-or45-ISH_International_Students_House-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"ISH International Students House Hostel Reviews, London",Perfect Location!!!,"I stayed there for 5 days and I found the location perfect!! The tube station is outside and the Oxford street just 10min walking.. The only things I didn't like, is that they didn't clean the room daily, which I personally think is very important!!! Moreover, they seem to care a lot about the money, and they ask you to pay in advance.. I think that is very difficult for students (summer accommodation), to comply with this requirement.. Overall, I suggest the ISH, but don't forget, to arrange an everyday cleaning... ",Date of stay: July 2013,4.0
49,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209172-Reviews-or45-ISH_International_Students_House-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"ISH International Students House Hostel Reviews, London",Convenient and Friendly,"I wouldn't honeymoon here, but I wasn't on my honeymoon! It was a suburb location and I felt safe walking back at night. The receptionist was friendly and helpful and the rooms were clean. There were a lot of events going on and very student oriented but the excitement was infectious! It seemed very standard of hostels I've stayed at before and the price seemed affordable for all they offer and the Great Portland Street central location. I would stay here again!",Date of stay: August 2013,4.0
50,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209172-Reviews-or50-ISH_International_Students_House-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"ISH International Students House Hostel Reviews, London","Great location, nice bar","The staff are very friendly, the bar is nice and the location can't be beat. Very close to 5 tube stations, multiple bus lines and tour bus services. Easy walking distance to Marylebone High Street, Oxford and Regent Street, Camden Market and the sights of the city. Very close to convenience stores and restaurants also. It might not be the most luxurious accommodation, but it certainly does the job.",Date of stay: September 2012,4.0
51,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209172-Reviews-or50-ISH_International_Students_House-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"ISH International Students House Hostel Reviews, London",Ideal for backpackers,"My initial 5 days of stay here in London while backpacking UK - Ireland alone in search of adventure. Had a shared room with Dorji fellow student from Tibet.   Ideal for backpackers. Common bathroom and they provided me with a free Breakfast coupon, and Buy one Get one beer coupons at the restaurant.  Enjoyed my stay in London. ISH Located  Nr Regents Park metro station, walkable distance from Baker street and attractions like Madam Tussaud's.",Date of stay: August 2012,4.0
52,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209172-Reviews-or50-ISH_International_Students_House-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"ISH International Students House Hostel Reviews, London","Not bad, but expensive","I stayed at ISH on August 2012 for a week. I have to say it's quite a good value if I take into account location and price. It is a hostel, not the hotel as many people are confused.  The residence consists of 2 buildings - the main in Great Portland Street and the second in York Terrace. We were accommodated in York Terrace which is about 7 mins. away from the main building. Inspite of the location I wasn't disturbed of surroundings. On morning you need to go for the breakfast to the main building. Personally, I didn't enjoy breakfast because of weak variation of meals, you get voucher of £2.5 , I think.  The great advantage is you can get to many sights of London easily. I don't know now, but the last year the furniture was old and a bit damaged, should be renovated. Another…",Date of stay: August 2012,3.0
53,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209172-Reviews-or50-ISH_International_Students_House-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"ISH International Students House Hostel Reviews, London",En-suite not worth the £50,"Despite the attractive location and price, the publicity fails to mention that the hostel is essentially built on top of a (giant?) night club, which is thumping all night. Perhaps if you are a member of the deaf commuty, this is not a concern, but I could hear (and feel) the bass through the earplugs. This may not be the case in the middle of the week, but if you need a good rest, give it a miss on the weekend.   Secondly, the management burst into my room with their keys at 8:45 am, saw me sprawled on the bed, turned around with no apologies and let the door slam. This is despite clear warnings that checkout is at 10. Possibly they are used to resident students oversleeping and need to hose them out of bed, but this is completely inappropriate for guests (on a Sunday morning).…",Date of stay: June 2013,1.0
54,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209172-Reviews-or50-ISH_International_Students_House-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"ISH International Students House Hostel Reviews, London","Nice bed, Great location","I am from the UK and this was my first time staying in a hostel here, had a night out in london and just needed somewhere to get a few hours sleep, until the trains started running again. I have stayed in countless hostels in Australia and America but never in this country. I was so impressed, the bed was great, it had a curtain along the side, so you still had your own private space. The sheets were clean and fresh smelling and there was a little light inside the bed so you could read or whatever if others were sleeping. Its literally opposite great portland street station, which is right in the centre of london, you cant ask for much better for the price.",Date of stay: June 2013,5.0
55,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209172-Reviews-or55-ISH_International_Students_House-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"ISH International Students House Hostel Reviews, London","Eh, not that great",The location of this hostel was good but not a great place to stay. The showers were freezing! The beds did not feel clean and the floor was dirty as well. The breakfast was limited in what you could get for a decent price. The walls are very thin too and you can hear just about everything going on in the room next to you..,Date of stay: May 2013,3.0
56,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209172-Reviews-or55-ISH_International_Students_House-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"ISH International Students House Hostel Reviews, London","Good price for location, very dorm-like","Good price for location (visited in 2006), quite streets, some facilities nearby, very hostel-like room (we were 12 I think girls) with one bathroom. Not sure since then, hopefully has improved. Staff was very nice and quality of beds was ok.",Date of stay: July 2012,3.0
57,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209172-Reviews-or55-ISH_International_Students_House-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"ISH International Students House Hostel Reviews, London",recommeded,"I had stayed at ISH for two nights whilst I was visiting London. This was my first time staying there and visiting London. This place impressed me as it is near the tube, Great Portland Station. The room is clean; the towel was changed everyday as well. The service is good; they provide you breakfast. The price is also reasonable.  I recommend this place for anyone who looking for the fine and reasonable price accomodation during travelling in London.",Date of stay: January 2013,4.0
58,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209172-Reviews-or55-ISH_International_Students_House-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"ISH International Students House Hostel Reviews, London",Excellent location,"The location is excellent if you are really sleeping at the given address. It's just a few meters from the next Underground station. However, they have a second building which is 5min walk and is located in 10 York Terrace East. Internet is free and speed is definitely ok. They provide you with a towel and you have a washbasin in your room. As in many hotels or hostels, you can hear noise from your neighbors. Check out is at 10:00 am and they seem to be strict (at least, I got the impression). You can leave your luggage after check out until 8pm for GPD 1 per item, afterwards I think the night fare will be charged which was about 4 GPD per item.",Date of stay: December 2012,3.0
59,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209172-Reviews-or55-ISH_International_Students_House-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"ISH International Students House Hostel Reviews, London",Good service vs price,I think this is one of the cheapest place to host in London.It is quite far by walking from the downcenter but you can easily get there by train.Is near to the Great.Portland Street tube stop. Another point is that you receive a ticket for breakfast of £2.19 to change it for meal. Clean place during my stay. You can host there for short or long term stay.If you go for a short term as me is probabbly you get a female share room for 12 beds whereas there is a division every 4beds so it is not annoying to.share it. You can try it and is good if you are not going to stay the whole day there . ,Date of stay: September 2012,4.0
60,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209172-Reviews-or60-ISH_International_Students_House-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"ISH International Students House Hostel Reviews, London","Excellent location, terrible showers, watch for extra charges","This hostel is mere meters away from Great Portland Street Underground station, so proper central London. The price is supposed to include breakfast (starting at 07:30 on week days and 08:00 weekends) so this can be inconvenient if you need to leave early. But in reality it only includes a £2.90 voucher which will not get you a full breakfast. If you want English breakfast, that will cost you an extra £2.50, and the quality is not great, so don't be upset about missing it. Similar situation in the laundry room: using one of the washing machings and tumble driers (one 50-minute dry) is supposed to cost £5 (via a rechargeable card) BUT if you choose a superwash setting, you will NOT have enough credit left to use the tumble drier afterwards -you will have to buy a new card -and…",Date of stay: October 2012,3.0
61,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209172-Reviews-or60-ISH_International_Students_House-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"ISH International Students House Hostel Reviews, London",A let down,"I was looking forward to the stay at the ISH after we checked out the beautiful pictures on the site. However, the room was dark and dirty, floor uncleaned. Furthermore, the staff at the counter told us that there were hairdryers to be found along the corridor, but these were nowhere to be found. If not for the affordable price and the rather comfortable beds, this would have been a terrible misleading experience. Never again.",Date of stay: June 2012,1.0
62,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209172-Reviews-or60-ISH_International_Students_House-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"ISH International Students House Hostel Reviews, London",Don't believe the pictures on the web,"We booked a quad room.  The picture/video on the website showed four single beds and four wardrobes.   When we checked in, we were firstly given a room with 2 single beds.  Subsequently, upon realising their mistake, the reception rechecked us into another room (smaller than the original room given to us) with 2 sets of bunk beds and one wardrobe.   The 4-day stay in the puny room was a total disappointment which ruin our holiday.",Date of stay: June 2012,2.0
63,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209172-Reviews-or60-ISH_International_Students_House-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"ISH International Students House Hostel Reviews, London",Good night sleep,"A friend of mine was visiting from Holland and was his first time in London, we wanted to stay somewhere central and cheap. The location of the hostel is perfect as it is across the street from Great Portland underground station and bus stops. Also down the street you can find a local tesco as well as restaurants.   This place is really for people who are looking for a place to sleep, their bar is good if that is your thing, we were in the bar to watch the champions league finale they serve all kinds of drinks. I don't drink so I just had a Fanta.   Anyway the room was similar to any rooms that you find in a student accommodation, there were two beds, an en suite bathroom and an external sink. They gave us 15 mins WiFi, but we went there just to sleep and not for the internet so…",Date of stay: May 2012,4.0
64,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209172-Reviews-or60-ISH_International_Students_House-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"ISH International Students House Hostel Reviews, London",Great cheap rooms amd excellent bar.,"Clean tidy rooms, very basic but at these prices wjat can you expect.. Great bar which was so cheap which we never expected given the location!!! All the staff were lovely except in the breakfast bar where they were plain rude, but when youre having a good time you cant let a grumpy over worked cook spoil things!!  ",Date of stay: March 2012,4.0
65,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209172-Reviews-or65-ISH_International_Students_House-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"ISH International Students House Hostel Reviews, London","Central and cheap, perfect for short stays but watch your belongings","I stayed at ISH for a few days in early July and my first impressions were pretty good. I stayed in an 8 bunk female dorm - the room was quiet and each bed had a curtain for privacy, as well as a little shelf and power outlet set into the bedhead so you never had to fight over the rights to use an outlet like other hostels! The rooms were soft lit although each bed had an individual reading light which is useful when others wish to sleep.  The showers were adequate but there wasn't much privacy. (bring a bikini since the ""curtains"" are nothing but thin sheaths of plastic) I don't remember having any problems with the hot water although others have attested to this. Probably because I always showered in the morning. If anything the showerhead could have used a little more…",Date of stay: July 2011,3.0
66,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209172-Reviews-or65-ISH_International_Students_House-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"ISH International Students House Hostel Reviews, London",Totally awesome place with a totally awesome BAR!,"I stayed here for a week in August, the location is fantastic, the building is across the road from the subway and it's an easy walk to Regents Park, Oxford Street and all the main attractions. I was given a brilliant map on arrival which the place produces which i'll keep and use again when I return in January. There is also quite alot going on in the building, i caught some live music while I was satying there and sampled the bar a few times, which was super cheap which was perfect as I was on the $, so it went much further than any other bar i went to. London is an expensive city, but an amazing one and ISH is a good choice for a place to stay, it's clean and tidy, the staff are helpful (the janitors are noisy some mornings tho) and I met some pretty nice people there who now…",Date of stay: August 2011,4.0
67,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209172-Reviews-or65-ISH_International_Students_House-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"ISH International Students House Hostel Reviews, London",Best Summer Trip Ever!,This international student house is truly a travelers hidden gem! I travel to uk alot and spend most my summers traveling europe. I spent the entire summer of 2010 in London and rented a flat at this place. It was the best value and amazing location located in central london between baker street tube station & euston station off marlybone rd. Trust me you will not regret this decision by staying here. It is recommended for groups of friends in your 20's traveling in the summer throughtout uk.  It may not be a 5 star hotel or the cleanest but for a young man exploring london it provided me with an amazing trip. Purchase an oyster card (a subway pass) or you can walk to most of the central locations. Its safe and affordable.,Date of stay: October 2010,3.0
68,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209172-Reviews-or65-ISH_International_Students_House-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"ISH International Students House Hostel Reviews, London",Brilliant place,"When we arrived we saw there was building work going on and we thought we'd made a mistake. We checked in and the staff apologised for the disruption (it's being renovated) and we were given the keys to our room, which was clean and spacious. We stayed for a week in total and we both loved it. Lots going on in the building itself, We found the staff polite and willing to help out with ideas for London things to do. We ended up spending a couple of our evenings in the bar located in the building as it was so cheap and we were on a budget. It's not the Ritz, but its pretty darn good, so central within walking distance of Regents Park which is a perfect place to spend a sunny afternoon, perfectly good room, clean and tidy building, decent staff and the best location. We didn't have…",Date of stay: August 2011,4.0
69,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209172-Reviews-or65-ISH_International_Students_House-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"ISH International Students House Hostel Reviews, London",ISH has the rudest and uncourteous reception/secutity staff that opens the gate!!,"I have stayed at ISH for more than 15 days(out of practical reasons and not because I like the place!!). My primary reason for staying here was that it was right next to the tube station and close to  most central locations where you could walk.  This is the rudest possible hostel because the reception ladies are basically dumb. If you complain about the hot water not coming in the shower, you can rest assured it will not be sorted out till the time you give them 3 more calls. If you ask for the porter, they have to be reminded 3-4 times and then also you won't get one in the check out time. If you take the iron, then you have to pay 20 pounds as deposit which is not refunded if you keep in beyond 2 hours. Well, you better finish it in flat 2 hours if you do not want them to…",Date of stay: May 2011,1.0
70,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209172-Reviews-or70-ISH_International_Students_House-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"ISH International Students House Hostel Reviews, London",DO NOT STAY HERE!,"The only thing this place has going for it is the Bar - and my goodness you'll need a drink! I have never stayed in such a terrible place before, and having travelled extensively throughout Eastern europe this is saying something.  The room was not clean, we had no hot water for the duration of the stay and excessive noice till 3 am, staff were unsympathetic and rude... This ruined our stay in London.  to make matters worse, we were promised a refund of half the accomodation costs by a rather pleasant member of staff... After three weeks of no refund being received I telephoned back to be greated by a replacement manager who basically accused me of lying and said this would not be their policy, and I would not be refunded... It may be cheap but definetly worth speding an extra…",Date of stay: January 2011,1.0
71,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209172-Reviews-or70-ISH_International_Students_House-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"ISH International Students House Hostel Reviews, London",Terrible service!,"Went down to London to see a friend and decided to stay here as I lived here when  studying about 10 years ago. Just thought that would be nice to see the place again... well don't know why I bothered! For the same price I could have stayed at the Travelodge down the road and I bet that would have been loads better.  The attitude of the staff is something that I never understood: they were terrible then and they are even worse now! Not all of them thou, that would be very unfair to generalise but, unfortunatly, the majority of them are.   At 8am an alarm went off and it lasted for about 2 seconds. Not so bad, ok, my heart was pounding, I was a bit disoriented but, nevertheless, those things happen and are pretty understandable. Went back to sleep or at least try to. What a…",Date of stay: November 2010,1.0
72,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209172-Reviews-or70-ISH_International_Students_House-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"ISH International Students House Hostel Reviews, London",Internet doesn't work.,"Internet didn't work at all. If you get connect luckly, it's stil ubstale and slow. And staff's alttitude is bad.",None,1.0
73,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209172-Reviews-or70-ISH_International_Students_House-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"ISH International Students House Hostel Reviews, London",the coolest place in london,"this is the most amazing place i have ever stayed, the atmosphere is wonderful, the staff are friendly and profession. My room was great, the location: excellent, the bar staff were extremely friendly and even the higher staff were wonderful to interact with. I can truthfully say, i have loved every minute of my stay at international students house London.",Date of stay: September 2009,5.0
74,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209172-Reviews-or70-ISH_International_Students_House-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"ISH International Students House Hostel Reviews, London","""International Students House"" Review","+ Reasonable price + Central location + Friendly staff + Bonus point for hosting the London Open Go Tournament ! - Non-functional keycards - Smelly , run-down hallways - Badly insulated windows",Date of stay: December 2009,3.0
75,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209172-Reviews-or75-ISH_International_Students_House-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"ISH International Students House Hostel Reviews, London","""Don't drink the water""","I had to stay here one night because my other hostel was booked.  After my stay, I was glad it was only one night!  The security in the building is nice, if overdone.  You obviously have to have a key to get in, but to get to my room I had to go through 3 other locks, then unlock my room.  It was just a hassle, especially when my key (slide card) got erased and I couldn't get into my room.  I had to walk in my pajamas to the front desk to get my information back on the key.    The beds are pretty loud and uncomfortable, and there is one light for the whole room.  Annoying if you're a light sleeper and either someone is constantly coming in and turning on the light or stumbling around in the dark.  My room had a desk and a huge closet which was really nice.  Now to the worst…",Date of stay: October 2008,2.0
76,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209172-Reviews-or75-ISH_International_Students_House-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"ISH International Students House Hostel Reviews, London",Stay Well Clear!,"Whilst I had booked last minute, and knew that I was going to be sent from pillar to post, this accommodation was more than dissapointing.  For the price paid per night, my money would have been better spent at a budget hotel in London.    Okay, let me outline the pros and cons.  On the plus side, the entrance to the Great Portland Street entrance of International Student House is adjacent to the entrance to Great Portland Street tube station.  Which is ideal for getting around quickly!  As the circle line stops at this station it will take less than 10 minutes to get to either Paddington or King's Cross.    Other advantages are that there seems to be a television in all of the short stay rooms as well as a fridge.  There is a Tesco Express literally around the corner which is…",Date of stay: August 2008,1.0
77,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209172-Reviews-or75-ISH_International_Students_House-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"ISH International Students House Hostel Reviews, London",I like this place,"This was my first time in a youth hostel and before I was in London I checked the reviews from this hostel. Some of them were very disgusting so I thought it would be disgusting. But our room was just renovated, so we had a nice, clean room with a minifridge (we were lucky, because most of the other rooms on our floor didn't have a minifridge). And most of the other rooms I saw were old and a little dirty. The bathrooms for men and women are separated, but shared with everybody who stays at your floor too. Sometimes they are a little dirty and smell awful, but most of the time they are clean. It is a central location, close to the Tube, supermarkets, etc.  Finally, the Canadian guys who stayed at our floor were very nice, just like the staff... ",Date of stay: May 2007,3.0
78,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209172-Reviews-or75-ISH_International_Students_House-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"ISH International Students House Hostel Reviews, London",I'm too old for this...,"I've never stayed in a student hostel before.  I was attracted to all of the extracurricular activities on offer, as well as the great location.  For an extra fee I booked a single room with shared facilities.  The room was small, which was expected, and had a mini-fridge, which was a pleasant surprise.  The breakfast voucher  was sufficient for a light breakfast with coffee or tea, but for a bigger appetite you had to pay extra (though the cost was reasonable).  Those were the good things about ISH.  Here are the bad:  the bed was awful.  A thin, clearly elderly mattress (oddly laminated in plastic) resting on a wire mesh bedframe, one so old it had permanent craters in it.  The sheets were thin, and kept coming loose.  Every toss and turn was painful, as the springs/wire mesh…",Date of stay: September 2006,2.0
79,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209172-Reviews-or75-ISH_International_Students_House-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"ISH International Students House Hostel Reviews, London",Just like old times,"I recently stayed at ISH for holiday with my husband (I loved living there from 1996 to 1997).  ISH is for people from all walks of life and cultures.  It promotes knowledge, education and acceptance of different cultures (hence the name, International Student's House) and has many functions for visitors to get to know each other.  If you are looking for a clean, VERY central location and do not mind sharing bathrooms (and potentially bedrooms) this could be the place for you.  The price is very affordable compared to hotels so close to central London (you can walk to Piccadilly Circus in about 20-25 min).  There are female and male are bathrooms shared by others on the floor. The beds are twin Ikea-dorm style (do not hold two people).  There are actually 2 facilities within two…",Date of stay: September 2005,4.0
80,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209172-Reviews-or80-ISH_International_Students_House-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"ISH International Students House Hostel Reviews, London",Great Place to Stay,"I stayed at the International Students House in May 2004. I had my own room which contained a bed (a bit uncomfortable, but OK), a sink, a desk, and a closet. I was very happy when I first walked into my room because I was expecting something much smaller. My room was clean and comfortable.  There were two water closets in my section of the hostel and a co-ed shower (partitioned off...not uncomfortable at all).  I had maid service each day and received a new towel with each service. Although the hostel was a little noisy in the morning (doors opening and shutting) I felt safe here. The staff was also very helpful. The worst thing about my stay here is that I had to go out to a payphone to make calls. The best thing about this hostel is its location. It is right across the street…",None,4.0
81,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209172-Reviews-or80-ISH_International_Students_House-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"ISH International Students House Hostel Reviews, London",Cheap and Nice!,"this is hostel was the first hostel I had ever stayed in. I was very nervous that it was going to be a dump, but it was a very nice place to stay. Its right across the street from a tube station, and close to a lotof things. We stayed in a four person dorm. The beds were comfortable, and the room clean. It was a very clean and safe hostel, and the price was very cheap!",None,4.0
