,link,hotel_name,review_headline,review,review_date,review_score
0,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or0-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,A True Diamond,"Checked in early evening having checked out of Hilton London Metropol.  Duty Manager Anna was so embarrassed for the Hilton Brand on hearing why we had moved that she personally reminded us why we only ever stay at a Hilton.  To say she went above & beyond us an understatement.  Our allocated room blew our mind away, wow, wow, Wow-Factor.  Unfortunately I couldn’t sample the free breakfast as I was in London for an operation & had to be nil by mouth from midnight. Anna on hearing my wife couldn’t accompany me & had to wait until I was discharged later in the day gave us a late checkout, it didn’t stop there.......  My wife popped out for a cigarette whilst waiting only to find her room key wouldn’t work, turned out to be an intermittent fault that maintenance couldn’t fix for an extended period of time so Anna made sure my wife had everything she needed to make her comfortable in the meantime.  As a business owner, I know the importance of customer service, this blew me away and certainly raised the bar!  Thank You So Much Anna (AKA) The New Hilton Brand Ambassador, we will be back!  My stitches need removing in two weeks so we will be staying again!￼   See you soon we hope, you truly are a diamond  Kind Regards  Graeme & Sara Smith…",Date of stay: May 2021,5.0
1,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or0-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Fantastic hotel for London,"Great location. Essentially part of London Paddington station with immediate access to the Tune ( London Underground)  our day trips included usual stuff, for example Tower of London, a short tube ride and British Museum we walked. The hotel staff were fantastic. Moses behind the bar went the extra mile finding the Lillet hidden in the stock room. ( thanks returning san's Lillet was not an option). Thanks to the team for a lovely and safe stay.",Date of stay: May 2021,5.0
2,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or0-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Scruffy,"Very very very tired. Not clean. Must services are not available. Plumbing is poor, ceilings are damaged, wash basin was dirty and disgusting. The beds are comfortable...on the upside! I feel sorry for the staff but this hotel damages the Hilton brand",Date of stay: May 2021,1.0
3,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or0-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Disappointing return,"I know it was only the first day of re-opening, however, as a Hilton Diamond member, membership benefits were notably absent. On this visit, I was told that the Executive Lounge was still closed, and that the hotel is considering closing it for good. If that is true, it is a very disappointing decision. In addition, when I asked what was being offered in place of the Lounge, I was told I could have one drink - in total! In order to get a drink for my partner, I had to explain that my room booking was for two guests! It was that experience in particular that really made me feel like the hotel is just trying to cut costs, and no longer values customers who are loyal Hilton members - at a time when it needs to be doing precisely that, so that they will return and stay again in future. Even with the Lounge being temporarily closed, I would have expected some effort to have gone into an alternative offering. Even one drink per guest cannot seriously be considered an adequate alternative to free use of the Lounge!  I have enjoyed staying at the Hilton Paddington on previous business visits, but if the Lounge now stays closed, I will certainly have to reconsider staying again in future. Hilton hotels should not be withdrawing benefits to (non-US) Diamond members who have worked very hard to earn them, they will end up going elsewhere.…",Date of stay: May 2021,3.0
4,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or0-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Awful, stay clear","When I checked in and was given my room, the carpets had not been hoovered and when I took my socks off, I found I was standing on debris. When I went to take a shower, the water wouldn't heat up hot enough and then the shower head burst and slit in two. When I called down to reception to report it, no one answered. Went down to report it and no one could be found. Slept with a awfully loud AC and then no one even bothered to ask how my stay was on check out. Only good thing was good quality TV and comfy bed",Date of stay: March 2021,1.0
5,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or5-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,THE MOST HORRIBLE STAFF,"This review was long overdue! Do not go to this place, I was on a trip back to LA and such horrible staffing. Truly underserving of the brand Hilton! It was raining outside at night. She told me to leave if I was unhappy about the service and I was WITH my son. the receptionist could not make it more obvious that she truly does not care about people she encounters in that place! I left that same night and wanted my refund back. She was not in any way helpful to her guests. Shameful service and the rooms are also tacky. horrible horrible prevent at all cost! Go to Point A Hotel Paddington if you want to have genuine staff that cares about your well-being!",Date of stay: December 2020,1.0
6,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or5-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Lovely grand hotel shame about website,"This is a lovely grand hotel of a bygone era that still remains its charm.  However due to Covid-19 it was eerie to see it so empty and lifeless.  There is no direct access to the London Paddington Railway station, the restaurant is completely closed, there is no Executive Lounge and just one member of staff in reception, trying her best ti make yoy feel most welcome. In this Covid era it seems that Covid is an excuse to rip people off and not provide accurate information on the website. Please be aware ""reduced breakfast"" as well as all other services is ACTUALLY NO SERVICES.   Breakfast is a box a little more like a snack box of items to barely get you going for the day but at least a hot drink is bought to your room.  However it is very misleading and poor customer service to…",Date of stay: October 2020,2.0
7,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or5-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Extremely frustrating Covid cancellation attempt ,"Want to share my experience- I’m waiting for the refund of my cancellation (due to COVID) since 6 months. Every time I get a different excuse and a different timeframe on how “soon” it will be resolved. 5 business days or 7 business days and now 30 business days. Completely ridiculous- couldn’t be more unhappy, if there was ever a customer service that deserved 0 stars this is it. Unfortunately this wasn’t an option here so I went with 1 star.  The issue is in equal parts due to the hotel which wasn’t willing to give me a refund at all despite the clear company policy to do so but also Hilton corporate who always promised to resolve it but constantly fails to do so.  I spend endless hours on hotlines, over email and chat with many different reps - all are fast to promise…",Date of stay: November 2020,1.0
8,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or5-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,One more bad review ,"Like many recent (and older) reviews I can only add what an extremely disappointing stay we had. As diamond members we were ripped off paying £97 for no Executive lounge, no restaurants, no fitness centre, no direct access to Paddington Station and only one person on the reception desk etc etc. At the price charged we expected these services. The most disappointing thing was that the website refers to ‘reduced’ services, when there were none. This in my opinion amounts to false advertising.   A reduced Executive lounge does not mean no lounge. Reduced restaurants does not meant no restaurants and a reduce breakfast doesn’t mean a boxed breakfast. If it is only a boxed breakfast then say this on your website.   We deliberately stayed here because we planned a relatively early…",Date of stay: September 2020,1.0
9,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or5-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Location,Selected this hotel based on brand and location and my need to get there from heathrow to get to a train at paddington the next day. No other reason. The hotel served its purpose well. Not crowded either. Clean. A bit expensive for what it is and would not of chosen for more than one night. Good breakfast. ,Date of stay: August 2020,4.0
10,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or10-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Coroma stay,"Very easy with traim from Heathrow and one night before train to Swansea  A clean nice room.   We booked including breakfast,  but at the arrival hey say breafast will be delivered in a box at the door next morning. Never anything like it.     I understand that they need to be careful cause of the virus, but  not  as an excuse to serve something so bad.  Payed too much for this crap 😒 ",Date of stay: September 2020,3.0
11,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or10-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Hilton's Covid response seems to be  ""Let's rip off our customers""","I live in West London and I have been a Hilton patron for many years, so staying overnight at Paddington was partly to simplify our travel to Heathrow and partly to 'help out' an industry which needs it. When I booked at the hotel site, it offered an executive package at an extra 50% - this includes a lounge with evening cocktails and snacks, breakfast, and an executive floor. The site said that some faciliyies may have restrictions, but in fact NONE of these benefits were there - the hotel must have known that before falsely advertising the package.  Arriving at the hotel was a ghost town as far as staff was concerned: one receptionist so a ten minute wait to check in. No lounge, given a room on 1st floor ""with lovely high ceilings"" - true, but they didn't tell you that the…",Date of stay: September 2020,1.0
12,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or10-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Excellent service,"It was after 6pm on Monday the 14th of September and I needed some help. I walked in the Hilton in hope someone could assist me with my issue. Although I wasn't a guest at this time, Duty Manager Anna J. Made me feel welcome and sorted out my issue in no time. Thank you so very much Anna, you've been a tremendous help. Next time I need a hotel, Hinton will be my go to thanks to this service.",Date of stay: September 2020,5.0
13,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or10-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Unclean and unwelcoming,"Thankfully only had one night booked. Broken tiles in bathroom, stained on walls and desk, milk left in unplugged fridge by previous guest making me wonder how clean my room was. Absolutely terrible customer service",Date of stay: September 2020,2.0
14,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or10-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Paid Twice!,"This is a great Hotel in a good location,  but I ended up paying twice by booking with Agoda.com! No one is owning up who owes me! Taking advantage the general public during these hard times, shame on you",Date of stay: September 2020,3.0
15,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or15-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,They're not really ready to welcome anyone back,Arrived for a two night stay over the bank holiday weekend. The following services are not available: - room service - housekeeping - restaurant - bar - mini bar - breakfast (other than a brown bag with a yoghurt and pastry) On top of this on the Friday night the pipe works (we assume) made an incessant noise like a thud and prevented a restful night. To make it worse there was no hot water the following morning. In trying to get replacement towels for the room on our second night the housekeeping dial went through to a staff helpline for covid. In fact all the services went through to a staff helpline. Yet there were no more than two staff seen on both days we were there. I'm guessing they remain furrloughed. Bear in mind the above if seeking a staycation in what is left of…,Date of stay: August 2020,1.0
16,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or15-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Do not book,Very disappointed. Booked on booking.com for what fear we thought was the same evening. Turned up at the property. Turned away as booking was for following night and have since read that the hotel was quiet and they still charged us for the booking as at point if booking it was after free cancellation time!,Date of stay: August 2020,1.0
17,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or15-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Traditional hotel with a great location,"Very quiet when we stayed at the hotel.  Very helpful receptionist.  Room as one would expect - clean, coffee and tea facilities, nice beds, well laid out and good air conditioning.  The fridge went on but did have any cooling effect.  The hotel like so many others was in ghost mode with most facilities still closed due to the virus and few people staying there.  I did like the hotel and its character and would stay there again as not only is it is a nice hotel but you can be out of the hotel and on your train in five minutes or in the heart of London in about the same time.",Date of stay: August 2020,4.0
18,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or15-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Good choice for business trips,"Stayed there a few times when on business in Paddington area. The location is great, but the hotel is dated. Each time I stayed there was 1 lift only working. The GWR tower rooms are renovated, but the rest really need some touch.  The room service is OK, but better to go outside to eat. The gym is extremely small.",Date of stay: January 2020,4.0
19,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or15-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Weekend in London,"Hotel is excellent if you are planning some trips by rail to the Cotswolds, etc. Despite the Covid-19 situation, the room was very clean and large. Bed was excellent. Staff were superb, and tried their best. Will certainly come back.",Date of stay: August 2020,4.0
20,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or20-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,There in difficult times ,We needed to stay in London overnight before we headed to Heathrow.  A bunch of the other hotels in London are shut down for the pandemic.  The Hilton was not only open (while still empty) but they went out of their way to ensure we were comfortable and well cared for. ,Date of stay: August 2020,5.0
21,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or20-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,A great stay during difficult times -  One night Stopover,"I've used this hotel before, excellent for Paddington, Central London and links to Heathrow.   This trip, during these difficult times was first class. The three main members of staff, General Manager, Commercial Director and Duty Manager went out of their way to make my stay comfortable and friendly; a service that'll ensure I return.  The Restaurant, lounge and bar are currently closed but I was provided with selection of complimentary drinks in the room.  The little suitcase with wine in, was a great touch.   Breakfast was ""breakfast in a box"" delivered to the room, simple but tasty. Freshly brewed Coffee went down well.",Date of stay: July 2020,5.0
22,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or20-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Exceptional customer service, terrible breakfast!!! (difficult times)","Booked in for just one night during these very strange and difficult times.  A  great location right on Paddington Station. The receptionist was very friendly and allowed us to book in early.  The room was lovely, clean and comfortable but very hot. The receptionist did come and try to turn down the thermostat but was unable to.  Later, we called again as it was so hot and the manager, Richard came and moved us to a cooler room.  He was so personable, professional and friendly - a pure delight.  He even brought us a complimentary drink in the cutest little suitcase!  I can not fault the rooms or the service.  Breakfast!!!  Can't say the same. Because of the virus breakfast was served in the room.  We were asked if we wanted an 'English' breakfast and if we wanted tea or coffee. …",Date of stay: July 2020,5.0
23,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or20-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Comfort and location,"I stayed here for one night before my flight home to Australia. As other reviewers have said, it's right on Paddington station and the Heathrow Express - there is not even any need to walk outside as the hotel is connected directly to the station by elevator and escalator. It's easy to walk and sightsee around the hotel. I walked through Kensington Gardens to High Street and then onto Notting Hill and Portobello Road. It was gorgeous winter weather so perfect for walking.  The staff are professional and courteous. They even complemented me a late check out to 3pm as my flight home wasn't until late at night. A lovely place, great breakfast and high degree of comfort, privacy and peace.",Date of stay: January 2020,5.0
24,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or20-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Very nice,"A really great hotel. The receptionist was very friendly and even helped me with my luggage. Breakfast was included in the price, and the room was really spacious and very clean. Next year I will definitely be back",Date of stay: November 2019,5.0
25,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or25-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great stay and with a perfect location,"I arranged this trip as a 40th Birthday present for my best friend we are opposite ends of the country so a show and weekend in London was an ideal location. We had a great stay this hotel is situated within a couple of minutes walk from Paddington station, the tube is opposite so you are within 20 mins of Piccadilly Circus.  We took a walk to Buckingham Palace which took 40 mins but is a straight walk through Hyde Park. We did afternoon tea at Kensington Palace again within 15 mins from the hotel walking.  The hotel staff were very friendly we were able to check in 2 hrs early which really helped to make the trip even more relaxed.  I would highly recommend this hotel and will definitely look to stay here again if on a weekend break to the city",Date of stay: March 2020,5.0
26,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or25-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great Hotel,Really nice hotel Service at reception was great Rooms were very good size and very clean Gym not bad had a few bits of equipment   Breakfast was great very good selection  And could order omelettes etc Would highly recommend,Date of stay: March 2020,5.0
27,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or25-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,A safe harbour in difficult times,"We have frequently made this hotel our final stop while in the UK, due to its convenient location proximate to the Heathrow Express. On this occasion we were particularly appreciative of the calm and professional services we received.  In short...""Keep Calm and Wash Your Hands!""",Date of stay: March 2020,5.0
28,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or25-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Location, location, location ","Just finishing a four night stay at Hilton Paddington. It’s all about location. A two minute walk from our train from Devon. I was welcomed as a Diamond, given an upgrade, briefed on breakfast options, shown the executive lounge location. After a leisurely breakfast in the main restaurant (and always recognized as Diamond) I spent the daytime exploring museums and cafes as the hotel is two minutes walk down to the Underground station. Evenings started in the executive lounge for nosh and drinks. Preferred Starbucks outside the Paddington entrance to the lounge coffee machine. Cocktail time from 6:00 to 8:00. Wine, beer, four spirits, and decent canapés which were constantly replenished. Not quite a spread worthy of making a huge meal but enough to satisfy. The lounge has views…",Date of stay: March 2020,4.0
29,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or25-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Great location, comfortable but ageing","Stayed two nights here and would certainly stay again. The location for the train station is perfect, with easy underground access for all of London.  The room was comfy and the staff friendly. The hotel is ageing slightly and there was some noise outside our room due to tiled floor rather than carpet, so every wheeled suitcase could be loud.  Only receive wifi access by joining Hilton rewards program, but good 4G signal.",Date of stay: February 2020,4.0
30,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or30-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Death by a thousand cuts,"A big disappointment.  I've stayed here half a dozen times in a dozen years and have always liked the hotel for its exceptionally large rooms that were not only comfortable but had windows that opened (a big deal for me).  Of course, the frosting on the cake was the hotel's extraordinarily convenient location for anyone spending only a few days in London and wanting a hotel with a dead-easy connection to Heathrow.  This last visit has made me think that I'll settle in future for hotels that aren't so convenientty located.  Reason: the Hilton Paddington seems to have decided that costcutting is the best path to profitability.    Examples? The bulbs in the bedstand lights are now so dim that you can't read in bed.   Want to plug in a bedside device of your own?  Not anywhere near…",Date of stay: March 2020,3.0
31,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or30-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Great location, great staff, hotel showing some signs of age","1 lift not working, carpets worn and frayed in the bedroom corridors. Room spotlessly clean and tidy, comfortable bed, however the decor is tired, it needs redecorating, new wall paper, carpet, and the sink in th bathroom cracked, one of the bathroom lights constantly flickering, surely those servicing the room would have noticed this. Free wifi couldnt access it... but the Hilton Honor £13.99 wifi was available! Thats the negative... the staff are smartly presented, and plenty of them, breakfast was good quality, and plenty of it. The location is excellent, part of the Station complex, and well placed to visit the city Its a shame TripAdvisor goes from Average to Very Good... it is Good, better than the average rating i can give, but not Very Good",Date of stay: March 2020,3.0
32,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or30-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Hilton London Paddington,"This  hotel is in the most convenient location in London connected to Paddington rail station and across the street from the Paddington underground. Easy walking to restaurants and London points of interest. Friendly staff, great full breakfast.  Heathrow Express is an airport rail link between London Heathrow Airport and Paddington.",Date of stay: June 2019,5.0
33,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or30-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Convenient,It's fantastic location adjoining the Paddington Train Station makes this hotel very accessible and convenient for the discerning traveller who wants to get between the city and the Heathrow airport quickly.,Date of stay: March 2020,4.0
34,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or30-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,***Absolutely disgraceful - avoid at all costs ***,"As a Hilton Diamond member I understand what Hilton standards should be and stay at countless Hilton branded hotels around the UK and wider world.  This hotel is shocking and avoid at all costs if you expect to be treated per Hilton brand standards.  Broken toilet which did not flush in the room, despite reporting to reception shortly after checkin it was not repaired during my stay.  In the evening (11.25pm when the bar closes at midnight) upon returning from dinner at a west end restaurant we were met with an incredibly rude and brutish arms crossed doorman at the door to the bar who just said 'closed'.  I explained that I was told by reception when I enquired earlier that evening that the bar closed at midnight and was met back with 'well not tonight then...'.  Upon checking…",Date of stay: February 2020,1.0
35,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or35-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Will return,"The hotel is conveniently located and provided the necessary amenities but the star of the show was the supervisor at the restaurant Carriages. Constantin, after admitting I'd had a bit bigger night than anticipated, ensured I was in a quiet area with plenty of coffee, water, and whatever else I needed. With this type of individualized attention I would readily return.",Date of stay: March 2020,5.0
36,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or35-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Ok but cold and lifts out of action,"Stayed here for 3 nights over 2 weeks. First time 2 out of 3 lifts not working and the one that was didn’t feel too safe. Second visit, 2 lifts working out of 3 and long waits to get down from top floors, and stairs not obviously signposted.   Rooms were cold, called reception on second night and they said heat was centrally controlled and they would turn my room up but in the morning, no change.   Stayed here for the points and the room upgrades, but won’t stay here again. ",Date of stay: February 2020,2.0
37,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or35-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Amazing ! ,My family and I went to this hotel to drink something the night of my birthday. A nice waitress took care of us she was adorable. All the staff was very nice. The room made us comfortable. I clearly recommend this hotel ! ,Date of stay: October 2019,5.0
38,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or35-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Good for business meetings ,"As I say ideal location for business meetings, so long as: 1. Someone else is paying as it’s woefully e pensive just for a cup of tea; 2. You don’t mind a lot of noise - the acoustics are terrible. I’ve stayed over a few times and it’s okay hotel.",Date of stay: February 2020,3.0
39,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or35-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Overnight delight,"Quick overnight between flights, very clean, with sharp and observant staff, GREAT location, excellent room with very comfortable bed, Starbucks in the lobby, and dozens of restaurants and pubs within a hundred metres. A little pricey but worth it. Negatives... We took the bus from Stansted due to time constraints, and the drop-off point was a little bit of a long walk with all our luggage;  hardly the hotel's fault....However, the Heathrow Express is literally right outside the lobby.",Date of stay: January 2020,5.0
40,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or40-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Fantastic Location,"In terms of location, you can't beat this hotel, especially if you travel to and fro Heathrow via the Heathrow Express. And also if your main form of transportation in the city is by the tube.  Now to the facility itself. The elevators were a huge disappointment. Very very slow moving from one floor to another. The wait for the elevators took ages, and this was not helped by the fact that only 2 out of 3 elevators were working throughout my entire 5 night stay.  Room was ok, but needs refurbishment. Starting to look old. It IS clean though, this i give credit.  Breakfast was ok, but the same thing every single day for 5 days. Need to add variety.  Staff were pleasant enough. Not super-friendly, but acceptable.  If i do return, it will only be because of its perfect location and…",Date of stay: February 2020,3.0
41,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or40-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"pleasant stay, excellent location","As mentioned in a previous review only two of three elevators are currently operational which is inconvenient during the rush hours. The lounge is nice for snacks but I liked it more on one evening (lamb kofta) than the next (chicken wings). The toiletries by fortune and mason are cleverly designed so that they can be replenished without throwing the plastic away. However, after using the body lotion for my hair as I often do I found out it was actually conditioner (the difference was obvious) which suggests whoever did the refilling was not diligent enough... The Eastern European lady at reception was very courteous and helpful in answering my questions.",Date of stay: February 2020,4.0
42,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or40-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Overnight stay in London,"Came to the hotel with relatively high expectations as have some good reviews. The location is very good, a few steps from the station and easy to get to anywhere in London. Checking in was very pleasant and efficient. The elevators was a very disappointing experience, only 2 of 3 working. This seem to be the case for some time and simply not good enough, you also want to get your technical team to make sure they are synchronised when the call buttons are used!! your wasting peoples time and your money on electricity! The room i stayed in was spacious but not more than expected being a Diamond member. Could do with a refit soon as looking tired. Breakfast was OK, a bit disappointing that the hot items were warm at best even at 08:00! The Executive lounge was very disappointing,…",Date of stay: February 2020,3.0
43,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or40-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Older decor and rooms, but amazing staff and location","You simply cannot beat this location for Heathrow travelers into London. The decor is very art deco and old, many rooms are dated and worn, equipment is also well worn and some hvac units loud... I've had to change rooms at least 1-2x every time i go :(  That's all the bad... and I's still go back b/c of location and staff.   Steven at Concierge is an absolute gem... so helpful, patient, kind and knowledgeable.   Additionally, Matteo in the executive lounge was simply just lovely! He was very hospitable, friendly, accommodating and knowledgeable about the hotel and it's surroundings. He made us feel very welcome.",Date of stay: February 2020,4.0
44,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or40-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great location,"Very good location , next to paddington station and tube station.  Very good value for money considering area and quality of rooms/experience. Perfect area for tourists, easy to access everything you’d need, restaurants, shops and transport ",Date of stay: February 2020,4.0
45,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or45-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,10p a step,Popped in to the carriages bar for a meeting and grabbed a coke from the bar  Was amazed to see a 55p service charge added to the bill for a coke when the staff member walked a mere 5 steps over to deliver to my table   We are talking 10p a step here so I fear what a charge is for top floor room service,Date of stay: February 2020,3.0
46,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or45-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Weekend in London,"The Hilton London Paddington is in a great location and it is elegant. It is a little tried in place but it’s a hotel and wear and tear is high in a busy facility.  The room was nice, could do with a facelift but acceptable. The big flat screen TV was great to watch but was too big for its position see photo number 4.  Two big issues during our two night stay one of the three lifts was out of commission and for one full day only one lift was operational.  My other issue was about two charges on my cc. It could have been sorted in seconds and was eventually by Sue Edwards(thanks Sue). Getting through to hotel by phone is almost impossible, had to contact Hilton Honors again not great on issue resolution but I did get an email address and Sue is a gem.",Date of stay: February 2020,4.0
47,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or45-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Location is the only positive,I’m currently staying at this hotel for a work trip. The location is good for travel but everything else is a negative. I had to pay 35 pounds to check in 4 hours early to access a different room with my 9 month old. We then had to move to another room on the 2nd day as I refused to pay an extra 35 pounds per night for what they qualified as a more “premium family” room. I’m currently staying In Room 405. The window is very difficult to close. We lost power in the room last night. The bathroom mirror has toothpaste stains and the wallpaper in the bedroom has a white film all over it!,Date of stay: February 2020,2.0
48,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or45-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Super Location!,I've stayed at this location several times.  I find it to be ever so convenient when fly through Heathrow or taking the trains.  The staff is topnotch and the service and care they provide is excellent.   I love the rooms and it's super easy for me as a solo traveler to get anywhere I need to go in London & beyond from this location.  ,Date of stay: January 2020,5.0
49,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or45-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,A ok Hilton @ a perfect spot ,"The hotel itself is perfectly located, Paddington is around the corner and the new office locations too. It’s a fantastic old building - which makes it complicated to get in good shape.  As always and in most of the Hilton, the shower is with a curtain (for me a clear NoGo), the yellow brown furniture and carpets seams a bit old, all in all it’s a bid dark and it’s hard to feel welcome - even if the team ist doing a good job.  The Beds are extremely good, the breakfast is to expensive for the selection, but they have a pancake engine and that’s cool to look at ;) and this time water was in the room (only for free if you a long time member ;)  So over all- ok but a Hilton should do more and better ",Date of stay: February 2020,3.0
50,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or50-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Clean and efficient - great location,"Friendly staff, clean room and overall a great experience.  the location is ideal, you don't even have to go outside to get to Paddington station. There are lots of food places outside, too. The bed was very comfortable and the room was of a good size for the price. Would definitely stay again.",Date of stay: February 2020,5.0
51,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or50-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Revitalised 146 Lounge,"The 146 has undergone a small transformation, good and bad. The seating in the lounge has been changed away from the extremely comfortable sofas to far less comfortable and much less appealing hard chairs and high tables.   The menus has been upgraded with the inclusion of cocktail salads which are salads served in tubular containers and then the dressing is added into the container at the table and it is then resealed and shaken as a 'cocktail' .  Expensive, but very tasty   The service as always was excellent",Date of stay: February 2020,4.0
52,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or50-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Comfortable,"Caught up in delayed flights, storm Ciara and lost baggage. A haven next to the station. Comfortable bed and buffet breakfast just what the doctor ordered. A pleasant stay. In a double room. Minimal external noise.",Date of stay: February 2020,5.0
53,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or50-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Fab Service from Preston,Just ate at the restaurant and food was great but above all the service from Preston was 5 star. He is always really helpful and extremely polite. I’ve been staying her for some time and one of the reasons is the friendly staff. Good job Hilton Paddington,Date of stay: February 2020,5.0
54,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or50-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Suprised by lack of access awareness,"Stayed one night at this hotel.  The front entrance has a bell so disabled people can call for help, and a really nice staff member came out... but... you cannot really access the front by wheelchair, you have to go all the way around and go through the rail station next door.  This includes going through 2 heavy doors.   We were first sent to a room that was up 5 stairs. Not very accessible! There was a platform lift but its been out of service, we were told, for several months. They knew I was a wheelchair user but put me there anyway. Manager: ""You can't get up the stairs? Are you sure?"" ... Yes, Mate, I am sure my powerchair lacks ""Dalek hover mode"".  The room was nice, roomy, wet room was good but lacked anywhere to put soap, etc.   Breakfast room is not very roomy. they…",Date of stay: January 2020,3.0
55,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or55-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Excellent hotel in a great location,I’ve stayed at many Hilton’s over the years and have to say this is one of the best particularly its location at Paddington station. Really handy for using as a base for visiting London. As a Hilton Honors Diamond member means additional upgrades that make stays extra special. Really good breakfast service with very attentive friendly staff. Exec lounge well suited for views across the busy terminus. Only a few steps to the Underground Station. Very clean rooms. Well done all,Date of stay: February 2020,5.0
56,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or55-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great location. Needs upgrades,I have been staying at this hotel for years. Very convenient. We come for a weekend of soccer matches. Rooms need to be redone. Run down. Denied executive lounge privileges as a gold Hilton member for the first time. ,Date of stay: January 2020,3.0
57,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or55-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Our favorite hotel in London!,"This was our third stay at this excellent historic hotel. It is right in Paddington station which is incredibly convenient. The staff are so service oriented. The executive lounge is a great treat with regular food and drink offerings. Gold members get free breakfast at the extensive hot food bar. Honestly, I don't even care how much it costs it is so dang convenient. There is a FABULOUS Lebanese restaurant around the corner.",Date of stay: February 2020,5.0
58,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or55-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Very Good For Heathrow Express,I stayed for one night at the Hilton on my way back to Australia - only reason was it's direct connection to Paddington Station as I am not really a fan of the Paddington area.  The room was fine and I had a good breakfast but as others have said the hotel is al little tired.  Its a good place to stay in comparison to an airport hotel and has really good connectivity to the underground.  I am not  a Hilton member and I find it terrible that they still charge for the internet in this day and age.,Date of stay: February 2020,3.0
59,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or55-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Convenient but tired,"As background, I am a diamond hilton member so I have stayed at many hilton hotels.   This hotel is incredibly convenient for travelers as it is connected to Paddington station and the underground.  Unfortunately, the lobby, rooms and meeting facilities are dated, worn and disappointing.  Maintenance in the hotel seems to be delayed.  For example, one of three elevators has not worked for the 12 months I have visited this hotel.  And this morning only 1 of 3 elevators worked. Service is horrible.  Tried calling front desk last night and it rang for 3 minutes with no answer (did this three times and gave up).  When I told staff that only one elevator was working they just shrugged their shoulders.  While rooms are reasonably sized, carpets are stained or torn and there are other…",Date of stay: February 2020,2.0
60,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or60-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Location, Location, Location","A quick two night escape to London just after New-Year, very last minute booking of flight and hotel. We were delighted with the location: just perfect. From Heathrow it's so convenient to arrive literally at the hotel after a quick 15 minutes journey, and thereafter to be able to travel with the tube from Paddington. We were not on London to stay in the hotel, we didn't even have breakfast there, the only thing I can say is that it's clean enough, and beds are very confortable. Prices were ok. If I fly again to London, I'll definitely come back there.",Date of stay: January 2020,5.0
61,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or60-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Location, Location & Location","Rather traditional (well, dating from 1854!) very conveniently located hotel, for example from LHR it’s just 15min trip with Heathrow Express plus 1min walk to the hotel. Review based on a one-night stay in January (background of spending 80+ nights per year in different hotels around the globe).   Location: Located at the Paddington station means of course that there are excellent public transportation options via numerous train, tube and bus lines. A large number of shops, pubs and restaurants within stone’s throw.   Room: Had a basic room at the 5th floor which was rather spacious. Décor was quite traditional which of course is probably the right choice in this kind of historical hotel.    The room was clean with no stains or signs of usage anywhere.   Good soundproofing with…",Date of stay: January 2020,4.0
62,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or60-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Locaton is very good but the facilities was too old,The location of Hilton London Paddington is convenient especially when you are first visit in London.  It situated at Paddington Station with Harthrow Express from airport to hotel.   However the hotel room faciilties is old espeically the flushing water.  It wait 2 minutes to refill the water.  The attitudes of reception is fair and not willing to help.   The overall comment is when you are first visit it was a good choice to stay at this hotel for 1 or 2 days.   ,Date of stay: January 2020,3.0
63,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or60-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Good stay and location. Very convenient for the Heathrow Express,"Stayed here for 2 nights at the end of our long London trip. We were motivated mainly because the hotel had direct access to Paddington station and the Heathrow Express as we were flying out from Heathrow. As I have Hilton Gold status we were upgraded to a family room, which was larger than a regular room. Overall, while the decor was somewhat dated we had a good stay here. The breakfast selection was good and the breakfast staff were always offered a cheerful and welcoming demeanor along with their efficient service.  Only minor negative were the steps at the main entrance to the lobby and there were never any bell staff to help with the luggage or at least open the door for us, which was a hassle as we had 3 large suitcases. Not the kind of welcome I was expecting on arrival.…",Date of stay: January 2020,4.0
64,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or60-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,EXCELLENT STAY,This is my second time at the Hilton Paddington and I would always come back.  The perfect Hilton experience.  The hotel recognized my HiltonHHonors Gold Status. I received a room upgrade and access to the Executive Lounge which is located above the train station. The Lounge has an excellent selection of food and drinks.  Room and bed were comfortable and the front desk staff was courteous and helpful.  Paddington Station is connected to London’s Heathrow airport through Heathrow Express train service. You get off the train and walk right into the hotel.   ,Date of stay: February 2020,5.0
65,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or65-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Lunch at Hilton London Paddington,"We had a business meeting then lunch in the restaurant, we were lucky enough to be served by Johnson Alfonso with coffees (and by the way hot, tasty and better than many high street chains!).  We then moved into the restaurant and lucky for us Johnson was also serving us, so friendly and knowledgable - and genuine, not often you find that in London hotels.  Super lunch, super service - will go again!",Date of stay: January 2020,4.0
66,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or65-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Old hotel, great service at breakfast","Very cold in the room (19-20 degrees), they couldn’t fix it. Frank (the electrician) tried his best, even got a small heater, but still the heat did not work for 3 days.  10-15 mins to get to the reception, given the fact that the structure is like a maze. No slippers or laundry bag. Pretty old hotel. Too few elevators for the number of guests.  A plus would be the service at breakfast, especially Constantin Cenusa who went above and beyond for us. Also, good beds and pillows, as in all Hiltons. Otherwise, the location is good, access directly from the Paddington station. 20 mins walk to Marble Arch.",Date of stay: January 2020,3.0
67,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or65-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Not very nice,Very Basic hotel which is not a problem but a few big annoyances lead to my rating. 1. the booger on the bed sheet (pictured) 2. the gross soap (pictured) and no where by the bed to plug in anything...                    ,Date of stay: January 2020,2.0
68,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or65-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great Position- that’s it !,"No more that a great Position for this Hilton... really old, not really well maintained and below all expectations. Locked somewhere in the 70s and never back to the actual standards. Price & Quality doesn’t meet each other.",Date of stay: January 2020,3.0
69,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or65-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Seriously don’t bother with this hotel ,"This is my first and last stay at the hotel.  It was one of the worst I have ever experienced and quite frankly they should be ashamed charging over £200 for my room.   My room was big enough to have a double bed a table, bathroom and not much else.  It is not easy trying to walk around my room.  I put the heating on.  Didn’t work.  Called reception for beginner.  Took them an hour to get to my room.  Left heating on all night and despite setting temperature to 24 stayed at 20.3.  Never got any warmer.   Overnight I received two bills.  One for my room. Second one for room 514 addressed to another guest.  Try wrote the wrong room number on the envelop.  Despite the obvious error and they obviously never checked the invoices.  Guess what of coz they charged me as well.  I…",Date of stay: January 2020,1.0
70,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or70-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Perfect Location for Paddington Station Arrival or Departure!,"Obviously a perfect hotel if you are arriving by train or using the Heathrow Express.  I stayed in a very nice mini-suite on the second floor.  My four huge windows looked out on Praed Street but the soundproofing was excellent and I slept well.   Great restaurants in the neighborhood, with plenty of choices ranging from Italian to Greek to Lebanese to pub food.    Check-in person wasn't that all that warm,  welcoming or communicative but all was in order with my reservation.  Executive lounge looks out onto Paddington Station.  Lounge had ample basic food choices, but nothing creative, memorable or exciting.  Beer, wine and other alcoholic beverages were complimentary in the lounge.   Very comfortable beds.   Not sure that I will return though,  the Hilton Metropole up the…",Date of stay: January 2020,4.0
71,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or70-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great location for visitors,"Easy access from Heathrow airport to Paddington station  and the hotel but needs more signs on where to go from the Paddington express to the hotel. Rooms comfortable and quiet, great pillows but first morning I had a cold shower. Concierge rectified the problem and it wasn't repeated, than goodness.  There is no clock in the room. Staff are helpful. Very central location is this hotels greatest feature.",Date of stay: January 2020,4.0
72,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or70-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Excellent location when traveling by train.,Only stayed here one night but can’t beat the location if you’re heading out to LHR airport  it is a quick inside walk to Paddington Station to catch the Heathrow Express train. The room was clean and the bathroom a great size. Staff very accommodating. Restaurant was very busy at breakfast time but buffet easy to navigate quickly if you’re pressed for time.  ,Date of stay: January 2020,5.0
73,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or70-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,The bar is just horrible,"DISGUSTING TREATMENT HILTON!! Took a tble For 3, colleagues stuck in traffic and i was asked 3 times whether my party was coming in a 20 minutes timeframe.. ans repeatedly i told the server that they are stuck in traffic, what in earth should i do!!  Ans oh, i was still having wine myself the entire time!!!  I would never come back to the bar of hilton here!  Manager look over this, not okay!!!",Date of stay: January 2020,1.0
74,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or70-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Historic Hotel in great London Location,"I was able to check in early which was helped out alot. The front desk clerk upgraded my room to a GWR room. The room was beautiful with large bathroom (shower and tub). I had access to the executive lounge which was nice. They had hot breakfast items and usual continental breakfast items. The lounge also had coke, ginger ale, tonic water bottles as well as automatic coffee machine ( hot choc, mocha, cappuccino..etc) At night they had small bites and complementary alcohol (self serve bar). Access from London Heathrow is simple.. just take the 15 min ride on the Heathrow Express. The hotel is connected to the train station. This is a great starting point for your London adventure. Only complaint was that they closed the GWR executive lounge",Date of stay: December 2019,5.0
75,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or75-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Nice size rooms and very quiet,"You walk in the train station to the hotel entrance by Starbucks. This is a remodeled hotel (i.e. wasn't built as a Hilton), but it lives up to the Hilton name. The rooms were spotless, they had comfortable beds, decent TV, and rooms were super quiet. I could see the station outside my window and didn’t hear a thing. Always a taxi outside, or you are at the underground entrance as well. Staff super nice and helpful, and breakfast was good but always pretty crowded. If you have access: The Executive lounge was large enough not to be filled, and had okay snacks.Elevators a bit slow but 1 of the 3 was being repaired. Nice convenient stairway, so I took that instead.   A little far from the shopping districts but close to Hyde Park for nice walks. I’d stay there again.",Date of stay: December 2019,5.0
76,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or75-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Good and just ok,"Great thing about this Hotel is that you come off the train and within 5 min your in the Hotel reception. Interior nice and clean, Hotel staff, friendly and very helpful. As a wheelchair user I had booked an accessible room, must say I was not disappointed, loads of space in both the room and bathroom, real comfy bed, decent tv. Ok parts, problems with the elevators, at one time only one working, so a long wait to get to ground floor, cooked breakfast was was not as good as expected, hash browns frazzled, eggs hard, beans cold, yet day two was much improved, but should be on all days. One disappointment was wheelchair access to the front of the Hotel, potable ramp only on steep steps, not good. Apart from these points, it is a good hotel with good access to main parts of London,…",Date of stay: December 2019,4.0
77,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or75-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Hotel connected to Paddinton Heathrow Express Station,"Spacious hotel room and entrance to station connected to hotel with very few steps involved.  The biggest draw to the Hilton Paddington is that it located at the very front of where you board to Heathrow express to the airport.  I had been travelling over the last 2 weeks through Paris and London and after many days of shopping, I had extra pieces of luggage to bring home. Many of the rooms in Europe are quite small and I chose this hotel because the room had a chair, desk and luggage rack space to spread out a bit.     The concierge was nice and helped me with the purchase of a ticket directly at his stand, saving me the time and trouble of locating a kiosk inside the station.  A great benefit too is that in front of the hotel is the Paddington tube station, with connections to…",Date of stay: January 2020,5.0
78,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or75-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great location!,"Close to the underground and the Heathrow Express a large hotel with quiet and spacious rooms I enjoyed the comforts of home where I could soak in the tub, stay warm indoors and get to my destinations of choice in London",Date of stay: January 2020,4.0
79,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or75-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Highs and Lows,"One way to make a bad first impression: when you arrive with your father who uses a wheelchair to discover that the hotel's wheelchair lift is out of order, and the three guys ""helping"" stand around and watch your elderly mother try to push him up a ramp that is WAY too steep.  Second way to make a bad impression. After you bring all of your own bags in from the car while said porters stand around, a porter appears to bring a luggage cart over and stacs 5 bags on it.  When room is secured, send up elderly parents with porters while you park the car (which is actually at the Hilton Metropole, a hike up the road).  Send 6yo with 15 pounds to tip porters with parents.  When you enter lobby, be confronted by porter saying that he took your bags to your room, hinting for a tip, that…",Date of stay: January 2020,3.0
80,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or80-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Very very good ..,"Love this hotel as we regularly take the France train and always stop here overnight both ways. The Exec lounge is amazing with a simple but good breakfast and great drinks and snacks in the evening .. we are Diamond Members which is always recognised. Visited many Hiltons in North America where the Exec Lounges are either none existent or awful and never is comp alcohol available so I am sure our American friends will love the Exec Lounge in this place .. great stay, thank you...",Date of stay: January 2020,5.0
81,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or80-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Coasting slowly downhill on location and points-hungry guests,"The carpeting, decor and cleanliness have seen better years. The alarm clock is a charger for an iPod with that wide plug that Apple stopped using in 2012!  I booked 2 rooms side-by-side for my family.  One was so tiny it had no chair or suitcase holder at base of bed (but a big vanity sink)--the room next door had a chair, but bath was so tiny we had to hang toiletries from the towel rail.  NO indication anywhere that these identical classes and locations were so different!    Funny/not funny story: when clearing out the room safe on departure, I found an iPad mini in the safe. It lit up as ""lost, call this Number.""  Not trusting anyone to pack and return it, I brought it back to US and called the number.  The owner had stayed there 3 weeks earlier!  He had called the hotel and…",Date of stay: December 2019,3.0
82,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or80-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great hotel with fantastic location,"In London for a couple of days with family. Drop off cases on arrival and on into town. No lugging baggage across the city. Same on way back. Check out, leave cases all day and collect for evening train. Rooms great four family of four. Breakfast good value for money ",Date of stay: January 2020,5.0
83,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or80-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Big Rooms but Poor Hygene," Hotel generally looks very dated with “tired” decor. Carpets in the rooms are making air quality in the room unbearable. Rooms seemed very dirty and dusty. Since it is generally difficult to maintain hygene when there is wall to wall carpet in the rooms, our alergies got worse. Rooms are cold and the heating system was set to a max degree of 24. After check out, even though, i informed them that o did not use any minibar items,  i was charged for extras which i did not consume.  Overall it was an expensive hotel for what you get and dont recommend anyone unless you have no other alternative. ",Date of stay: December 2019,3.0
84,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or80-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Very poor for a Hilton,"This is by far and away the worst Hilton in the chain.  It is at best a transit hotel.  The rooms are tired and the management attitude very poor.  Breakfast is chaotic and just cleared up without warning.  Unless you need to stay at Paddington Station and the other hotels nearby are full, it is best avoided. ",Date of stay: December 2019,2.0
85,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or85-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,The place was OK,"The location was very convenient due to the Heathrow Express terminating at Paddington Station and that you can walk indoors into the hotel. There was a weird snafu with either the Hilton reservation system or with the hotel in that they had my booking dates incorrect.  However, the hotel resolved this relatively quickly.  The lounge is excellent and stocked with food and drink and was staffed with very nice people. Very welcoming after a long day of sightseeing. The breakfast was excellent.  Great choices and very tasty with great service.  The rooms were nice and large and the beds were comfortable. The toilets don’t flush reliably though and the sinks don’t reliably drain. Elevators are always down.  So my impressions are mixed and for good reason. Not sure if I would stay…",Date of stay: January 2020,4.0
86,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or85-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Old and Bad,I've stayed at this hotel on countless occasusions for business primarly due to its proximity to Paddgington and my office. My last visit in December will be my last.   All but one elevator worked so you either had to wait 15 min to get on the one fuctioning elevator or carry your bags up the stairs. Check-in took forever with no guidance or help about the elevators.  The rooms are dated with weathered carpet and a bathtub shower. My room smelled like smoke. This hotel is straight out of 70's. I love Hilton hotels and stay at many across the world. Sadly this isn't a good one and there are far better choices in London for the money.,Date of stay: December 2019,2.0
87,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or85-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Awful,"Awful customer service , unclean rooms and noise levels never experienced. Closing bars because of low volume and penalizing guests that had paid to stay with the amenities promised . Zero value for money find somewhere else!!",Date of stay: December 2019,1.0
88,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or85-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great concierge!,"First of all, I would like to say thanks to the staff of concierge desk. Their service started prior to arriving at the hotel. I asked them how to enjoy staying in London on 25th Dec by E-mail before my departure, and they gave me some advice and proposed some optional tours. Then, they arranged one of the tours for me. Much appreciated for the quick response.  The hotel is directly connected to Paddington station, very convenient to use either Tube or Bus. As everyone said, it is very accessible from Heathrow airport, but it takes less than an hour from even Gatwick airport via Victoria station. There are some restaurants and shops opening in spite of Christmas season around there. Equipment looks a little older, but my room was spacious enough for even a party of three and so…",Date of stay: December 2019,4.0
89,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or85-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Only good thing about this hotel is it’s proximity to Paddington station ,"I stayed at this hotel a few years ago and was not keen to come back after a bad experience. However, I needed a hotel close to Paddington for convenience and I’m a Hilton member.  Sadly my stay this time was no better. Once again, I waited a long time to check in and despite having already checked in online and pre-paid my room in advance, the check in process seemed unnecessarily lengthy, and not particularly courteous or friendly.  My room was clean, but smelled of old cheese. A quick look in the mini bar fridge confirmed that someone had left a half eaten and open packet of cheese in the fridge which no one had bothered to clean out. It was also freezing in the room, and no amount of fiddling with the temperature controls seemed to fix this. The shower was barely a trickle,…",Date of stay: January 2020,2.0
90,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or90-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Aged like a fine wine,"It’s an old construction but they’ve managed to maintain the luxurious Hilton experience and prestige. The rooms are well cleaned , they offer a rich breakfast and the stuff projects hospitality.I recommend it for sure!",Date of stay: December 2019,4.0
91,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or90-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Tired and in need of refurb,The carpets were held together with warning tape in many areas. There were holes in the floor you sink into in others. The service was just okay... Efficient but not exactly friendly. The rooms were small but that's usual for London. Overall very poor value for money and a real disappointment.,Date of stay: December 2019,1.0
92,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or90-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Old hotel with good breakfast and location,"The hotel is on an excellent location, but it is old and outdated.  some pieces of furniture in the room were dirty/old.  The breakfast was excellent.  If you don't mind staying in an dated/old bedroom with a good bed, and good breakfast and will not spend much time in the hotel anyways this place is ok and it has a perfect location.",Date of stay: December 2019,2.0
93,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or90-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Not good management,Lack of attention to detail. Management asleep on the job. Good location. I would not stay here in the future. We were charged 90 Euro for taxi to airport on Christmas. Seems very high and did not receive HH points. ,Date of stay: December 2019,2.0
94,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or90-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Old hotel needing a remodel,"Very old hotel needing a top to bottom makeover. It has a good location going for it - right next to Paddington station. Also right next to Edgeware Road - a hub for middle eastern stores and restaurants.  Please also not to be confused with Hilton Metropole which is just a 5 min walk away.  I did not stay at the Metropole but attended a conference there.  Seemed slightly better aging wise, but I probably wouldn't stay at either.",Date of stay: December 2019,2.0
95,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or95-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great location right near Paddington Railway Station,"We stayed here for just one night.  Our room was quite spacious and the bathroom worked well - lovely big hot shower.  We had a few drinks in the two bars - friendly helpful staff.  The concierge was helpful and we stored our bags before taking our afternoon train from Paddington.  We walked to Hyde Park, Buckingham Palace and Westminster Abbey.  Yes, there was one lift out of service which caused a slight inconvenience but would still stay here again.",Date of stay: November 2019,4.0
96,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or95-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Going Down Hill and Fast,"Posted on this Hilton hotel a couple years ago providing great compliments.  Now here are the updates:  Still Great:  Location - very good location to get to airport and have access to the Tube.  Easy walks to Hyde Park and near by Marble Arch.  Executive Lounge:  With the glass window looking into the station, visit if you can. Breakfast is good, drinks in the evening.  Only issue was daytime coffee machine access....told it was not working...but worked great every morning.  Downhill:  Rooms and Hallways:  Rooms are small and dingy at best.  Halls and rooms need new carpet. On way to and from room there were many holes in the floor that were covered by the carpet - with only the carpet keeping you from falling down.  Elevators:  if on 1 2 or 3rd floors do. Or bother waiting for…",Date of stay: December 2019,2.0
97,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or95-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Bad choice,"I stayed with Hilton Paddington for a week during my Christmas holiday in the UK. The overall experience was terrible.   First, the amenities in the hotel are terribly outdated. Only one elevator worked, and by the word ""work"" is an overstatement. It does do the job but you would have to wait about 5 minutes for it to travel between the ground floor and the top floor. I stayed at level 3, so most time I just chose to walk to save my time.   In the hotel, there were big holes on the floor covered by yellow tape. It surprised me to see how a brand such as Hilton could not fix the holes on the floor.  In the room, shower was not good at all. Water was either too hot or too cold. I did not enjoy even a single shower while staying here.   In terms of gym equipment, from the…",Date of stay: December 2019,2.0
98,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or95-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Good central London location for Heathrow connectivity ,"Had a last minute stay at Hilton when I had to extend my stay in London by a few days and the hotel I was at was unavailable, so we switched to Hilton Paddington. Good location in central London for connecting to Heathrow via Heathrow express. Room was decent size with nice high ceilings. Good executive lounge for breakfast as well as evening drinks & hors d'oeuvres. Helpful concierges. No street noise. And they gave a late checkout till 4.00pm.   But many niggles as well - one of the three elevators was broken for all three days, and it was almost impossible to get space in an elevator during morning or evening hours  I always ended up taking the stairs. Water always started out ice-cold in the faucet and shower even if I had just shut it 10 seconds ago. Only 1 side of the bed…",Date of stay: July 2017,3.0
99,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or95-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Disappointing stay as a long-time hilton honors member,"As a long-time hilton honors and a current Diamond hilton honors member, I was very disappointed at my most recent stay at this hotel.  As reported by other travelers, the elevators were quirky and stopped randomly and would move until a minute or two of a delay.   This was much more of an annoyance.  I had two rooms booked.  On the day of arrival, my wife was disturbed even though a “Do Not Disturb” placard was hanging on the door.  The hotel staff wanted to fix a damaged shower curtain that was not reported by us.  The truly disappointing experience had to deal with the very warm room.  After the first night, I reported the situation to the front desk for help, but unsure even if was looked into, but I was too tired to switched rooms when I returned back to the warm room. …",Date of stay: December 2019,2.0
100,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or100-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,A happy accident,"Having check-in issues' with my Airbnb, I made a last minute reservation with Hilton Paddington through their app.   Despite the short notice, they found a room that met my needs (i.e. quiet) & organised a voucher for buffet breakfast the next day.   Although I only stayed the night, Hilton Paddington made a good impression on me & I'd be happy to return.",Date of stay: December 2019,4.0
101,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or100-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Better than average accommodations.  Poor to non-existent guest relations, reception and room service","When I entered my appointed room, it was very pleased to receive a beautiful, spacious upgrade with a king size bed.  The room was cold and I attempted to elevate the temperature.  It displayed the maximum setting at 24 degrees C.  The room temperature displayed 18 degrees.  I figured by the time I returned from dinner, the room temperature would be approaching the 24 degree mark.  No such luck.  It still was 18 degrees (that is approximate 66 degrees F). I called housekeeping who told me to call maintenace who told me that on their computer in the maintenance office, I was registering 22 degrees C.  I said I didn’t care what their computers said.  It was darn cold in the room.  They eventually supplied me a space heater.  Their so called engineer couldn’t fix the problem.  So…",Date of stay: December 2019,2.0
102,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or100-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Pricey and quite convoluted ,"Stayed on a reasonably busy Saturday night. Check in was slightly problematic with some overcharging. Booked via the Hilton app. Room was on the 6th floor of the GWR tower. First off a lift to floor two, then a maze of corridors to track down another lift for access to floor six. The room was great, spacious and modern. Noise was not an issue. Had breakfast in the morning with quite simplistic. Would probably stay at the Hilton Kensington next time.",Date of stay: December 2019,4.0
103,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or100-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,A beautiful gem of a hotel ,"This is my second stay here and once again it has been a lovely experience. The hotel is beautiful and graceful, with comfortable clean rooms. The staff are friendly and helpful. The lobby is beautifully decorated for Christmas. And of course, the location is perfect for everything you would want to do in London. I’m coming back again later this month. This is my go-to home-away-from-home when I’m in London. ",Date of stay: December 2019,5.0
104,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or100-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,treated like second class citizens,"We went in for a mid morning breakfast as we were early for our train to Cornwall. We were greeted pleasantly but had to wait a while for service. We were not eligible for the main dining area as we were not going for the £21 full breakfast. We settled on a 'brunch ' option of avocados, fried eggs and waffles which was on the main 'brunch' menu.We waited some time only to be told there were no waffles !! This came as some surprise as this is the Hilton Paddington and it was a main menu item ! We were told the chef could supply a nice brioche bread in place of the waffles. We accepted this and waited again.To our amazement we were served with two bits of white toast and given no explanation. By then we had lost the will to live and would have missed our train so we just put up…",Date of stay: December 2019,1.0
105,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or105-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Awful!,"We arrived at the hotel at 20.45 after a tiring day and travelling only to be told our room was not ready, we had to wait around for 30-40 minutes for the room to be available. This obviously distressed us and put our plans for the evening out. So we decided to eat in the restaurant of the hotel, my partners meal was fine but I had a standard meal of battered cod with chips, the cod was extremely smelly and at the point of being ""off"", my son is a top chef and he said cod has a fairly long shelf life and should no way smell, well this one did, the waiter removed from the bill but again not a good experience. By this time we both decided to just go to the bar and relax with a drink, unlucky again! the bar was closed and this was before midnight on a Friday night, so ok we thought…",Date of stay: December 2019,1.0
106,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or105-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Convenient for station and Heathrow express,Pretty nice hotel and very very good room size for London. Very convenient for Heathrow Express and so Heathrow. Breakfast was good and staff were polite and welcoming. It's an old building but well maintained and warm in such cold weather.,Date of stay: December 2019,4.0
107,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or105-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Some good, some not so good","Firstly the good points - mainly location and convenience if using Paddington station, with direct access from the concourse.  We were early checking in and our room was not ready (fair enough as it was only just after 11am). The reception staff were efficient rather than friendly, but the guys at the concierge desk were lovely. We returned to the hotel around 4pm and room still not ready, but they moved things around and we were allocated a room on 3rd floor overlooking side street.  The room was a decent size with a pleasant bathroom, everything clean, and it was quiet. No complaints. For the duration of our stay there was only one of the three elevators working - it’s a very big hotel and this seemed unacceptable. People with luggage were having to wait 10-15 mins for a lift!…",Date of stay: December 2019,3.0
108,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or105-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Lifts malfunctioning... again,"I have a slightly negative review last time in August due to the hotel only having two of the lifts functioning... coming back a few months later in December, imagine my surprise to see only one life was functioning. For a hotel of this size, this is just not acceptable and amounted to a lot of delays. Also, exposed wires on the second floor lift could easily pose a safety hazard for little kids that don’t know any better.   The room was great, don’t get me wrong. The location is also great with lots of restaurants and convenient access to transport and heathrow. And the executive lounge is perfect for the hotel (was even able to use the shower on arrival since my room was not available). Had it not been for the broken lifts, this would’ve been a 5 star review.  Please fix the…",Date of stay: December 2019,2.0
109,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or105-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Historic Hilton in Paddington,"Hilton does so much right w/ its historic property in Paddington--linked by escalator and pedestrian bridge to Paddington Station--that it's hard to figure why they don't go all the way and make this hotel great. I sprung for a Tower Room--extra money--and it was nice, but not special. Beautiful bed linens, thick towels, spacious bathroom, reasonably good lighting (you can actually read in bed!), but in the room they provide the lowest-imaginable quality coffee and tea. Maybe they figure you'll go down to the Starbucks immediately outside the door that leads to Paddington station. A nice touch: a porte-cochère at the hotel entrance so that you can be driven to the front door.",Date of stay: December 2019,4.0
110,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or110-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Old hotel counting on the Hilton brand,"Always something broken at this old hotel. Stayed here 3 times and there is always a problem, staff try their best but can’t deal with broken lifts, aircon, heating, etc etc etc . The only benefit of this hotel is how close it it is to paddington station.",Date of stay: December 2019,2.0
111,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or110-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Location offsets annoyances with shower,"This should have been a perfect corporate meeting location in London. One can fly in and take the Heathrow Paddington express to & fro, doing the commute in under 20m . The rooms were adequate with the usual amenities. The one issue was that on day 2 of my stay there was no hot water and I had to take a brief, tortured shower in nearly freezing water. Other colleagues too had similar experiences. It certainly did dampen my enthusiasm for the property.",Date of stay: December 2019,4.0
112,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or110-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Better than most with lovely staff ,I like this hotel. It’s not exceptional or unique enough to warrant 5 stars. But it’s a lovely old building with nice rooms and good staff.  Food in the restaurant is better than I expected and vegetarian & vegan options were inventive and tasty.  Breakfast was also good. It’s also a lot cheaper than worse hotels that are just a mile or two closer to central london. ,Date of stay: December 2019,4.0
113,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or110-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Spent last night here due to travel chaos at Paddington.,"The station was at standstill Thurs due to a track suicide so I checked into this hotel as the thought of hours on a cold concourse was not tempting. I was irritated at having to produce ID. British people don't usually carry their passports on them! Luckily I had my 17 yo daughters provisional driving licence on me. They don't accept Apple pay either! Anyway finally in our room it was roomy & clean & the beds very comfortable. The bathroom needed an update. The decor and general feel of the lobby was an upmarket airport hotel. Full of business men. Your reception team need to smile. Having spent the night before in Hotel du Vin, Wimbledon...the contrast was huge. This hotel does have a brilliant location however. Early in the morning we just rolled out the door & onto our train.",Date of stay: December 2019,3.0
114,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or110-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Excellent Location,"After having a panic attack at the hotel we originally booked, we called in around 10pm to see if they had free rooms. The staff was very friendly and we were able to book a room. The concierge made to reservations to dine out for us and the staff was all round very helpful. The hotel was beautifully decorated for the season! The breakfast buffet was great. Unfortunately the wifi was not included but otherwise there was no problems. The hotel is located just by Paddington, which is great to catch the Heathrow Express. There are also numerous busses just in front of the hotel and an underground station.",Date of stay: December 2019,5.0
115,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or120-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Worn Hotel due to heavy foot traffic,Well worn-out hotel as you can expect from a hotel with heavy traffic directly at the Healthrow Express city terminal. There always seems to be construction going on around this area so the main road entrance to the hotel was blocked by a large crane. The hotel should mention construction in the area but does not. There was a broken elevator apparently for quite some time and the other two elevators were extremely slow so consider not getting a room not on level 6. Room tip room 635 area was quiet but the view was blocked on that side. Beware of the hospital side and road traffic side as you might hear ambulances throughout the day and night. Cardless Keyless entry via Hilton app did not work. Check in and out needs more receptionist as a bit slow. Fast 50+Mbps wifi in the room.…,Date of stay: December 2019,3.0
116,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or120-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Location for Train connections,"Nice Hilton property - literally steps outside Paddington Station.  Trains and Metro stop.  Lots of small restaurants around the neighborhood.  Close to Hyde Park.  The room was for one, but interesting they have rooms with two single beds - why?  Otherwise everything was clean and nice.",Date of stay: December 2019,4.0
117,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or120-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Fabulous,"Beautiful hotel. Staff were lovely & kind. Barman was very friendly. Room was beautiful, and very clean. Such a beaut of a hotel Only thing I would want to change is to make the selection of hot breakfast food in the executive lounge bigger. Other than that it was fantastic. Would def recommend",Date of stay: November 2019,5.0
118,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or120-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Paddington,"The overall service was excellent, the room we had, can't comment on others, was a bit dated but quiet and adequate. There was major roadworks, to do with Crossrail, outside the hotel which Hilton had no control over. Would we come back? Yes.",Date of stay: November 2019,4.0
119,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or120-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Company Conference,My company usednthisnvenue field a customer Congress  120 delegates in total. The hotel were excellent the staff so supportive and understanding made it a pleasure  the food they served was excellent and of a high standard Great location at Paddington  would highly recommsnd,Date of stay: November 2019,5.0
120,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or125-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Great location, older hotel, nice staff","This is a classic older hotel with a range of room sizes and decor, but delivers a nice mix of location, comfort, service and convenience.  Paddington area is busy but the access to the trains and heathrow express and tube are fabulous.  Only enjoyed event food there but it was of a high standard and the staff are excellent in all areas.   ",Date of stay: November 2019,4.0
121,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or125-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Better service than facilities,"People who we interacted with during our visit were very friendly and attentive, especially Tiago in the breakfast restaurant, thank you Tiago.  The location was extremely convenient but the condition in which we found the hotel ewas not. Elevators were not functioning except for 1 in such a large hotel and it felt old... big opportunity for improvement in infrastructure.",Date of stay: November 2019,3.0
122,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or125-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"I would never be going back to that hotel, end of.","I mean where to start. They literally would not make any effort whatsoever for the customers.  Asked them for maybe a room with a good view of london as it is a treat for my little sister and I get this room with the tiniest window with the ugliest vue outside. Okay fair enough it was a request and they do not have to provide you with a good view.  Then the TV does not work, i call reception twice but no answer. So now instead of relaxing, i am pulling this heavy furniture to try and fix the cables but in vain. Then the shower does not have enough water pressure and my sister is not able to enjoy her shower as water temperature is fluctuating and there's not enough water coming from the shower head.  We were two people in the room and not enough shower as there was only 1 tiny…",Date of stay: November 2019,1.0
123,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or125-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Clean, very quiet and comfortable room, right over Paddington station","The room I had was facing inwards, which made the room extremely quiet. No road noise at all, and I am very sensitive to that. Clean room, plenty of space and very comfortable. Decor slightly dated, but in extremely good condition. Very nice executive lounge overlooking the station. Not well signposted from the station, go to the first level in the eating area and look for the hidden door. Docked one star as one of the lifts was not working (seems to be a recurring theme here!) Very expensive, but a significantly better condition property than the Hilton Metropole just down the street. I would much prefer to stay here, given the choice.",Date of stay: November 2019,4.0
124,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or125-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Overnight stay ,"Been before. Decor starting to look a bit old and dated. As in other reviews lifts not all working. Complex to find stairs. One staff member said stairs not for use (?!) Room reasonable size but mine looked onto a net covered back area looking onto a messy office.  Not enough light switches that control all the lights, had to manually go round and switch them off. Nice big TV, reasonable number of channels.  Wallpaper torn around free standing bedside tables.  Pillows a little thin / squishy. Furniture old style and dated walnut wood style. Bathroom clean but similarly dated and old fashioned. Shower worked well, hot and good power. Towels a bit thin.  No USB points and no handy free sockets at the bedside tables. Alarm /ipod dock is the old 3/4 generation fitting.  Tried to go…",Date of stay: November 2019,3.0
125,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or130-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Wonderful Hotel at Paddington Station,I really enjoyed my stay at this extremely convenient Hilton. The front office staff was wonderful and I was pleasantly surprised that the room was quite large by London standards. The room was well appointed with numerous electrical outlets which made it convenient for business purposes. I plan on staying here again when I next return to London.,Date of stay: November 2019,5.0
126,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or130-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Wonderful Hotel at Paddington Station,I really enjoyed my stay at this extremely convenient Hilton. The front office staff was wonderful and I was pleasantly surprised that the room was quite large by London standards. The room was well appointed with numerous electrical outlets which made it convenient for business purposes. I plan on staying here again when I next return to London.,Date of stay: November 2019,5.0
127,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or130-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,It is the little things...,"...that took away from a pleasant stay.  Breakfast selections were limited and not included in the room rate.  Nor was bottled water in the room, unless you have a Hilton silver or higher status...for a hotel that looks great and appears well kept, I was surprised at what I would consider not inclusive of the small things that make a stay comforting/inviting.",Date of stay: November 2019,3.0
128,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or130-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,MAGIC MOMENTS,"All perfect, magic moments in London to the Hilton Hotel of Paddington. A Special Thanks to Costantin  for your avaiability and professionalism. When you work with love, this is the result.   Greetings from Antonio De Luca ",Date of stay: November 2019,5.0
129,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or130-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great Location but Dated Hotel,"The location of this hotel is perfect if you need easy access to Heathrow Airport since it's connected to Paddington station.  It's good for catching an early morning flight and not having to stay at the airport hotels.  Aside from the location, the hotel is nice, but it's a bit dated.  The check in area was a bit small for the size of the hotel, although I didn't wait long to check in or out.  I didn't really explore the hotel that much, but it did seem to have a bar and restaurant connected.  The room was nice.  Fortunately the pillows were full-size, unlike most of the other Hilton hotels.  The lighting in the room was really bad, and it was very dim.  It was nice at times, but when I was packing I wanted to make sure I had everything.  The shower was nice, but the towels…",Date of stay: November 2019,3.0
130,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or135-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Needs Maintenance ,"I stayed at this hotel based on the convenient location to Paddington Station.  From the airport it is just 15 mins away by Heathrow Express.  There are many shops, restaurants and cafes in the train station.    The hotel is dated and in need of maintenance.  One day it was raining and I came back to my room to find the carpet was wet and they had placed a big fan in my room.  I assume the window was leaking but they never said what the issue was.    There are only three elevators and most of my stay they weren’t working.  After waiting for about 5 mins, I called the front desk and they told me they would send someone but I ended up walking down the steps.    This hotel is not up to the standard I expect from Hilton.  I gave it three stars based on convenience.",Date of stay: October 2019,3.0
131,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or135-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Convenient location for travel,"Stayed at this hotel the night before an early departure to Heathrow.  The convenience of this hotel to Paddington Station / Heathrow Express makes it worthwhile.  In addition, it is a nice hotel with two bars, a very nice lobby and as a Hilton Diamond member I received an upgrade.  I would definitely recommend staying here when your plans include an early flight out of LHR.  Its a bit out of the way from a lot of the tourist attractions but with the extensive tube network that is a minor inconvenience.",Date of stay: November 2019,4.0
132,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or135-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Very Disappointing Hotel!,"First of all..the locationis at the Paddington Hotel..so full marks for that...but thats about all this hotel can offer. The hotel is dated and most definitely needs an upgrade from the lobby to the 3 elevators that 2 out of 3 donot work! Imagine dreading to go down or go up duriung a 5 night stay ...becus each time you want to use the elevator you will have a 20 minute wait!!!!  I got late 2 times for my morning meetings becuase the elevators donot work...having 1 functional elevator for 700 rooms! do the math!  the rooms are dated and the bathrooms are beyond disappointing!!  Old, tiny , congested and with no water pressure..even after my multiple complaints nothing got fixed. Not to mention, I almost missed my airport taxi, because the wake up call never happned!!  Sums it…",Date of stay: November 2019,2.0
133,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or135-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great Stay,"I stayed here for two nights. I primarily chose this hotel because of its location and because my credit card has a promotion running along with the Hilton. As a gold member, I received an upgrade on the room that I picked which was very nice. The staff were very friendly, and the breakfast was great. The only issues I had with the hotel was when I reached I feel the bed was funny but it was actually comfortable to use and I had a really good sleep the first night I was there. The other issue I had was the lift which I think a lot of people have said in their reviews, at the moment that I was visiting the hotel only had one lift running which was slow and because it is the weekend it was busy, but they are working on this so should be fixed soon I hope.",Date of stay: November 2019,5.0
134,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or135-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Location location location,"I have lived several years in London... the location is perfect because it is easy to get almost anywhere including to and from the airport. The hotel though is VERY VERY tired. Really horrible carpet, old decor, broken tiles in the bathroom, old windows, heating not optimal. My room was very large which is usually not the case in London.... it is expensive but I will likely come back because of the location.",Date of stay: October 2019,3.0
135,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or140-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Customer Service,I ate breakfast in the Hilton Paddington hotel. My server was Tiago an he provided excellent customer service. Tiago was very efficient and helpful by explaining the breakfast options for vegetarians. I recommend Tiago as your server if you dine during breakfast.,Date of stay: November 2019,5.0
136,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or140-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Excellent Service!,"The staff at the Hilton Paddington was Excellent!  The bellman, reception check-in staff, room service and restaurant staff was Outstanding!  Tiago in the restaurant was Exceptional!  He was warm, friendly and very customer service focused.  He was phenomenal and made this a wonderful experience.  Thank you!",Date of stay: November 2019,5.0
137,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or140-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Prime location, fabulous concierge, but that’s all","I recently spend a night at this hotel as I have a flight to Heathrow.  The hotel is located right next to the Paddington station and connected via a covered walkway. It is just 5 mins walk to the Heathrow express. This makes it the prime location for those that needs to connect to the Heathrow express.  I arrived at around 1pm that day. Normal checkin time is 3pm. Being a Hilton Honors gold member, I was hoping for a room upgrade. But unless I wait for who knows how long, it might or might not be available. So I decided to just check into the room I booked.  I was particularly impressed by the concierge staff. One of their staff saw me struggling with my luggage at the door to their hotel and went out of their way to help me even I did not really requested it. They also helped…",Date of stay: November 2019,3.0
138,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or140-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,A hotel is MORE than a building...,"The check-in took longer than I would expect - was a bit weird that at 15:15 there was only one person working on the reception. A couple of minutes later another 2 people turned up not really worried that there were now about 10 of us waiting to checkin - some after long flights. The breakfast was ok - not good enough to call ""good"" - definitely not worth 15 quid cos the eggs weren't even made to order! And then the whole thing was ruined cos the Hilton seems unable to repay the 30 pound pre-authorisation - and could not present me with the proof that they had done this. Calling the hotel was less than useless. All in all I have to say despite the hotel having a GREAT location, the rooms being not bad for London and the rest of the building being quite nice - everything else …",Date of stay: October 2019,2.0
139,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or140-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Hotel with art deco charm.,"I have to say I was very impressed by the excellent customer service the front desk had provided to me , my wife and our niece. We flew in from LA on a dreary wet London evening and were pleasantly greeted by the receptionist  at the front desk. The hotel is a bit dated but had that 1960’s charm with all the mod cons ( Jam fan here) which I loved. Beds were very comfortable. I would also like to add that I stayed here previously 10 years ago and was equally impressed by their service. The hotel staff was very accommodating to me and my family. We had a Queen suite  with an adjacent private room which had its own toilet and shower for our niece. She was so happy to have her own room.  The room also included access to the lounge which was well appointed with the usual treats for…",Date of stay: May 2019,5.0
140,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or145-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Fix the elevators!,"I have stayed here a few times/yr for the last few years. It might just be my luck (I doubt it), but there has only been one of the three elevators operable. Usually not a problem, but during busy times , one can wait for seemingly 10 minutes. OK, rant over.  Very comfortable and quiet with direct access to Paddington Station - so very convenient if you are arriving or leaving from Heathrow on a long trip.  One last peeve as a business traveler... we all now use our phones as our alarm clocks. Most hotels now offer USB charging ports at the bedside, either in the lamp base, or a separate unit. This would be very helpful. ",Date of stay: November 2019,4.0
141,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or145-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Perfect location for London and Heathrow but needs a refurb,The hotel is in a perfect location for travelling from the west country on GWR trains and for flights to and from Heathrow.  It has all what you would expect from a Hilton however it is in dire need if a refurb. You,Date of stay: October 2019,3.0
142,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or145-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,My favourite in London,"Yes it is convenient for Heathrow and Paddington station so that is why I chose to stay so many years ago. But there are other hotels in the area and if the hotel wasn't good I would look elsewhere. So I stay usually twice a year on my trips from Australia to the UK. So this year, 2 stays totalling 4 nights in October and I didnt see anything as bad as one reviewer has put. I book an Executive room (and I prefer not to stay in the Tower as its quite a trek, is not step free if you don't need luggage help, and the lounge is less interesting, but I know others who would only stay in the Tower). My room was very comfortable and spacious. Clean and bright. Tea making facilities. In the main hotel, you can breakfast in the lounge overlooking the station, the rooms are really nice and…",Date of stay: October 2019,5.0
143,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or145-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Hilton Paddington not special,"hitel was tired, poor in quality of lounge foods and room decor. Elevators ,only 1was working, staff complained has not been repaired for months. Pleasant staff good location, but overpriced. Staf was helpful when asked , but needs too be remind ed daily as notes went unread. Needs a facelift.",Date of stay: November 2019,2.0
144,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or145-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Best Lodging Choice  at Paddington Station,"Return visit to this hotel.  Overall nice hotel with a convenient location at Paddington Station.  Staff seemed more courteous than last visit although still no recognition for Hilton Honors status, but I did appreciate an early check-in.  With nice comfortable rooms...it's still the best lodging choice in the Paddington area.",Date of stay: October 2019,4.0
145,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or150-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Large Room, Excellent Service","Great location, if you are coming in by Heathrow Express.  The hotel has an entrance directly from the station.   When we were leaving, one the staff helped us with our bags, all the way to the train.  The room was large compared to a lot of places in London.  The decorations were modern and comfortable for us.   We liked that they provided American style washcloths.     Considering it is right next to the train station, we expected more noise.  But it was very quiet.   Lots of local restaurants to dine at when you arrive late.",Date of stay: October 2019,5.0
146,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or150-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Sent to The Tower,"Once again my son London invited us for a long weekend in London. He booked us into this hotel and we really did not want to leave. From  access to the hotel, the reception, the restaurant, the top hatted gentleman who obtained taxis for us and the room itself all contributed to an excellent stay. The advantage if you are coming into the station by train is that the hotel entrance is minutes from the end of the platform.  There was a wide choice of gluten free food in the restaurant where we were greeted by Ildiko and had the personal attention of Luisito. Both were an asset to the restaurant staff. I mentioned The Tower. No not the Tower of London, but The Tower suite of rooms. Furnished in Art Deco style chairs, desks, sofa and lighting it definitely was a touch of luxury. We…",Date of stay: October 2019,5.0
147,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or150-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,最悪のホテル,初めてのヨーロッパ旅行で、フランスののオペラ座、ベルギーのグランプラス、そしてパディントンのヒルトンに宿泊しました。フランスとベルギーのスタッフはとても親切でしたし、お部屋も綺麗でとても素敵な時間を過ごすことができました。一方、パディントンのヒルトンは最悪でした。  まず、デジタルキーの申請をしていったにも関わらず、使用することができませんでした。アプリでBluetoothをオンにして下さいとエラーメッセージが表示されました。もちろん、Bluetoothをオンにしていましたし、アプリやiPhone本体の再起動を試しても改善されませんでした。受付の女性にアプリを提示し、その旨を伝えたところ、It's strange.と言われ、デジタルキーを使用できるようにしてくれるような素振りは一切なく、通常のカードキーを渡されました。そのカードキーを持って部屋に戻ったところ使用することができませんでした。また受付に戻って相談したところ、面倒くさそうな顔をしながら、新しいカードキーを渡してくれました。３度目でやっと部屋に入ることができました。  そして、滞在１日目の夜、シャワーを浴びようとしてお湯の温度を３８℃に設定しました。しかし、出てきたのは５０℃近くありそうな高温のお湯で、私は口の周りを火傷しました。温度設定のノブを見てみると３８℃以上に設定する場合にはボタンを押しながらでないとノブが回らないはずであるのに、何も押さずともノブはくるくると回転しました。 また受付に行くと同じ女性が対応して下さいました。お風呂の調子が悪いのでノブの状態を動画で撮影したものを見せ、グレードが下がっても構わないので部屋を変えて欲しいと伝えたところ、I don't know. I'll call a engineer.とだけ言われました。…,Date of stay: October 2019,1.0
148,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or150-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Not up to a Hilton standard,"I'm not a particularly fussy traveller but this hotel was a huge disappointment. Dreary, stale smelling corridors, out of date and worn out room furnishings. The only positive about this hotel is the location (only if you're arriving with the Heathrow Express from the airport). Although I have no serious complaints about the check in experience the staff at reception left the impression they are not too happy about their job. Just the bare minimum in communication. Are smiles mixed in with some friendliness too much to ask for?",Date of stay: October 2019,2.0
149,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or150-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,President,"Wonderful hotel.  I stay here each time I visit London.  The hotel breakfast is great and when you are here, ask for Salvo to serve you.  He does a wonderful job and makes the breakfast experience a great way to start the day.",Date of stay: October 2019,5.0
150,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or155-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Disappointing,"Not up to my expectations. Average room: not very clean, Noisy and cold. The heating was terribly slow. Average food at the restaurant. Breakfast was ok but not much choice. A person in our group had her bag stolen while at the bar. Overall- not worth the €€€. The only good thing is that it is literally inside paddington station and very easy to reach from Heathrow.",Date of stay: October 2019,3.0
151,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or155-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Great value, better than expected","Hilton Paddington is not a personal service white glove 5 star hotel.  That said, it is a fantastic London venue for business or tourists.  For a family of four (two children 12 and 10), it really is perfect.  The quality, safety, amenities and location make it a five star hotel.  The terrace suites are the best in London for similar size and views--better than some rooms at 10 times the price.  Really.  Maybe the service at the other places is what you pay for, but the terrace and renovated rooms are among the best of any city anywhere.  Simply amazing.  The executive lounge was basic, but excellent.  Staff pleasant.  Highly recommended.",Date of stay: October 2019,5.0
152,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or155-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Safety Hazards Galore,"We stayed at the Hotel Paddington because of its location.  However, we didn’t know we were putting our lives at risk.  My grandson is primarily wheelchair bound with limited mobility.  When we arrived on the train, we had to walk outside in the rain to the entrance, where we were faced with steps and no handicap accessibility marked.  Worse was only one working elevator in the whole hotel.  I walked down 6 floors of steps to see what was happening after we waited 25 minutes for an elevator.  Could not get out of the stairwell onto the main floor as the doors would not open.  In an emergency, we would have been trapped!  No handicap accessibility anywhere in the hotel.  Shameful!  Oh - and the concierge was wrong in the info he gave us about the BigBus, so even though we raced…",Date of stay: October 2019,1.0
153,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or155-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Conveniece or not,"We stayed 1 night to/from London Heathrow -  expensive but seemed convenient/ logical. Upgraded to double queen room; spacious but dark & noisy with no views outdoors. 2 out of 3 lifts were working, then one broke down whilst in it. Trapped in a lift is unpleasant. Room had nothing special. Staff were very pleasant & helpful which is why I gave average 3 stars rather than poor. If you wish to book for ""convenience"", families with young children might find it difficult to cope with.",Date of stay: October 2019,3.0
154,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or155-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Annoyed- long wait to check in,"Arrived from NYC, took Heathrow Express to Paddington, with enough time to go out for the night. The hotel is extremely convenient from LHR to Central London. Two people in the queue to check in. Took 20 minutes to get checked in, okay it is what is...but the annoying bit there were four Hilton employees in the lobby not 10 feet from me just shooting the breeze, without a care in the world..now I’m not a hotel manager but maybe look at what positions you staff...and when. Last annoyance the bloody ice machine on floor three was not dispensing ice, come on you have to know this Hilton, you are meant to be a full service hotel!",Date of stay: October 2019,2.0
155,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or160-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Hilton at Paddington Station,"The hotel is part of the station complex and a great location if you are taking the Heathrow Express the next day (or happen to arrive by train at a later hour).   A short walk and you are on the train.   Otherwise it is a somewhat routine Hilton -- a pleasant room at a decent price, but not necessarily a hotel that would be your first choice for London.   As someone else has noted, only one of three elevators was working which wasn't a great problem, but a little irritating as waits sometimes were longer than needed.    Nothing too special about eating at the hotel or in the station, but there are some options.",Date of stay: October 2019,3.0
156,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or160-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Mixed views,"Renata from Reception checked me in. She was absolutely lovely.   I booked via the Hilton a Honors app where I thought it would automatically state that I am a Team Member, even though the Team Member Room rate was unavailable. (I understand this as I booked only yesterday and that this isn’t the fault of anybody at this property) I asked to confirm if I still qualified for discounted Food & Beverage.  I then went to the bar to order a bottle of wine to take to my room. I informed the member of staff behind the bar that I am a Team Member and showed him my app and I also had my ID with me. He dismissed me before I could order anything and said he needed written confirmation from the Reception.  So, I walked back to Reception to ask for my written confirmation. They couldn’t…",Date of stay: October 2019,2.0
157,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or160-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Hotel needs some repairs ,"We stayed for a few days and only one elevator was working. Guests were helping each other carry luggage and in one case a walker down the stairs because the elevator was full. The room I was assigned did not have a working air conditioner. I realized this after the first night and asked for someone to come look at it. It took a few requests and someone showed up around 9pm to get it working. It barely cooled the room but I left the next day and didn’t want to ask again. The person who showed up to fix the AC also offered to open the window, but it only opened a few inches and faced construction. This is an expensive hotel for how outdated and need of repair the stay here was. The location is excellent above Paddington station and quick to Heathrow if you need convenience. ",Date of stay: October 2019,2.0
158,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or160-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Expensive, run down, ok for Paddington Station","Rather than submit a lengthy feedback to Tripadvisor (the only easy way to feed back that I could find on the Hilton website) I eventually found a form on the website and thought I should express concern about several issues. However it is difficult to find, has to be filled in from the start if you make a mistake, and only allows about 100 words even though it says 500! We have stayed at Hilton Paddington several times before and would like to do so again, however: I booked online and chose a room via a link in the email they sent me. On arrival this was changed to a different room, without explanation. Either one or two of the three lifts were not working, meaning longer than expected waits. In several areas the floor is collapsing under the carpet in the corridors on floor 3.…",Date of stay: October 2019,2.0
159,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or160-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Fine but not for the price,"Location is convenient to Paddington station, and Hyde Park is great but it isn't one of the nicer nor more interesting parts of town. Not easy neighbourhood for just walking to a nice restaurant or cafe.  Hotel feels like something that would've been considered really nice in the US in the early 90s or thereabouts - dated, nothing special and over priced.  Service in the hotel very average. We were in a family superior room and it was roomy by London standards but you certainly wouldn't want to be stuck in it during a rainy day, i.e. it isn't that roomy. Lacked little niceties that you'd expect for the price, e.g. no shoehorn or little cloth to give a quick shine, the iron seemed very low quality, there wasn't a coffee maker, just instant coffee and a kettle, on arrival there…",Date of stay: October 2019,3.0
160,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or165-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Great location, poor service","We've stayed here for one night in the middle of the week, liked the proximity to Paddington station and Tube network and that it was Hilton. The room was spacious, nice and clean. Also breakfast was the usual Hilton standard.  However, considering that we were 4 people staying, in the room there were only 2 mugs, not enough coffee or milk for all (also only 2 bathrobes, etc.) So we ventured downstairs hoping to sit down in the lounge or a bar to have some coffee at 11pm, not a chance!! Two facilities we found on site (bar and a café behind the reception) were not serving coffee anymore (we've heard about machine being cleaned, cannot make you a coffee now, etc.) Room service does not do coffee either?! Very disappointing indeed.  Then trying to get back upstairs, we got stuck…",Date of stay: October 2019,2.0
161,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or165-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Extremely poor customer service ,Hilton Honors member that uses Hilton as much as possible all over the world. Had been pleased with it until I had to deal with this management and their uncooperative manor. Booked in advance and no adjustment were made or options offered to a Loyal customer as their prices plummeted and I paid a premium in advance. Very dissatisfied and disappointed with their lack of care or support to loyal Hilton honors members. Make one want to seriously reconsider... ,Date of stay: October 2019,1.0
162,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or165-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Where was this picture taken?,"If this is a 4 star hotel, it must be rated on a scale of 20! The only redeeming value...and I mean only redeeming value is that is accessible from Paddington Station. Other than that the food is mediocre,  the barman doesn't know much about cocktails, and  the service is atrocious throughout. This place is a dump and in a bad neighborhood...but it is near to Paddington Station.",Date of stay: October 2019,1.0
163,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or165-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,breakfast,"i don't normally bother posting reviews on sites but wanted to mention that I received very good friendly service this morning, particularly from Salvo, and a good range of food options for a very reasonable price",Date of stay: October 2019,5.0
164,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or165-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,A haven in the busy city,"As I was travelling by train to the West Midlands the following day, I booked a night at the Hilton to be ready for the train. The bed is sooo comfortable and the room is spacious and well appointed. The staff are very helpful. My central heating was set a little too warm for me and it was changed as soon as I requested. Breakfast is a cornucopia of delicious treats. It is just so simple to check out and leave via the back door to arrive on the platform. There is even a lift so luggage is not an issue.",Date of stay: September 2019,5.0
165,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or170-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Good hotel, great location ","2 mins after you step off the Heathrow Express, you’ll be in the hotel. Nice having access from inside the station rather than having to go outside. As a Diamond member, I received an upgrade to a newly renovated Tower Room which was nice. Room itself was lovely and bed amazingly comfy. The air con didn’t seem to work - I had to call reception to ask what was wrong and it seemed they could switch it off remotely....?! That confused me! The Executive Lounge is perfect for people watching - looks right into the concourse of Paddington Station. Good breakfast selection, sandwiches and cakes Mid afternoon and evening canapés and drinks in the evening. Great staff in there who were very attentive. The bar area was nice although service could be slightly slow. This was my second time…",Date of stay: October 2019,4.0
166,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or170-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Dated Art Deco Wannabe,"If this is a 4star hotel, the ratings system must be on a scale of 20. Very overpriced: a cup of hot tea is 5£ 50...you can get. Cream tea with a few scones at Fortnum &Mason's Tea Room for 6£ 50! Just across the way you can get a full English breakfast for 5£ 50 at any number of restaurants and cafes.  The wait staff practices studied indifference to the patrons: we waited 45 minutes for our insolent waitress to recognize us and then had to wait another 45 minutes for her to give us the bill.  Art Deco does not mean rude, obnoxious and price gouging.",Date of stay: October 2019,1.0
167,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or170-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Good location if that is all that you are after,"This was unlike any other Hilton we had ever experienced.  Do not expect much when it comes to TV channels, house keeping, stable air conditioning or replaced water bottles.  On the upside, the concierge was terrific and made well informed recommendations. Ok as a one night hotel close to the Paddington Station. Would not recommend staying beyond that. ",Date of stay: October 2019,3.0
168,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or170-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Location!,The location to the Tube and Train are amazing.  Great value for the location.  Hop on the Tube and get anywhere.  Express to Heathrow and trains to other locations are right outside the door of the hotel. ,Date of stay: October 2019,4.0
169,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or170-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,A lot of building work around the hotel,"We travelled to London by train and stayed at the Paddington Hilton from Monday 23rd to Friday 27th September.  The Hilton is the original Victorian station and has a terrific atmosphere with large staircases and rooms with very high ceilings and is very convenient for the station with direct access to the platforms.  Our room (No. 254) was spacious with a high ceiling and large bathroom but it was overlooking a building site (Paddington Square).  The hotel seemed to be surrounded by building sites.  It was not a great problem, in fact we spent a lot of time watching what was going on.  It was quite remarkable that so much heavy machinery could be used safely in such a small area Breakfasts were quite standard, a wide choice. We had a drink in the bar on our first evening but I…",Date of stay: September 2019,4.0
170,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or175-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Perfect location for Heathrow Express,"I primarily chose this hotel due to its location, as I needed to take an early morning train to Heathrow. Also a good location for trains and tube connections, rather close to both Notting Hill area and Marylebone, and easy to get to central London. Good standard of the rooms and bathroom, and nice reception area. Good place if you need to stay in this area.",Date of stay: October 2019,4.0
171,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or175-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Average,"The Hilton Paddington is directly linked to Paddington station which makes it very convenient as a place to stay upon arrival or departure from London (the Heathrow Express link train goes to Paddington). If you arrive in the am (as many flights from the US do) don't expect to get a room until at least 2 pm and the front desk is not very helpful in wanting to provide a text if a room becomes available sooner. The Paddington area itself is unremarkable, but is not too far a walk to Hyde Park and is well-serviced by the underground. Rooms in this ""classic"" rail hotel from the '20's are on the small side and a bit tired, but they are clean and well kept. Rates for expensive London are reasonable. Rooms at the rear of the hotel are quieter. Breakfast is a predictable buffet, but the…",Date of stay: October 2019,3.0
172,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or175-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Return visit, executive room in GWR Tower","We stayed here when the GWR Tower Rooms first opened and loved the decor, privacy and executive lounge.   This visit we were disappointed to find the Tower Room executive lounge no longer existed but in a 3-day stay we made full use of the hotel's executive lounge on the ground floor and never found it too busy.  The lunch and evening snacks (6.30pm-8.30pm) were constantly replenished and varied each day.  The drinks available in the evening with the snacks included a limited selection of soft drinks, beers, spirits and one red and one white wine. It was relaxing to chill here after a long day sightseeing. The breakfast selection was not as good as a normal Hilton standard and the croissants tasted stale.  There was a small selection of hot dishes with eggs, bacon, sausages. …",Date of stay: September 2019,4.0
173,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or175-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Disgusting!,"We were just finishing up a four week holiday across Europe. The Hilton Paddington was to be the last of seven Hilton properties we stayed at during our trip. The six prior Hilton’s exceeded our expectations in every way.   So when we arrived at the Hilton Paddington the bar was set pretty high. As a Hilton Diamond, I have grown to value the Hilton brand and have always enjoyed my stays, until now.   Upon check-in we were assigned a dark smelly room, with only one window. Since this was presented as a “Queen Suite”, we expected more. The “living area” had no window whatsoever.   When I pointed this out to the hotel, Mr. Nair replied “I apologise that the rooms you were checked into were not to your liking. Room 444/445 is usually one of our more popular rooms especially with…",Date of stay: September 2019,1.0
174,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or175-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Showing its age but good stop for LHR,This property is showing its age and feels as though it needs a lot of money spending on it to bring it back to the high standards of the last decade. Paint and woodwork are peeling in many places. The offerings in the Lounge continue to decline and they are very slow to clear tables. Pillows in particular were of poor quality  At the price point there are better hotels for a London stay but this is a good overnight stop when travelling via LHR. ,Date of stay: October 2019,3.0
175,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or180-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Some aspects not up to standards ,"We stayed here for a couple of nights and overall a mixed experience. The location is excellent near the station, and Heathrow express. The lovely old facade and some of the Art Deco elements are really beautiful. But a number of fixtures in our deluxe room were either worn, broken or simply dirty that took the shine off our stay, especially when we paid quite a lot for a so called deluxe room. There is an amusing sign on the mini bar fridge warning you if you touch something you will pay for it! We also asked for a slightly later checkout from 1200 to 1300 but didn’t bother when we were told it would cost an additional 20 pounds. The hall to our room was also being used to store conference room tables, not so stylish. The staff were friendly and this could be a great hotel with…",Date of stay: October 2019,2.0
176,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or180-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Hilton Hotel, Paddington","Service was good, the room was spacious and clean. Breakfast was good Dinner at the restaurant was good with OK service The location was very good with direct access to Paddington Station with the Heathrow Express.  No problems",Date of stay: September 2019,5.0
177,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or180-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Poorly coordinated and an unresponsive staff.,"Poor coordination between the staff on check-in and unresponsive to simple requests like ""Could i please get the invoice for the charges?"" Musty smell in the rooms. Old fittings. Shower tap leaking, difficult to close. ",Date of stay: September 2019,2.0
178,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or180-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel but take ear plugs,"This is a nice hotel with excellent staff but all that was completely over shadowed by the noise! Despite being on the third floor I heard every train that passed underneath and every car, dustbin lorry and even loud pedestrian on the street below. Too noisy to sleep until nearly midnight and started up again at 5:30am.....  After 2 nights I was exhausted and desperate to get home.  Here on business and facilities were good (technology a bit dated). Rooms good, Food excellent and staff very attentive.  Bedroom nice but AC completely ineffective, on full blast set at 18 but the thermostat never dropped below 23 and room always felt warm.  Food for our private (buffet) dinner and breaks was lovely but amount excessive leading to food waste which I hate.  Staff were the best bit. …",Date of stay: October 2019,3.0
179,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or180-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Racist and totally uncalled for,"This morning at breakfast, I was at the egg station where Chef Cynthia was frying some fresh eggs.   Me: Can I have the fresh eggs that you just cooked  Chef Cynthia : pointed at the few old eggs at the station with the laddle without saying a word. Me: But May I have the fresh cooked eggs instead? Chef Cynthia: Scooped the egg from the pan onto my plate with her full of anger and said PLEASE THANK YOU!!! Me: Stunned and embarrassed   She did not give me a chance to thank her and I used work like Can I.. Maybe because I am Asian so she snapped at me but it’s totally unacceptable for service  people to be so rude. Kindly advise her to cook from the heart and stop being so rude to hotel guest.   On a lighter note, all the staff from the conceige are super helpful and…",Date of stay: September 2019,3.0
180,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or185-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Local to train station ,"Nice hotel, typical Hilton, clean tidy rooms, breakfast was good.  Close to train station & a nice place to stay to do a bit of sightseeing, family weekend away, open top bus tour, London eye, walk through Hyde park, Etc, then back to hotel to relax in some comforting surroundings. ",Date of stay: March 2019,4.0
181,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or185-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Perfect location for SW travellers ,"Right in the heart of Paddington railway station so no dragging bags around half of London   Overall staff helpful, special mention for Charles the concierge who was particularly customer focused   We had a really nice room - large comfortable bed and room clean  Buffet Breakfast felt disorganised ie when you ‘booked in’ whilst shown to your table they didn’t tell you you had to order tea / coffee at the table.  Similarly whilst you got omelettes at the serving station if you wanted poached eggs you had to order at the table.  On the plus side lovely sausages   Certainly would stay again ",Date of stay: September 2019,4.0
182,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or185-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Sixth time, service is slipping ","Sixth year in a row at this hotel, almost like a home in London but there are certain things about it that need attention:  Service levels are slipping   1) Arrived around 2 pm. Was attended at the front desk by Ms Meerina but was told will take atleast an hour atleast to get the room. About 15 minutes later we checked again with her and were allotted a very dull room on the 2nd floor overlooking the station roof. Disappointed with that we requested that we want a different room. Were told the same thing again by Ms Meerina that will have to wait until 3 pm as the rooms aren’t ready.  However within 5 minutes of that though (another staffer on the front desk allotted us a room on the 4th floor facing the London Street. Thankfully we checked else Ms Meerina would have made us…",Date of stay: August 2019,3.0
183,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or185-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Late rooms , very late - astonished","After a long day travelling , exacerbated by plane and train delays because of heavy rain and flooding, I arrived at 9.45pm only to be told at reception that the room was not ready !!!   What you are joking I replied ?   Not what I expect of a 4 star hotel. The complimentary drink did nothing to quell the disapointment, as all I wanted was to rest up in the room after a long day.  We were told 10 mins by the Night Manager for the room to be ready, but only after 30mins later we were provided with room keys.   Disappointing from the Hilton Paddington, as I have always been loyal to their brand for over 25 years of business travel",Date of stay: September 2019,2.0
184,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or185-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Don't Follow Instructions,"we book a suite with two rooms, one with a queen bed and the other with a sofa bed.  initially suite was booked in my wife's name but she was unable to travel we requested the booking be changed to my name.  Well as you can guess it did not happen and cause some problems when I tried to book in using my name.  My wife like many modern profession ladies retained her maiden name. Anyway that was sorted out but when I went up to the suite I found there was only two single beds in one room and the sofa bed in the other room was not made up as requested.    Breakfast was part of the booking.  The range of food was typical of any average hotel so no complaints there but I would have expecetd a signature hotel to have something a little more meorable (like I had just received in Dubai…",Date of stay: September 2019,2.0
185,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or190-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,We are regulars,"We always feel at home here, but there seem to be fewer staff each time we visit. Our room was large and airy; the Executive Lounge is comfortable, but the food on offer was not as good as in the past. Brilliant for rail travel and for the Heathrow Express.",Date of stay: September 2019,4.0
186,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or190-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Phenomenal location, dated property","Good hotel. GREAT location for travel to LHR. Next to the tube station.   Rooms are nice and comfy, but its a slightly dated hotel.   Breakfast was ho hum.  It was a little pricey for the value they provided. ",Date of stay: July 2019,4.0
187,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or190-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great location for early morning trains,"Our room was clean, and had everything you could need. I probably wouldn’t stay here for a long period of time as it is a bit more outside of the areas in London I prefer,  but it was perfect for 1 night as the Heathrow Express is attached to the hotel. The hotel restaurant/bar “Carriages” is less than average, we were seated for lunch and waited approximately 20 minutes and no servers came over to us, we had tried to get their attention but it was not happening. I was way to hungry to wait any longer so we left... The 2 ladies standing at the host desk didn’t say a word as we left, they were more interested in their conversation. If I didn’t have the experience at Carriages, I would give the hotel 4/5 stars easily.",Date of stay: March 2019,3.0
188,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or190-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Dissapointing,"Four double rooms booked,two for two nights and two for one night .The second night was booked as we were all going to the proms,gate opened at 3 pm, two of the bookings didn't get their keys till gone 4.00. The service for checking in was extremely slow then queue for lifts just as bad. On checking out was same situation ,on hearing others complain ,when I got my chance I to complain was ignored ,so i said never again. The Hilton did not live up to its name by any means.",Date of stay: September 2019,3.0
189,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or190-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,A Hilton that did not meet expectations,"I stay exclusively at Hiltons but from the wait time at the front desk, to the inadequate response of staff, to mechanical problems in the room the Paddington Hotel was poor.  The staff seemed overwhelmed by guests at all time and unable to meet any standard of service. ",Date of stay: September 2019,2.0
190,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or195-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great stay at Hilton London Paddington,"Location location location makes a stay at the Hilton London Paddington unique and very satisfying. The hotel itself is lovely and the service is terrific. Even better is the location. The entrance to the Paddington underground station is directly across the street and the hotel itself connects to the Paddington train station through the back door of the lobby. The train station includes multiple restaurants, 2 grocery stores, a pharmacy, clothing stores, and more. We were also delighted by the musical performance of the Paddington Station Railway Band in a free concert that happens every Friday night between March and October. For those who want to get out of the station, there are restaurants, pubs, and a very lovely residential neighborhood to enjoy.   All in all, this hotel…",Date of stay: September 2019,5.0
191,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or195-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Improvements much needed,"I stayed at the Hilton Paddington on two occasions over the summer, one month apart. First time on business for two nights, second time with family for one night. I am a HHonors Diamond member, which means I am treated very well at all Hilton hotels, all except the Hilton Paddington! During my solo stay, they put me in a dark room that looked like it's from the 70's, the bathroom stank like urine. I immediately regretted booking this hotel. ""Oh, what a DUMP this is!"" I said to myself. I got the staff to clean the bathroom but it still stank like an outhouse. I had to hold my breath every time I used the bathroom. As I was so tired from my trip, I didn't bother to request a change of room. For my family stay, I booked a family terrace suite. It was a renovated suite. Much better…",Date of stay: August 2019,2.0
192,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or195-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Expensive and not worth the money,"Stayed here for work - lobby is nice - rooms in the tower block dated, tatty and bed lumpy. There are better hotels for the price (£175). Avoid if you can other locations - was really disappointed - not befitting the Hilton brand.",Date of stay: September 2019,2.0
193,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or195-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great location - tired hotel,"The hotel is located in a great location right next door to a number of major improvements on the canal.  Transport is superb.  The front of house staff are great - welcoming and friendly and full of information on live shows, attractions and so on.   The passageways and rooms are tired - in need of major renovations.   The cost is high for what is available - you pay for location rather than comfort in a luxury room.  Low level Hilton Honours benefits in comparison to many other in brand.  Bistro is not great but if you go out looking some great food places within walking distance in most directions- even a great fish place serving food for over 400 years if you bother to look and head towards the parklands.",Date of stay: July 2019,3.0
194,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or195-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Reviewing just the breakfast buffet at “Carriages Cafe”,"I can’t seem to find the site for the in-hotel restaurant, “Carriages Cafe” - so I’m placing it here, since this is the restaurant for the hotel’s breakfast buffet.  The food is fresh and delicious, with a very good variety.  There are made to order eggs, including omelettes.  What makes this breakfast buffet stand out, however, are the people working here.  The buffet is very well staffed with hard working and cheerful people - from the young men bussing the tables, all the way to the hosts who greet and seat you.  We have been lucky enough to meet one of the hosts whose name is Tiago.  He is very charming and charismatic, and seems very happy in his work.  He is the kind of person you hope to see first thing in the morning as a great way to start your day!  Thanks, Tiago! …",Date of stay: September 2019,5.0
195,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or200-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Hotel is in a great location ,So I have mixed reviews about this hotel. It’s in a great location. We took the train from Heathrow to Paddington Station and walked out and the hotel is right there. From the lounge you can see into the train station. The girl was friendly at the desk when we checked in and said they would be serving tea and sandwiches at 3pm so we went to the lounge and they were not serving tea. The lady there said tea is from 12-3pm so very disappointed and hungry from our journey. We ended up going to eat early dinner. The next day they said it again at the front desk and again were wrong they need to get their timing correct and let guests know the correct information. On the last day because we checked out early as hotel rules say we needed to and left the keys in the room we were denied…,Date of stay: September 2019,3.0
196,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or200-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Just rude,"To be absolutely clear, aside from the prices (you get what you pay for), I have no issues with the hotel itself - the  rooms are fine, location is unbeatable for Heathrow connections, etc.  But my stay was ruined by the unbelievable rudeness of who I think was the daytime front desk manager (Kiran).  In short he lied to me on the phone once, then to my face twice, about something which was not even that important.  Maybe it was the quintessentially British way it was done (""oh you are still here?"") which irritated me even more.  I don't understand why people feel the need to do this and the fact that I am writing this 2 months after my stay shows that the emotion is still there.  If you read any of my other reviews I never write anything close to being this personally negative…",Date of stay: July 2019,2.0
197,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or200-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Does what it says on the tin,Standard Hilton experience in a great old building. People choose Hilton’s usually as you know what you are going to get from room colour to breakfast. Usually I prefer to somewhere more eclectic and interesting however the huge selling point for this place is its right in Paddington Station by the Heathrow Express - perfect for travellers ,Date of stay: September 2019,4.0
198,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or200-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Disappointing,"Firstly, on the plus side, I'm a Diamond member and was given an upgraded room, which was appreciated.  However:  1. Check in was terrible. Waited 20 minutes. No one checks you in at the Executive Lounge only two staff checking in at reception. A very, very long queue. It's a shame the unpleasant Duty Manager could help with checking in guests.  2. No one answers the phones. Nightmare!  3. Good job I checked my bill. I always tip room service with cash. However, a £5 tip had been added to my docket. I was told this error had been made because I had signed my name in the tip section and it looked like a 5. So, carefully check your dockets if you decide to stay here. I only hope your signature does look like a 50 or a 100. No apology from management. Just told aggressively that he…",Date of stay: September 2019,1.0
199,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or200-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Good Hotel,"The staff are nice. Am enchanted by the location of this hotel, within easy reach of most attractions in London. Great transportation choices-taxis, bus,London tube and surface train(paddington station)",Date of stay: August 2019,4.0
200,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or205-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Two stays close to each other. One meh. One nice. ,So if you take the Heathrow Express the location can't be beaten. You can get into the hotel without even going outside of the train station.  I struggle with London hotels that have some history because while I appreciate the background a nice high ceiling airy hotel is frankly more comfortable. But Hilton Paddington does a nice balance.   GWR Tower rooms are nice and new but quite a long walk. And the staff were really not knowledgeable and in some cases almost rude when I asked about directions. Another guest had to tell me the correct sequence of elevator banks. On my second stay though they upgraded me to a junior sweet which was very acceptable if a little more dated.   Typical London ground floor executive lounge with decent coffee and basic English breakfast.   I did…,Date of stay: September 2019,4.0
201,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or205-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Excellent Place to Stay in London,"We were very satisfied with our choice of this hotel because of its superior location, very nice room and restaurant.  We arrived by train and entered the hotel directly from the train station.  For added convenience there is an underground station across the street from the Hilton, and the train to Heathrow airport also leaves from the station connected to this hotel.  The room and bed were very comfortable and so I will most likely stay here again whenever I come to visit the city of London.",Date of stay: August 2019,5.0
202,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or205-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Hilton London Paddington is an excellent place to stay,The Hilton London Paddington is connected to the Paddington Railway station and is a very convenient location.  Our room for 4 was comfortable and clean with luxurious bedding.  The people at the registration desk are friendly and efficiently competent.,Date of stay: August 2019,5.0
203,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or205-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,First day choice,"The hotel is located at Paddington station which is the destination of the airport express. If it's the first day you come to London and try to find a decent place to stay, I can't anything better than Hilton Paddington. The transportation is so convenient around and Hype Park is also within walking distance.",Date of stay: August 2019,4.0
204,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or205-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,It’s simply okay and that is all.,"Upon arrival the front desk didn’t bother to inform me that one of my suites had no A/C. Upon complaining to housekeeping, I was informed that they were aware of the issue for several weeks. I was changed to a different suite, yet there was little difference in the A/C. This seemed to be a hotel wide undisclosed problem.  Food - there is much to be desired in this area.",Date of stay: September 2019,3.0
205,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or210-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Terrible Experience,"We booked 3 rooms for 2 nights. One room was filthy and had no lights for a majority of the stay. Our agent that checked us in was very rude and was extremely unhelpful. Due to her booking error our 80 year old aunt was locked out of her room and made to stay in the lobby for 2 hours!  Also, you cannot call the front desk from your room after 5pm, because apparently they only answer 9am-5pm. Awful experience and would not recommend.",Date of stay: August 2019,1.0
206,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or210-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Reception excellence. Lian great work!,Since 1982 I was with the executive office of Hilton Corporation in NYC. I am also a long time Hilton Honors member.  Just flew into London for one night stay at Paddington.  A trainee Lian did a great job getting my reservation up and the key in my hand.  I have stayed at Hiltons on every continent and was checked in by very experienced staff.  Lian deserves special mention as she is top level.  Thanks.,Date of stay: August 2019,4.0
207,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or210-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Expected better from a Hilton hotel!,"This was our third extended stay at the Hilton London Paddington. We had booked to stay here for the third time because we had thoroughly enjoyed our first two stays. This time we were there for 8 nights. Our room was spacious, well maintained and clean. The bed was large and very comfortable. The bathroom, although a little dated was large and functional. We enjoyed the daily breakfasts in the newly renovated ground floor dining room. There was a good variety of foods to choose from and the dining room staff were usually courteous and efficient. There were two members of staff who we found to be outstanding in their duties. They were the two doormen who always had a friendly word of greeting and were willing to go out of their way to be helpful. The downside of this stay was an…",Date of stay: June 2019,3.0
208,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or210-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great location,Great location - if you take the Heathrow Express you can be there in no time - lots of train and underground options.  Gym is quite good and rarely used.  Food is lousy.  Rooms vary greatly in size but they are clean and quiet. Good hotel at $140 or less - more than that probably not.,Date of stay: August 2019,3.0
209,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or210-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Nice location especially if you are using Paddington ,Stay at Hiltons allot as I find their rewards program a real winner and they are always consistent with their service and quality. The Paddington hotel is in an awesome spot if you are traveling in and out of London especially if you are coming in from Heathrow or on the train to or from Paddington. You can literally walk out of the hotel and right into the train station and onto the train. That was really convenient and literally took me 5 min to get onto the Heathrow express. The hotel is located in the old Great Western Railways (I think it is GWR) head office so look out for some cool little features like the logo in the floor. Got a real nice feel about it. Check in staff were friend and efficient and they did upgrade me because I was a Hilton loyalty member. Always a nice…,Date of stay: August 2019,3.0
210,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or215-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Terrible stay in London,Lights didn't work in 1 of our rooms tried getting a hold of front desk no one would answer. Funny smell in 2 rooms. My 80 year old Aunt was looked out of her room from a booking error on their part. Service at front desk and manager Eric was not friendly.,Date of stay: August 2019,1.0
211,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or215-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Manager ”Eric” ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️,I came in with a problem around 8:30 PM. The manager at the desk Eric assisted me. He was professional  courteously and kind. Excellent customer service!!! I would happy to stay at this location next time in London.,Date of stay: August 2019,5.0
212,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or215-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Delicious afternoon tea,"Had a nice valentines day afternoon tea. We choose it as it was close to our final destination and the staff was very friendly and helpful. The tables are a bit too small for two, but it was a very nice place.",Date of stay: February 2019,5.0
213,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or215-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Definitely will not stay again.,Food provided in the hotel is not up to the standard it should be of a “Hilton”. Air conditioning wasn't working properly and on a hot day in London can cause a very unpleasant nights sleep. Hotel staff are not as helpful or welcoming as they should be and generated quite a cold feeling to the overall stay. ,Date of stay: August 2019,1.0
214,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or215-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Lobby construction late into the night - beware!,"Stayed the night of 8/22. There is construction in the lobby. It sounds like they are breaking up stone or cement with jackhammers. Lots of banging and drilling. So loud in the lobby that you can't even speak with desk help. I checked in for one night and was given a room on the second floor. It was so loud in my room that there was no way we would be able to sleep, and we chose this hotel for proximity to the train and because we had an early flight the next morning. At 11:30 pm I had reception inquire when they would finish for the night and was told 2 AM. After a half hour of waiting we were finally given the option to move to another room. I had to get everyone out of bed and packed up to move rooms at midnight when our goal was to get to sleep early for our morning flight.…",Date of stay: August 2019,2.0
215,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or220-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Great location, very bad food","The location of Hilton Paddington was excellent, which is its main advantage. Its food is terrible, though, which is its main drawback. Also the food around its neighborhood is also bad in general, so if food is important to you, you might want to consider.",Date of stay: August 2019,3.0
216,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or220-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Carriages at Hilton Paddington,"Stopped for breakfast, service very good, food just about average. Being asked to pay before I even saw the food is totally unacceptable. If they have problems with customers leaving without paying they need to address this by having staff at access point.   Treating all customers as thieves, being asked to pay without even seeing the food and of course paying 12.5% service charge before service is TOTALLY UNACCEPTABLE",Date of stay: August 2019,1.0
217,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or220-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Good size rooms; very average service from staff,"I stayed here for 1 night with my family in a Queen Suite room. The room was large - huge by London standards. The room itself was excellent.  The staff, however, were disappointing. I noted in my booking that I had two small children with me and that I required a cot and the sofa bed. I had to call for a cot to be brought to the room and for the sofa bed to be made up. I better hotel would do these things without me asking.  When I asked for a dinner recommendation I was directed to the restaurant in-house. When I asked for suggestions nearby the concierge struggled to give a suggestion that met my needs (i.e a place open early and nearby, suitable for 2 small children).   The Business Centre was the greatest disappointment. I asked them to print some documents for me. The…",Date of stay: August 2019,3.0
218,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or220-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Room Issues; no empathy from hotel staff,"I have stayed at many Hilton’s - was a diamond member until i reduced travel this past year when my first child was born - and I have never had such a poor experience as this stay. I was visiting with my husband, infant daughter, and our nanny. We moved to this hotel the night before our departure because our air b&b did not have air conditioning and we wanted a good nights sleep before the long flight back with our infant. When we arrived, the air in our room was not working. I reported this immediately - reception reported that they would fix it - probably a “computer issue”. Over an hour later, still no air, so I called again and an engineer was sent. he worked for 15 minutes. After he finished, he told us it was repaired and that we should give it a couple of hours to cool…",Date of stay: August 2019,1.0
219,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or220-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Hilton London paddington,"We stayed  for  3 night in 2 rooms . They were very accomadating for our family if 4 adults and 2 children. The cots  for the kids were really nice beds. We stayed on the executive floor with access to the lounge. The breakfast was fine. The staff was great, the  happy hour was nice, it changed daily, with chicken skewers to veggie samosa, and chips, and cheeses.   The staff was very nice, I would definitely stay there again,  the train from heathrow with the express is 15-20 minutes, and it is right across the street from paddington station.  There are many kinds of restaurants and stores very close by which is great.  There are tesco very close . All good.",Date of stay: August 2019,5.0
220,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or225-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great location....a few concerns,"Like most reviewers, the location of the hotel is fabulous. We purchased Oyster cards and rode underground from Heathrow. Our daughter had a conflict and was unable to go, so we were offered an upgraded room as ours wasn't ready. The Tower section was nice. Like others as well, it would have been nice to tell us about inserting the room key in the slot to have power. Breakfast was ok. I'm not an over easy egg fan and not one to experiment if porridge is anything like oatmeal, breakfast at the hotel was just enough to start the day with something on the stomach. I was EXTREMELY concerned about the regularity of housekeeping in our room. Why are there placard to put it on the bed if guest want fresh sheets, but housekeeping change sheets daily without guest request? Why does same…",Date of stay: August 2019,3.0
221,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or225-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,A good start and finish hotel,Quick check in. Beds are very comfortable. Hotel is a little tired but would not hesitate to stay here again. Very convenient to the Heathrow express and Paddington underground. Good wifi and staff are friendly. Rooms are spacious for London. Lots of restaurants nearby. ,Date of stay: August 2019,4.0
222,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or225-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"A good location for exploring London, but poor room quality","I had stayed at this property in the past and decided to stay here again since I was bringing my son and his family and wanted the convenience of arriving via the Heathrow Express and walking directly into the hotel.  I rented two rooms for 6 nights and the suite I booked for my son was good.  However, the “executive room” I booked for me and my wife was far from what we have grown to expected from Hilton properties worldwide.  I went into great detail with the survey Hilton sent me after staying at the hotel, and was surprised I never heard from Hilton.  I am a Gold Hilton member and generally stay with Hilton.  The chairs in our room were some dirty and dingy we refused to sit in them or even put our luggage there.  We were given a low floor on Praed Street so it was noisy.…",Date of stay: July 2019,2.0
223,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or225-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Room and facilities are very old,"I sprained my leg before the journey but I was still arranged to the last room of the hotel. The hotel is big and requires me to walk 3 minutes to the lobby and walk several stairs. The room is very old and nasty. Apart from location, there’s nothing to recommend even I am a HH member.",Date of stay: July 2019,1.0
224,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or225-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Great Location , all other just OK","You can’t beat the location by Heathrow Express. I think the hotel management take things for granted given that people book here for convenience.  Asked the receptionist for an upgrade, she could not explain how the upgraded room is better for 70 GBP more, asked her colleague, she said it’s bigger but could not explain how big is the room. They seemed not to really care. Speaks volume about management and training, must be embarrassing for a manager who reads this, I would not be surprised if the manager doesn’t care either. If they respond to this, it’s not genuine, they just don’t like the negative publicity. Why not try to be better?  The most amazing part was the bell man actually helped with luggage with smile.  All this said, this is a decent hotel. Been here few times.…",Date of stay: August 2019,3.0
225,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or230-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Perfect traveler hotel,"With easy access to the Heathrow express I always try to book my last night in UK at the Hilton Paddington.   Rooms are clean, plenty restaurants  and some shops to use up some of your remaining pounds (UK candy for my daughters).",Date of stay: November 2018,5.0
226,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or230-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Location Location,Great location as we were off on a steam trip to the South West. Rather nice theme of the 1930’s train and the hotel complimented that nicely. Stayed in the tower and use the ex lounge.  Breakfast a little weak – cold eggs. Room although small nice and importantly the air con worked.  A tiny bit overpriced. Would stay again if the breakfast is going to be hot!,Date of stay: July 2019,4.0
227,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or230-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Absolutely horrible and rude staff,"Check in process was horrible, we had proof of booking by someone else and photo identification and yet was refused check in by the extremely rude and dismissive manager. Therefore had to book another hotel room and check in immediately as the manager had blatantly refused to let us check in to our room. The person who booked the original hotel room called and asked for a refund, and was lied to by the hotel saying the new room was booked by Expedia even though we booked it directly through the website.   Manager then said he left a note on our account saying we did not need to pay for the room, but as we checked the next day he had lied to everyone's faces and didn't even bother to leave the note.  Was an absolutely terrible experience and will not visit again. One star is…",Date of stay: July 2019,1.0
228,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or230-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Most amazing porter ,"Stayed in the hotel for 2 nights (27/07-29/07). Perfect location just 5 minutes away from either the tube or the train station.   The morning we left (29th about 6:40am) we were greeted with the most AMAZING porter. So kind and friendly, he took mine and my mums case off me and walked us all the way down to the Heathrow express in the train station and onto the platform. Was so so helpful and we would return just because of his warmth, kindness and for being so helpful. Gutted we didn’t catch his name because he deserves copious amounts of praise. ",Date of stay: July 2019,5.0
229,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or230-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Amazing rooms,"Stayed in the Tower for the first time.  I’ve stayed here before, a few years ago and thought this hotel was a regular Hilton. By that I mean, you know what you’re going to get. Clean rooms, good location and fantastic service. This time it surpassed my expectations. I am luck to be hold Hhonours Diamond membership and was upgraded to the Tower room. I didn’t even know the rooms existed but they are top class 5* residences. Great comfortable bed, superb desk facilities, great chill area and a bathroom that is extremely luxurious.  On a separate note, the location is outstanding. The Heathrow express leaves from next door. The circle line leaves from next year which links to everywhere. You can walk up the street to Edgware Road and walk down to Marble Arch/Oxford Street/Park…",Date of stay: July 2019,5.0
230,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or235-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Location plus comfort,"Yes, the location IS excellent, especially for people coming in from and heading out to Heathrow...or anywhere else on the Great Western Railway system for that matter. Just go downstairs and jump on the train! Likewise, being on significant Underground lines also gives the hotel great benefits for the traveller. My room was absolutely excellent. Unlike many London hotel rooms I have stayed in, it was of a reasonable size and was nicely furnished. The bathroom was really good. Great to have an iron and ironing board in the room too, without having to ask. I suspect that travellers on business also find this hotel to be convenient. The 146 Bar downstairs had a good selection of drinks, with some specially nice gins. The check in and out process was perfunctory. Not a lot of…",Date of stay: July 2019,4.0
231,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or235-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Hilton is just a brand name. Nothing more.,"The service is fine although I tried to consult the concierge once and he was pretty rude.  It's a very old hotel, very tiring. The hotel is heavily dusty and quite smelly. The proximity to London Paddington station is the most prominent up side of it. Breakfast is really good",Date of stay: July 2019,3.0
232,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or235-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Don't recommend this unless quick night stay for Paddington trains,"The only good thing is the closeness to the Paddington station.  For 500 rooms, there are only 3 elevators which come in the average of 8-10 min wait.  No staircases to the 6th floor I was told by maids and service men who barely spoke English.  Breakfast was like Motel express.",Date of stay: July 2019,2.0
233,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or235-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Air conditioning can't keep up with this heat wave,"Temperature hit 37C today and the room with AC on max can't get below 27C. Folks at breakfast are all complaining that their rooms are hot. As the weather has gotten warmer, each night has been hotter than the last. Hotel is fine otherwise. Requests to the front desk aren't guaranteed to be fulfilled. We had to remind them twice for an extra duvet for our baby.",Date of stay: July 2019,3.0
234,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or235-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Perfect Location--Among Other Things,"Truly a perfect location. The Heathrow Express is literally downstairs from the hotel. Paddington Underground Station is directly across the street. Among Other Things:  We were able to leave our bags, since we arrived before check-in. The gentleman taking our bags was quick and helpful--even directing us to a very lovely pub for lunch. Once our room was ready, picking up our luggage was quick and easy Our room was spacious and the bathroom was also very large The included breakfast was very good and, the staff was always pleasant and professional. The food was plentiful -- so much so that we were able to skip lunch.  The concierge was helpful with directions and suggestions. Because of the number of guests, check-in may take a little while The elevators can be a bit slow A…",Date of stay: July 2019,5.0
235,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or240-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,More staff on reception needed ,"Pros: location, adjacent to Paddington station which serves trains to west and SW UK as well as major tube lines is a huge plus alongside the very attentive concierge. Eager and willing to help, no queues, speedy service with a smile. Beds and bedding comfy  Cons: in desperate need of more staff on reception, two isn’t enough. Considering the location the hotel draws a vast global crowd however the reception’s staff ability to communicate with those from further a field is a challenge and also their need to log visitor’s passports as proof of ID needed means the check in process is understandably longer. Common case of supply and demand - I had to wait 15mins to check in and gave up checking out after waiting 15 mins, going to get a coffee from Starbucks upon return to see the…",Date of stay: July 2019,3.0
236,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or240-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Superb service by Marco!,"Excellent choice for staying in London,this is my second time within a year, the hotel is located in the best part of London, I would like to mention Marco , the Italian waiter who remembered me from last time and served me very professionally. I recommend it!!",Date of stay: July 2019,5.0
237,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or240-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Unexpected, really good food!","Very good for location, cleanliness and service.  What really stood out was the quality of food and service in the dining room. Excellent preparation, presentation, flavor and service.  Unexpected and appreciated.  Bravo to the restaurant staff! ",Date of stay: July 2019,4.0
238,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or240-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great Location and Concierge - Very Outdated,"The location of the hotel was very convenient for whatever we wanted to do in terms of eating, shopping and traveling via the tube. The issues were inside the property. The appointments of the rooms, the quality of the attempted repairs and the willingness to intervene made for a much less than desirable stay.",Date of stay: July 2019,2.0
239,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or240-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Waiting for the elevators(like waiting for Godot),Very conveniently located at the Paddington station and surrounded by a good choice of restaurants. Being a Hilton member I use this hotel from time to time. It has two wings and the one with rooms ending in 20-40 makes you walk a lot from the elevators and climb a half floor ( there is a platform for people in wheelchairs) The dam thing is there are only 3 elevators and if you end up at floor 5 or 6 you will spend a lot of time waiting.  Such a hotel should have at least 5-6 elevators. This is a real pain.  For the rest it is friendly and efficient and clean. So I still go there hoping to get a room on floor not exceeding 3 and in thee main aisle. Really there is a need for more elevators. This is the reason of my rating 3. Otherwise it would be a 4.5. But I guess I will never…,Date of stay: July 2019,3.0
240,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or245-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great location ,This hotel is very easy to find! Perfect location from the train! Wonderful stay! I would stay here again! Very convenient and nice staff! Rooms are large and metro is near as well. Easy to access from anywhere. ,Date of stay: July 2019,5.0
241,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or245-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Rooms a bit tired and elevators really slow,"Enjoyed a conference here, liking some of the conference facilities but found the rooms and some of the corridors and elevators a bit tired and old.  Location is fantastic for getting about and enjoying Hyde Park, and the surrounding area.  Easy for people visiting from Heathrow and by train. Breakfast could have been more exciting too.",Date of stay: July 2019,3.0
242,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or245-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Good location,"This hotel is in as great location for visiting London.  The proximity to Paddington station and Underground gives you access to Heathrow and the city.  The staff is helpful and friendly.  The rooms are clean and updated.  The two major gigs I have with the hotel are the elevators and not water.  The lifts are very slow , so be prepared to wait when coming and going.  The hot water plumbing has a lot of air in them.  While taking a shower the water will spit and sometimes stop.  These issues would not be as bad except they charge premium prices to stay.  I will say though, breakfast is wonderful.",Date of stay: July 2019,3.0
243,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or245-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Nothing Special, but a very convenient location.","This hotel is super convenient to London Heathrow Airport.  15 minute train ride get off the train and walk through the shopping center to the hotel.  The hotel also has a very good breakfast if you get it included with your room.  I read in the hotel information book the executive lounge, it doesn't mention any special permissions required for access, however I could not get in.  When I asked the front desk they said it is not included with my room.  Hopefully when I return in a couple weeks I can get into it.  Other reviewers have mentioned small rooms, I found my room size to be more than adequate.  The bed was comfortable, and the overall cleanliness of the hotel was acceptable.  If you are checking arriving to London in the early morning hours.  Get your hotel reservation…",Date of stay: July 2019,3.0
244,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or245-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Great location, not very helpful staff and breakfast request is not as per advertised.","I requested full breakfast for the room and the email request said 15 pounds per night, not 15 pound per person when i check with the reception. Is this false advertisement? Also given i am the silver member, my request for late check out is only granted until 1pm and any late check out will be charged 25 pounds per hour. Sounds like ripe off?!!! Not very happy.",Date of stay: July 2019,1.0
245,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or250-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Great location, helpful staff, great experience overall on a family trip. Our special request was honored.","Easy checkin, executive lounge offered a nice variety at breakfast, tons of restaurants within walkable distance. Easy trip to airport via Heathrow express from Paddington station just outside the hotel doors",Date of stay: July 2019,5.0
246,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or250-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Fix the Air Conditioning,"Recently stayed at hotel. On check in to our room, noticed the aircon was on, and the room was cold. We tried to run it off, but to no avail. We reported to the hotel management, who then arranged for house keeping to check. The unit was faulty and unable to be turned off, and no maintenance staff were available to fix. We were not offered an alternate room, and endured a very cold night. We complained to the management and the best they offered was a free drink. Very poor experience from a room that was over $500 for the night",Date of stay: July 2019,3.0
247,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or250-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Location Outstanding,"The benefit is the location, efficient staff, clean and quiet rooms, but limited dining and out-dated bar.  Did not think this location exhibited Hilton standards.  The door men were most helpful.  The desk clerks were just doing a job.",Date of stay: July 2019,3.0
248,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or250-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Fix the elevators,"Convenient hotel and I stay here about two weekends a month.  I’ve been staying here a lot since January 2019 and it’s July 2019 now.  They have only had two of four elevators working since then and it take a long time in the mornings to get down stairs. I can understand it being down for repairs, but seven months on half the elevators is rediculous.",Date of stay: July 2019,4.0
249,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or250-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Hilton Paddington Stay,The Hilton Paddington is a beautiful hotel and excellent place to stay.  It sits above the metro and train stations making it fantastically convenient!  The staff and the amenities are excellent ... a perfect place to stay when in London!,Date of stay: July 2019,5.0
250,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or255-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Friendly Staff great location but farther from main touristy areas,"I didn't realize when booking but this hotel is connected to Paddington Station. If you are flying in or out of Heathrow, it can't get more convenient. The express train from Heathrow goes directly to Paddington Station. It's easy to get anywhere by the Underground or the Taxi stand directly in front of the hotel. Plenty of restaurants and shops in walking distance. It's not in the middle of the tourist areas like the London Eye or Westminister Abby or the Tower of London and Tower Bridge so if you have those stops on your list for multiple days, it might not be the best. But it's rather close to Hyde Park, Marble Arch and Buckingham Palace. The rooms were spacious and the bedding was extremely comfortable. The buffet was included in our price for the stay. If you are going to…",Date of stay: July 2019,5.0
251,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or255-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Expensive,Great location for travel to Heathrow and access to underground. Room large for London standard. 12 pm checkout. Lift service acceptable but no stairs obvious from 2nd floor. Should be better for this price. ,Date of stay: July 2019,3.0
252,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or255-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Business trip,I stayed here for 2 nights on a conference and enjoyed my stay . Hotel clean and comfortable and staff helpful and good customer service. The food was enjoyable and although I never left the hotel the location to the airport was ideal .,Date of stay: July 2019,4.0
253,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or255-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Visiting friend & Touring London ,"My son express his appreciation for the quality of service provided to him while staying at the hotel.  His room was comfortable, beautiful and the cleanliness was excellent, but unfortunately there was not free internet and the hotel does not tell him on the arrival that the internet counts on him therefore he was charged £25 or more unless there is something mistake which without any doubt hotel manager response with some valid explanations.  On the other hand, he wants to thank Mohamed and Mustafa for the good service and service.   My son will definitely recommend the hotel to our family and friends.",Date of stay: July 2019,4.0
254,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or255-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Great location, lovely staff,  stylish hotel",The hotel is is a fantastic loacation if you are using Paddington Station. Rooms are clean and comfortable and we loved the Art Deco style. Breakfast was great with plenty of choice and very attentive and helpful staff especially Adrian Johnson. I specifically asked for his name as I was so impressed with his service.,Date of stay: June 2019,5.0
255,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or260-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"This hotel is dirty and over priced, receptionist was rude and totally obnoxious","I have been a loyal Hilton customer for about 30 years now. I stayed here for one night on the 25th of June this year. I had originally booked to leave on Friday(3 nights). When I discovered the room rate for the first night had gone up I tried to cancel my booking was told very rudely by the receptionist that I could not do this. He was very unprofessional and rude. The room was dirty and the hotel needs a LOT of maintenance. I checked out the following day to the Hilton in another part of London which was about 70 pounds cheaper, better maintained and in a much better part of town. The service, staff and hotel leave a lot to be desired. They are living on past glory. This used to be a decent well run Hilton which I had enjoyed on all my previous stays hence my desire to remain…",Date of stay: June 2019,2.0
256,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or260-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Good location,"This hotel literally is above the train station which is a great location for doing all the tourist stuff.  Clean hotel and friendly staff.  Quiet location, you don't hear the trains. Hop on, hop off bus in only one block away.  Hyde Park is within walking distance.",Date of stay: May 2019,4.0
257,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or260-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Mixed Bag,"The best parts of the hotel are the location and the Executive Lounge. The worst parts are the staff and the lifts.   First the good... so convenient at Paddington Station with easy access to almost all of London at your doorstep. The Executive Lounge is open long hours, almost always with at least small bites of food available.   Now the not-so-good. With the exception of the first person who checked us in, everyone else was either flat or unpleasant.    The worst part was asking for an extra bed (for the next night), then 4 times again the next day until after midnight! Lifts were slow all the time, and with no service lift that we could see, were being used to move tables and chairs up and down for weddings both weekend days.   Wish I could say better things and recommend you…",Date of stay: June 2019,3.0
258,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or260-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Good Centrally Located Hotel,"Visited London as a birthday weekend for my husband.  Having travelled from Edinburgh we arrived too early for official check in but having spoken to Arjun on the front desk, he managed to get a room for us (this was at approx 11am). We were not expecting to check in at this time but were extremely grateful for this as it allowed us to freshen up before going out for the day.   The room was quiet and nicely decorated - maybe could do with a bit of an upgrade but clean, comfortable and had everything you would need.  We didn’t eat in the hotel so can’t comment on quality of food.  A big issue with the hotel is that out of the three lifts only one was working which meant you had to wait an age for it. Apparently their is an issue with the maintenance company but I would expect a…",Date of stay: June 2019,3.0
259,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or260-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Good location but needs a little TLC,"Have stayed several times at the Hilton London Paddington. It has a great location adjacent to the underground and the Heathrow Express. I must say that the last visit left me a little disappointed. There was rust around the shower, the carpet was stained and torn, and the evening happy hour was very poor. There were two generic wines (no other choices) and 3 kinds of spirits (gin, vodka, whiskey) with very limited mixers. The included breakfast was barely better. Very few choices and fairly low quality food.  The room was spacious and the bed was excellent, but for the price I paid, I expected much better. I don't know if they are anticipating a remodel, hence letting the maintenance go, but I expected better. Not sure if I will stay there next time in London, even with the…",Date of stay: June 2019,3.0
260,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or265-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Convenient Location,Can not beat the location for travelers.  The room was fine and spacious enough for our family of four.  Our biggest complaint was the very inconsistent hot water. Would have expected better from this hotel.,Date of stay: June 2019,3.0
261,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or265-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Strange encounter ,"I live out of hotels and hop around a lot so I mostly book at the desk or last minute.   I entered this hotel to stay but first needed to use the bathroom as I was coming from a long journey, so I asked the first man in a suite; “where’s the lobby bathroom?” He responded with a serious “are you currently a guest at the hotel?” Not expecting this response I said not at the moment no, he then responded with “the bathroom is for guests only” - I said ok and laughed silently. In a very confrontational mood and looking angry at us he said, “Is there something funny” looking me straight in the face, so I said “it’s alright and started walking out” he walks along side me and says, “I said it’s only to guest and you laugh what is so funny,” We both felt rather threatened by this fellow…",Date of stay: June 2019,1.0
262,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or265-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Convenient,"We where looking for a ""day"" hotel (check in at 9 am - check out 5 pm) as we had a 12 hour lay over in London for our trip and this fit the bill very well, being the terminus point for the Heathrow Express train. Begin a frequent visitor of Hilton hotels, they treated us well from checkin to check out. The room served its propose for rest and refresh after the flight from the US. It was compact and somewhat dated as many hotels in London are. The location was very convenient and probably the biggest appeal for our stay. I would choose this hotel again when I'm in town. PS: I liked the fact that i was able to book the Hilton website direct, by closing the same day for check in and check out - not all hotel sites have this option.",Date of stay: June 2019,4.0
263,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or265-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,A total waste of money,I booked this hotel to attend a wedding in London earlier this month. The reception staff were awful. Never offered to help us struggle with our luggage to the 7th floor via 2 lifts and a number of corridors despite the fact that I had requested a lower floor. My wife lost her way and went back to reception and was simply told the same thing. No offer to help her find the room.   The room had a leak and damp carpet from what appeared to be a rotten ceiling (see photos). We told reception about this the following morning as we left to attend the wedding. On return it was obvious that nothing had been done so I called reception and they told me they knew nothing about it. The following day I met a hotel maintenance worker in the corridor and assumed that he was coming to sort out…,Date of stay: June 2019,1.0
264,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or265-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Very disappointed,"My wife and I selected this hotel for its location and this cannot be faulted. The reception we received when checking in, was unfriendly and curt and the gentleman failed to recognise or respond to our Hilton Honours Gold Status. The room that we were allocated was on the 5th floor was perfectly adequate - nothing special and rather small and had a view of a nearby wall.  But here the problems started. Only one of the three elevators [lifts] was operational, causing long queues and considerable inconvenience. Looking at previousTA reviews, this problem had been going on for a week or so. To say that this is unacceptable for a prestigious 5 * London hotel, is an understatement! That evening, we returned from seeing a show around 2300 hrs, and intended to have a nightcap in the…",Date of stay: June 2019,2.0
265,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or270-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,WHAT A DIVE!!,"So had dinner and drinks as we were meeting our friends who are over from the States!! They thought it would be convenient to stay here as it’s some what easy to travel from Heathrow!! How wrong were they!! We ate dinner which was like it had been frozen and reheated and the chicken was still cold in the middle, NOT good Paddington!! Decor is soo dated and when paying so much, you expect more!! If you want to travel back in time to 1982 then this is the place, if you don’t......Avoid it as there are plenty of other wonderful hotels nearby.",Date of stay: June 2019,1.0
266,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or270-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great Location & Breakfast,"Stayed here due to a conference nearby. Location is great, just near a tube station, and there are restaurants close at hand. Hotel itself was clean and tidy, and the breakfast was suberb! I had a quiet room facing the courtyard. One suggestion to the process though; express checkout is and should be the industry standard, but please have the system send the invoice automatically to guest's email address.",Date of stay: June 2019,4.0
267,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or270-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Only one lift functioning! Enough to merit one star,"I have stayed at the Hilton London Paddington a few times before. It’s convenient access to Heathrow, as well as it’s great executive lounge, generously sized rooms, and overall friendly staff has always been the reason for me to keep coming back. However, it’s funny how none of this matters when there is not enough lift capacity to meet the demand of the hotel.   Now, this is a very large hotel, especially by London standards. As it is, having three lifts for the main part of the hotel can leas to some backlog and queuing. However, when only one lift is functional for the entire hotel, it lead to (without exaggeration) 25 minute waits at time just to get a lift.  What could the hotel have done? They could’ve informed me when I checked in. I would have requested a second floor…",Date of stay: June 2019,1.0
268,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or270-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Lovely hotel, but really let down in the details","if you’re visiting London via Heathrow, this is one of the most convenient hotel choices available, due to its Paddington station location. The Heathrow Express is right there. There’s a lot to like about the facilities, the rooms are well laid out, there’s a decent buffet breakfast, and the staff are very friendly. But our stay was unfortunately let down by three rather big moments of negligence. First we were greeted at check-in with the news that our reservation had been canceled — despite receiving advance payment. Awkward, but solvable. It was quite unwelcoming. Then, two of the three elevators were out of action during our entire 5-day stay, resulting in constant backups and delays. We heard that the hotel had switched to a cheaper maintenance company. I wonder if they’ll…",Date of stay: June 2019,3.0
269,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or270-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Good, Just Short of Great","Overall this was a very good stay.  Specifics:  The Good - For Hilton Hhonors members, there is a very nice Concierge Lounge that provides full breakfast and an evening spread that can suffice as a light dinner.  Drinks are available at all times. - The rooms in the Tower wing are very nice, modern and ample. (my friend stayed in the main wing and was very disappointed in his room compared to mine; not updated, small, and tired.  So be sure and ask to be put in the Tower wing). Location, just outside Paddington station so extremely convenient when going to/from Heathrow airport on the express train. The hotel has a connection straight into the station so that you can avoid the weather.   - Location is also good and within walking distance of Hyde Park, and Marble Arch.  A bit…",Date of stay: June 2019,4.0
270,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or275-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,A Nice Hotel But...,"Basically this is a good hotel. The rooms are just fine, the service is usually very friendly and efficient and it is very well placed for Australians travelling to London. (I say this because the Australian flights usually get you into Heathrow mid afternoon and with the excellent train service between Heathrow and Paddington, you can be in your room by 5 pm, ready for an early dinner and then an early night to efficiently sleep off the jet lag  that has resulted from a 20 hour flight). For this reason,as we've stayed here quite a few times and enjoyed consistently good accommodation, it's usually our 'go-to', when we are travelling to London.  I like the style of the hotel. It's one of the 'grand' old railway hotels, built for 'upper crust' passengers in the 1850s by the Great…",Date of stay: June 2019,3.0
271,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or275-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Pretty good hotel ,Great location for Paddington station and lounge overlooks the concourse.  Rooms are a good size in the towers so ask for them if you haven’t booked.    Had a GWR tower room which was nice but didn’t have much of a view.  The room was clean and comfortable and almost completely soundproof which was great.   It’s a bit of a maze walking round the hotel but it pretty much ticks all the boxes.  One of the best Hilton’s in London by far. ,Date of stay: June 2019,4.0
272,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or275-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Not good,I stayed here for a conference and then some sightseeing after and there were multiple issues:  1. There were 3 elevators but only one was working and even then it was painfully slow. I was on the 4th floor and I normally took the steps since it was way faster.  2. The shower in the room had poor pressure and temperature control. It would be fine and then one minute later it would be scalding hot.  3. The air conditioner in the room could barely keep the room cool and this is London so it wasn’t even hot outside.  4. The guy who checked me in who was apparently a manager tried to charge me extra for breakfast even though it was included in the room. Luckily I caught this as I was checking out and they corrected it.   Other than that the rooms were nice enough and breakfast was…,Date of stay: June 2019,2.0
273,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or275-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,1 working elevator - really?? And no A/C,"This is a busy hotel - on the outside very much a nice Hilton property. I stayed here a year ago - and again just now. Both times, one of 3 elevators (slow, I might add) is in operation. And the wait is looong.  Also - as a business hotel, I have grown to expect USB ports at the bedside table - or at least an outlet to plug one in. Nope, not here.  Comfortable, quiet, and a professional staff as would be expected.    Greats location for the Heathrow Express.  ",Date of stay: June 2019,3.0
274,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or275-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Hilton London Paddington ,"Location Location Location! This is 15minutes from Heathrow airport on the express train. There are representatives selling tickets as soon as you head towards the trains. Buy your round trip tickets. This hotel is literally attached to this station which is a gorgeous station. There is also a Starbucks attached, and downstairs next to the station is a grocery market with amazing fresh food, a food court with all kinds of food. Our stay included a full breakfast buffet which was a full spree and accommodated my food allergy, thank you Cynthia! Tiago made sure our dining experience was wonderful. The concierge was very helpful getting us tickets for the Book of Mormons. (One note as we were not aware is you must insert your room key into the slot by the door as you enter for the…",Date of stay: June 2019,5.0
275,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or280-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Tired, rundown and in need of some tlc and a lift engineer!","This is a one star hotel  masquerading as a five star. Reception is drab, of the four lifts I’ve tried so far, only one is working and for a hotel of this size that is unacceptable.It’s a regular problem as it’s occurred before when we’ve stayed. Carpets are stained, threadbare and the rooms badly need modernising. This hotel has only one thing going for it and that is convenience for Paddington station, even that advantage can’t compensate for the £200-300/night this hotel regularly charges. There are plenty of better value hotels in London and close to Paddington ",Date of stay: June 2019,1.0
276,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or280-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Worst customer service,"Hilton used to have a much better customer service, who at least appeared to be trying to help. The check in team here just doesn’t care. Or they are just incompetent. Either way, will not be coming back.",Date of stay: June 2019,1.0
277,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or280-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Excellent location, Old world charm","Lovely old world charm and right on Paddington station. But if your looking for a modern hotel with lifts that work, hot water that runs at constant temperature and toilets that flush easily. Then give this place a miss. But if your looking for old world charm with a excellent location and great bar. then give this place a try.",Date of stay: May 2019,4.0
278,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or280-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Don’t bother,Yes this is supposedly a Hilton hotel. The one that has been lost by its supposedly lower grade sister hotels outdoing it on every level. Where to start honestly. Rooms old fashioned and not upto par. Staff unhelpful at every level. If I complain of something I’d like it fixing not a blank face of ignorance honestly it would be nice to actually feel wanted in your hotel.   Don’t Get me wrong it’s convenient to Paddington but at 12.15 at the Hilton in London you can’t even get a drink but I can get a toothbrush!!!  Never again ! Stay at the Chilworth down the road ! They’ll actually be polite ! ,Date of stay: June 2019,1.0
279,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or280-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,A good base,"Paddington Bear is the best thing to come from this station but the hotel isn’t a far off second.  The146 Paddington bar is good with a range of gins, but avoid the Carriages restaurant which has no atmosphere and poor food. The rooms are good for a London hotel.  And the staff are friendly and helpful.",Date of stay: May 2019,4.0
280,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or285-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Average ,"Standard Hilton Hotel, due to location pricely expensive. Gym is very limited and old fashioned machines. Three elevators-only one in use. Takes more than ten minutes. Showers can’t be really selected between warm and cold. ",Date of stay: June 2019,2.0
281,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or285-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Among the most convenient and well appointed hotels in London.  Easy access to the Tube, rail and Heathrow Express.","While it is a hike to the Tower, the updated rooms and comfort are worth the effort.  Access to the Executive Lounge is worth the expense; the staff there are among the best of the 42 Lounges that I have experienced.",Date of stay: June 2019,5.0
282,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or285-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,I booked directly with the hotel for 11 days.,"On day 1, I should have moved to any other hotel. As we open the room door I met the plumber caring away my shower equipment, saying he would be right back! After lunch we returned to the room and the shower had been totally repaired/replaced.  Later that same day I went to shower and found only very hot water. I called down and the plumber arrived. We left for dinner and when I returned the shower was now working like normal.  Our room 547 was in a wing of only six floors. The elevator bank of three elevators, of which for my entire ten day stay only two worked...and those two were the slowest ever seen.  The room at 400 USD per night was very tired and not in keeping with Hilton standard. I had stay at Hilton Garden Inns with better rooms.  The was one very redeeming fact; the…",Date of stay: May 2019,2.0
283,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or285-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,No hot water,Are you kidding me?  This is London.  You need hit water.  The maintenance guy came to the room and said just let it run and it'll get hot.  It never did.  I've stayed here before but no hot water is a deal-breaker.  Never again will I stay here.,Date of stay: June 2019,1.0
284,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or285-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Less Than Satisfactory Responsiveness,I normally wouldn't put this kind of review on TripAdvisor but I didn't receive a Hilton rating request - I would have preferred to keep it between me and the property. Previous stays here have been good but on this occasion there was an issue and after about four tries and more than 24 hours trying to resolve I finally asked to speak to the manager on duty and she did resolve the big issue by moving us to another room. However when we first called they sent maintenance who then seemly did nothing and the next morning when we checked they said maintenance had a note saying it was resolved but it wasn't. Maintenance again came and as we weren't going out for the daytime they'll said they would work on it but when we returned it was again not resolved and there's was no note on…,Date of stay: June 2019,2.0
285,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or290-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Unprofessional, Standards have hit rock bottom","I have stayed in this hotel twice. However, the experience during my recent stay 28 May to 2 June, was absolutely terrible. I booked a GWR room and was allocated room 2410. The GWR rooms are located at another wing and coincidentally, the elevator was out of service. Therefore, I had to take the general elevator to 2nd floor and drag my luggages to the GWR wing and take another elevator to the 4th floor where the room was allocated. Please take into account that one has to carry the luggages down a flight of 3 steps and push open a heavy door (probably due to fire precautions). On arrival, I had discovered the bedsheet was stained and the coffee machine had remaining water from previous occupant not cleared off. These were reported to housekeeping manager and they had these…",Date of stay: June 2019,1.0
286,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or290-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Room hot and stuffy,My room Was very hot I went to reception to report hot room but nothing happened then tried ringing the housekeeping 10 times however no one would answer the phone so I could not report my hot rooom problems. Hotel is next to Heathrow express which is very co didn’t ,Date of stay: June 2019,3.0
287,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or290-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Location, location, location ","This is a three star trying to hit above its belt as a four star.  It’s fine and the location is superb.  Be aware that if you ask Google to take you there, it takes you outside the train station and that is not necessary.  There is a door inside the station, but it is hard to find.  The rooms are large for the UK, but you pay for it.  They are generally worn and beware the sizzle of the hotel - it took me a loooong time to walk to my room.  The best part is the easy walk to the LHR express train early the next morning.  Stay here, but manage your expectations.  ",Date of stay: June 2019,3.0
288,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or290-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Good Location,The Paddington Hilton was certainly convenient after arriving on the Heathrow Express. Taxis and The Tube easy to find and use from this location. Room was nice though heard the noisy neighbors late at night. WiFi service is excellent and much appreciated. Front desk and concierge staff were kind and helpful.,Date of stay: May 2019,4.0
289,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or290-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Nice Room But Poor Maintenance and Service,"We stayed in a Tower Room which was quite nice -- quiet, spacious and very well appointed with great decor and top-notch finishes.  It's also convenient given that it's adjacent to the station where the Heathrow Express trains arrive, easily accessible while fully under cover so it will be comfortable rain, shine, snow or cold.    However, more attention must be paid by the staff to both maintenance issues and to complaints by guests when issues are brought to the staff's attention.  We stayed for several days, and just after checking into our room noticed three significant problems.  We were promised that they would be fixed immediately, but they were not.  We reminded staff the next day and one of the problems was fixed several hours later.  The second problem became so severe…",Date of stay: May 2019,3.0
290,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or295-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Convenient but better Hiltons in London,"We stayed here as we have just had a baby and wanted somewhere easily accessible from the Heathrow Express. The location scores top marks for convenience for Heathrow - it is even easier and quicker to get to the terminal than many of the hotels located at the airport itself if you take the Heathrow Express.  However the hotel is old and tired and badly in need of a renovation. The carpets in the rooms and corridors look grotty, the bathroom had damp stains on the ceilings and the archaic tap system for bath/shower combos. The shower had terrible water pressure that felt like a trickle and we could never achieve a decent temperature in it so ended up using the bath.   We only ate breakfast in the hotel and it was a poor selection.   Overall we would not stay here again as the…",Date of stay: June 2019,2.0
291,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or295-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Room dated, great location ","Like many others I chose this hotel for its location. I found it difficult to find as there was limited signage. For the price I had expected a more modern room. There was a huge hole in the carpet, the charging port was not working, and the room had very poor air circulation. I woke up hot and feeling claustrophobic. I had hoped for a relaxing lounge experience but unfortunately the fire alarm went off and all guests were subject to a mandatory evacuation. From what I saw of the mayhem, and complete lack of direction or leadership from hotel staff I’m hoping the fire alarm was a false alarm. There are lots of other hotels in the area. I’d probably select one of those during my next visit.",Date of stay: June 2019,2.0
292,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or295-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Nice Hotel, Conveniently Located",Room was nice enough.  We had a two night stay beginning our CIE tour there.  Nice breakfast buffet with wide variety of choices.  Main problem was my room was HOT.  The first night I did not sleep well because of it.  No way to adjust A/C.  I spoke to a manager the next day who called right away with me standing there.  No relief the next night.  Thank goodness I had some sleep medication with me.  I was not the only person on my tour who had this problem.,Date of stay: May 2019,3.0
293,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or295-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"A+ for Location, otherwise needs improvement","We had a 6-night stay May 2019.  We chose this hotel due solely because we had to catch the 5:40 am Heathrow Express from Paddington station in order to make our 8:30 am flight home.  Delighted to find that the hotel is attached to the Paddington rail station and the Paddington underground stop, making for the easiest possible navigation.  In that respect, this hotel can't be beat for location, and is especially convenient for first-time visitors to London who otherwise wouldn't be as comfortable using London's transportation.  For getting around the city, this is as easy as it gets.  The rear exit of the hotel opens directly into Paddington station itself, offering numerous retail choices including two produce stores and many quick service restaurants.  We picked up breakfast…",Date of stay: May 2019,3.0
294,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or295-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Nice Enough,"We had a good stay for three days.  We had a little issue with no A/C in our first room.  We were moved to another room after I spoke with a Manager Mouhhamed. He indicated they were having issues with the A/C.  The lounge was good,I was concerned when I heard about another lounge closing earlier this month.  The lounge wasn’t overly crowded.  Johanna was great!  Food offerings were good  The location can’t be beat for training in/out of London.  There is good tube connections also.",Date of stay: May 2019,4.0
295,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or300-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Good Hotel, Great Location","Needed to overnight in London on our way home, and chose this hotel due to its proximity to the Heathrow Express train. You can walk from the train to the hotel in just a few steps without going outside, and it is easy to haul your luggage to/from the train to the hotel.  Our room was on the 4th floor. It was large and well appointed, but needed a bit of updating. The carpet needed repair and the bathroom had been cleaned so many times some of the finishes had been rubbed off.  Also, as others have said, the elevators are painfully slow and the air conditioning needs coaxing to get the room nice and cool.  Breakfast, however, was both excellent and plentiful. We would not hesitate to stay here again. ",Date of stay: May 2019,4.0
296,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or300-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Unsatisfactory experience,"We stayed two nights. As Honors Diamond members we were disappointed with the check in process. Our room was not ready and instead of offering us another room, we were told to keep on checking with the front desk (instead of them notifying us via phone or text). The elevators are the slowest we have ever experienced. The room had a big brown stain on the ceiling above the bed. The a/c was not cold enough despite two requests to repair it. Not able to contact front desk or operator via telephone, was told that this was due to Sunday understaffing. Went down to meet the MOD with no results. Cannot recommend this property.",Date of stay: May 2019,2.0
297,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or300-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Mr kieran,"We had a really pleasant experience due to the friendly bar staff. They were all so nice and got us drinks at quick pace. I would give 5 stars to the service and I would like to mention all the Italian men that were so welcoming. Lead by a great leader Christian and his team Christian, Andrea and William. Thank you ",Date of stay: May 2019,5.0
298,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or300-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,An Extremely Poor Experience!,"We booked for a family room and adjoining standard room for our family of 5, which we confirmed the day before arriving.  The reservations team did not make note of our request and at check in we were downgraded to 2 adjoining standard rooms. There was no offer for a refund for the downgrade.  In addition, the reception gave us the incorrect WiFi password.    On arrival in the room, the plugs at the study table, the tv remote and the Aircon did not work and we’re not repaired during the entirety of our stay though I raised this with the front desk.   The Hilton offer an extremely poor level of service and there is simply no attention to repairs and maintenance in the rooms.",Date of stay: May 2019,1.0
299,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or300-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Older, Established and oh so convenient for the traveler / business venturer","Booked several nights here at this location for the convenience to Paddington Station.   This part of a week long family vacation of London and Bath, and we are so glad I booked this location. booked 2 rooms.   Disclaimer; I am a lifetime elite status member of Hilton (and other programs).  I travel quite a lot for my profession, but during this trip, I used a mix of Points and Cash to get rooms at this location.   Oh the ease to the platforms.  Love how this property is right next to the Paddington station, so easy access to the TFL / National Rail and Underground.  So easy, that we were able leverage the TFL Heathrow Express, the Underground and the GWR rail for our stay. (used the GWR rail to take the train to Bath UK).   The property is old and the rooms are a bit 90ish, but…",Date of stay: May 2019,4.0
300,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or305-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Lovely,One of my favourite hotels. Worth paying extra for an executive room as this gives access to the lounge where breakfast and snacks are available. We had asked for an extra bed in the room for our son but this hadn't been sorted by 22.30 when we returned from the theatre. So once more to reception where it was finally put right but this did take the edge off our stay. Apart from this a lovely visit. ,Date of stay: May 2019,4.0
301,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or305-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Perfect location,"Selected the hotel because it was a Hilton & located at Paddington Station. The location was perfect for us. Had executive lounge access and that made the stay even better. The lounge was never very crowded, the food and beverages were excellent. Breakfast menu didn’t change but that’s minor. I don’t understand the baked beans at breakfast, though. Staff and the facility were excellent.   Only problem involved the room temperature. Couldn’t adjust it. Set at 25.5C and I think that converts to close to 80F. It was never fixed.  Would stay at Hilton Paddington again.",Date of stay: May 2019,4.0
302,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or305-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Does what is says on the tin...,"If any one stays here for any reason other than the location, I would be happy to hear about it. It is a box standard Hilton, with the benefit of being located right next to Paddington Station. Staff was nice enough, room very typical Hilton (nothing unusual or worth mentioning) other than the fact that it was cold, and for some reason there is no central heating in the room. Staff was nice enough to bring me an electrical heater.",Date of stay: May 2019,3.0
303,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or305-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Best Sauna in London ,"I will start saying this hotel is located on a great location, next to Paddington Station. If you come from Heathrow and use the express train, it is perfect. There is even an access from the station to the hotel lobby.   We use to stay in Hilton hotels all over the world as my husband travels a lot through work and is a Diamond member. We like the perks of use of the executive lounge and free breakfast, and the Hilton  hospitality.   My husband landed before me and managed to check in early, which was great. We asked for a family room and an extra bed to be put for our daughter. By the time I arrived early afternoon, no beds or extra towels were in the room. The receptionist didn’t make an effort to smile or say “welcome”. Grumpy mood type of reception!   Then the air…",Date of stay: May 2019,2.0
304,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or305-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Awesome staff and overall experience!,"We stayed at the London Paddington for our London leg of our Europe trip and absolutely loved this hotel! It was super clean, in a prime location, and met our every need. The staff was beyond amazing and we especially loved the restaurant and bar staff including Silvion, Moses, and Preston!!",Date of stay: May 2019,5.0
305,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or310-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great Location but Loud!!,"The location and convenience factor of this hotel was great.  Not only was it super great being able to come straight here on the Heathrow Express, but everyday we were right next to multiple Underground lines.  The only downside of being in a hotel which is right next to the Underground is that it is super noisy at night.  Maybe that's just due to the location of our room, but all night we heard sirens, trains rumbling through, warning noises, etc.  Hilton should invest better soundproofing into their rooms - if you visit here, bring earplugs!!  Other than that, helpful reception staff.  I had a bad experience in the restaurant/bar, so I wouldn't recommend that.  Otherwise, great location and convenience for the price.",Date of stay: May 2019,4.0
306,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or310-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Amazing location and staff,"Immediate hats off to Virginia who checked me in, she was so kind and helpful. Additionally, the staff in lounge and bell stand.  The location cannot be better. It’s essentially attached to Paddington station.  The reason for my miss of a star is related to the intensely hot gym (zero air), air condition in room that would not cool the room, towels that are very old and tough, lastly elevator speed. Individual items that wouldn’t make an impact however when combined does slightly lessen quality.  Overall, it was a great stay ",Date of stay: May 2019,4.0
307,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or310-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Conveniently Located,"My stay at Hilton London Paddington was nice.  Hotel staff was courteous.  My room was located in the Tower Wing.  It had a modern appeal to it...nicely decorated.   Walking to my room was like walking through a maze (the walk helped me stay alert and aware of my surroundings).  I appreciated Hilton London Paddington being located near tube station with access to several lines routing throughout London.  Very conveniently located.    Using the Heathrow Express train, my ride between Heathrow Airport and Hilton London Paddington went very well...straight, direct ride.  I purchased express train tickets in advance and had no problems (can also purchase at airport). The restaurant located in the hotel served good food.  Also, Paddington Station has many options to grab a quick…",Date of stay: February 2019,4.0
308,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or310-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Don’t visit when a conference is here,"Unfortunately we visited the Hilton for our morning coffee on the last day of our honeymoon.  I don’t go in for posting bad reviews and this is not a reflection on the quality of service or staff however -  All was exceptional until ‘screaming, whooping and hollering’ from upstairs could be heard. Apparently a Microsoft conference. All before 930am.  Whilst I appreciate that hotel businesses need this type of event it’s not great for their other customers in the hotel to hear when they are trying to relax. I’d advise visitors to check before visiting if this type of ‘excitement’ bothers you.  It spoilt the experience somewhat for us and with a lot of choice around we probably won’t be back soon, which is a shame.  If the hotel could do something to ensure hear events are out of…",Date of stay: May 2019,2.0
309,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or310-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Disppointing,Very disappointing - staff was not very informative. Hotel had no air conditioning. Left hotel and returned late to try and sleep. Was very uncomfortable stay at a prime located property. Do not expect this type of poor service and lack of interest in telling guests what was happening and when the problem would be resolved.   ,Date of stay: May 2019,2.0
310,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or315-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Wonderful Stay,"A fabulous stay , this hotel is extremely conveniently located . The room was well appointed , clean , comfortable and quiet .  Breakfast was great and every one do helpful . Joanna from Greece in the executive lounge and her colleague were an absolute delight . Worked so hard and so friendly to every one . A real asset . Management were welcoming and interactive . All in all a wonderful stay .",Date of stay: May 2019,5.0
311,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or315-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"it's ok, but.....","First, the positives:  *Location-wise, it's great to have the Paddington Station right across the street. *I found the Executive Lounge the best part of the hotel, you can watch the hustle and bustle of Paddington while you enjoy great snacks/drinks, and a great breakfast.  Everyone in the lounge were super nice.   *Check-in was easy  However.....  *I found the decor way outdated, It reminded me of some of the older Hampton Inn properties in the states. The HVAC system was terrible, I could not get the room to 18C but tried many times, it stayed at 25C so it was miserable hot in the room (to me) for my 2 night stay. *Privacy - I took a nap after a long flight when I arrived, and even with the Do Not Disturb sign on the door was bothered once by a gentleman who had to fill the…",Date of stay: May 2019,3.0
312,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or315-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Great location, are deco in common areas but room disappointing","We chose this hotel based on its location and the fact we are HiltonHonors members. The location didn’t disappoint, easy connection/short walk from Heathrow/Paddington train, reasonable restaurants in the area, great tube & bus transport at the door. We were disappointed however with the “rabbit warren” room floors, overheated common areas, small room, old dusty smell, slow lifts and dirty net curtains looking out to a view of white walls. For the money we paid and in comparison to other Hilton hotels we’ve stayed in, I couldn’t look past the dusty & dirty curtains. Sorry Hilton, we choose your hotels before most others, but this one lets you down in terms of housekeeping. Maybe Hilton Metropole would have been more suitable?",Date of stay: May 2019,3.0
313,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or315-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Hilton Paddington first stay...,"Lifetime Hilton Diamond here- this place fits the bill.  Very nice, classic property.  Room was very clean and well appointed.  As with many older European facilities, the lifts were a challenge.  Nonetheless, a very nice stay. In particular, Joanna at the Executive Lounge was a noteworthy and exemplary team player.  It was not so much how well I myself felt under her warm, kind, and attentive nature but it was observing her interactions with *other* guests and their reactions to her welcoming and genuinely caring demeanor that drew my keen attention.   Not too many people can maintain such a keen professional approach whilst, at the same time, having their clients soften like butter in their palms.",Date of stay: May 2019,4.0
314,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or315-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Good stay but a bit upsetting at times,"Stayed at hotel as, I had a health conference.  A few issues before stay as transferred to a company in USA about free points, on telephone for half an hour! Telephoned 19 times to check booking, cut off most of the calls.  However, Mohammed duty manager was most kind and helpful and upgrmy room to an executive room/lounge, which was very kind. After checking in, I was pleased with my room, a few issues that need to be updated (photos not attached as, already given to hotel to deal with and correct).  I happened to look in the mini bar as, anyone would do, not that I wanted anything but, saw a Paddington mug, so picked it up to look at, but felt it was highly priced and put it back.  I popped out to the Science museum and return to the Executive lounge, a lovely area with…",Date of stay: April 2019,4.0
315,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or320-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Mr,"This is a former 4 star hotel know for good service, at a strategic location in London, despite the fact that the rooms are old and may need to be renovated. However, today at breakfast, a certain staff by the name Jessica went beyound her limit is to humiliate and insult a hotel guest who came down to simply have breakfast. It is a pity that this guest checked out at once in utter disappointment. The staff did not see it necessary to apologise to the guest and kept lying, also, proviking the guest even more. If this lady continues insulting and humilatimg guests who come to simply have breakfast, then, more guests will leave and somebody may even sue her/the hotel.",Date of stay: May 2019,1.0
316,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or320-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Excellent Location, Poor Service","I stayed in this hotel in April 2019 in a business trip.  The location is excellent. You are in the middle of everything in regards to transportation, restaurants and shopping.  The hotel is quite busy at that time, and they do not appear to be coping well in this type of situation, as we had to wait for a long time to check in, despite the fact that I''m an Honor member. Many of my colleagues managed to get a room while I had to wait and check every now and then on the progress of my room. I had to go to another receptionist who then immediately gave me my room key.  They asked for a deposit as all hotels do, but do not make the same mistake I had done. Do not use your credit card, use cash for the deposit. If you pay in cash, you'll receive it back if there are no expenses…",Date of stay: April 2019,3.0
317,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or320-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Memorable stay ,"Fantastic location at Paddington station, this hotel has 2 tower suites, I was really lucky to stay with my family in one of them with a big terrace, and nice view, spacious clean room, huge sitting area with all amenities provided, excellent service and staff were very helpful especially the concierge MOURAD who did all what he could to make our stay special, the breakfast was excellent . We did enjoy our stay at this hotel.  I will definitely book again next time Hilton Paddington and recommend it to family and friends .",Date of stay: December 2018,5.0
318,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or320-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Tired, poor value, ridiculous taxi set up. ","The last time I stayed here I was put into an adjoining room where I heard every detail of every phone call of the adjoining room occupant. Plus I couldn’t lock the adjoining room from my side. (Note to Hilton: that’s why my room furniture was re-arranged). The room was also by the entrance to a different section of the hotel accommodations where, in their infinite wisdom, the hotel have decided to furnish the corridor floor with stylish tiles. This inevitably means that unless guests staying in the other section of the hotel are ninjas, throughout the night you are woken up as people clatter past the room and negotiate the steps.  Anyway, enough of last time and on to this time. It’s definitely a hotel of convenience and location is everything so I guess they don’t have to try…",Date of stay: May 2019,2.0
319,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or320-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Excellent stay; room dated,"I stayed two nights at this very conveniently located hotel, just across the street from Paddington Station where the Heathrow Express connects with the airport. The location is also perfect for catching the tube to the Victoria Embankment Gardens where I was to go the next day, using the direct Bakerloo line.   Check-in, concierge, and restaurant services were top notch. I was ""upgraded"" in room but to be honest, the room I got seemed quite dated to me. There were tears in the hallway carpet and a large stain of some kind in the corner of the room. But the bed was super comfortable, and the free bottles of water a most welcome gift.   The only things I found less than satisfactory personally, was the lack of a bidet (after traveling in Italy and Portugal just before, I came to…",Date of stay: May 2019,5.0
320,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or325-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Dated hotel in fantastic location,"We originally booked this hotel based on location alone. With the Hilton brand attached to this hotel we thought it would still live up to expectations. This hotel is very dated and desperately needs updating. The hallways are dark and doors and furniture need to be replaced. One of the biggest inconveniences is the lack of outlets in this room. There are none in the bathroom leaving you to dry your hair in the room. There is no modern outlet next to the bed to charge electronics, etc. The only useable outlets are at the desk. We stayed here for three nights and the first night we could barely sleep as it was so hot in the room. The room reached 27 degrees celsius despite the air conditioner running all night long. We asked to be moved to a different room as we thought we had a…",Date of stay: April 2019,3.0
321,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or325-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Best avoided,"I reviewed this hotel a few years ago when I was on a quick business trip and found it fine. After two nights there recently with my partner I found it dreadful. It is a shabby 2.5/3 star hotel. A faded old hotel with peeling paint and wallpaper, stained carpets and soft spots on the flooring. There is no way it should be branded as a Hilton. The obvious positive with the hotel is the location which is indeed superb. However the cramped lobby, poorly staffed reception, crowded and frantic breakfast area, air conditioning which requires a call to the maintenance staff to adjust, tiny and crowded lifts, thin towels fit only for being cleaning rags, and other negatives make it somewhere I will never go back. It was poor value for money and it actually makes me want to cut up my…",Date of stay: April 2019,1.0
322,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or325-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Noisy Room,"I do not feel this hotel room was worth what I paid for it.  It was extremely noisy.  This room was well below Hilton standards. I booked stays at Hilton’s and Doubletree’s in London, York, Edinburgh, Liverpool and London on the return because I thought I could count on a consistent high quality product.  The London Hilton at Paddington was a big fail.",Date of stay: May 2019,2.0
323,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or325-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great experience,The staff at reception and Conceirge were extremely courteous and helpful let alone professional  The room was spacious well equipped the Internet was extremely fast and complimentary  Breakfast was very comprehensive and delicious ,Date of stay: May 2019,5.0
324,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or325-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Terrace Suite Room,"My family and I stayed in 2 terrace suites. There was also an extra bed that was said to be impossible at the time of reservation. The room was recently renovated and there was no skylight, and the ceiling was replaced with many down lights and the room was very bright. The refrigerator was empty and you could cool your belongings freely. The size of the bedroom in the room alone is about 30 m2, and the cloakroom is about 4 m2. There is a separate shower booth and bathtub. The terrace varies from room to room, but there is a 20 m2. There are 3 power sources, BF, C type, and USB. I was very impressed by the flower petal decoration on the bed, the large bouquet of flowers, the chocolate package and the message from the manager when I told them it was a commemorative trip for our…",Date of stay: April 2019,5.0
325,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or330-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Good location and price,"Very handy hotel for Paddington station.  Some beautiful art deco interiors, although bedrooms are in need of some updating.  Small executive lounge.  Breakfast buffet was as expected.  For London - the price represents excellent value.",Date of stay: May 2019,4.0
326,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or330-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Good hotel in a superb location.,"Though not quite offering the same service as The Savoy (where the person who checks you in also takes you to your room and carries your bags for you - and where they get your bed ready for you late in the evening) the Hilton Paddington was generally fine. My room ( a terrace suite) also gave me access to the Executive Suite - which the Savoy does not boast. This overlooks Paddington's platforms, and offers complimentary refreshments throughout the day. My only (small) complaints are that the air-conditioning control in my room did not appear to be completely functioning, and that the complimentary breakfast in the Executive Suite was cold (unlike that in the breakfast room,  which was OK.  Recommended. ",Date of stay: May 2019,4.0
327,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or330-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Fantastic in every way,Location in train and tube station means you are on the spot. There is no noise from the station in the rooms. Heathrow express to and from your door. Rooms are bigger than most in london and the staff are sooo friendly and helpful.,Date of stay: January 2019,5.0
328,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or330-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Gwr Tower ,"We had 2 stays in the GWR Tower, one of one night and one of two nights, different rooms each time. Although the rooms were very good, it was a route march from the lift to the second floor to the lift to the the tower rooms. We had access to the executive lounge, which has a great view of the platforms. The digital key, which according to the app opens every door your key card opens, DOES NOT work on the executive lounge. The food although of good quality is overpriced, as are the drinks. On our first stay one of the porters broke the handle on a suitcase, despite being told the handle was stuck, he forced it up, and somehow twisted and bent and cracked it, so it wouldn’t go back down. Yes I would recommend this hotel, but keep the staff away from your luggage. Also make access…",Date of stay: May 2019,3.0
329,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or330-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Better than expected!,This is a very convenient hotel if you are arriving in London Heathrow late at night and get the Heathrow Express train from Heathrow (15 minutes).  Hotel is very good.  It is a four star style hotel. Large and spacious.  Staff were friendly.  Room was very large and comfortable.    ,Date of stay: May 2019,4.0
330,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or335-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"LOCATION, LOCATION, LOCATION","Traveled with family for first stay in London and we wanted easy access to a hotel from the Heathrow Express. Exited the platform at Paddington Station, go up the escalator and right into the hotel! One side of the hotel's exit opens up to indoor shops, Starbucks, restaurants and the other exit is right on Praed Street. Awesome location for first time travelers to London.",Date of stay: April 2019,5.0
331,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or335-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Average hotel; good location ,"The Hilton Paddington has one significant thing going for it: it’s attached to the Paddington Train Station and easy access to LHR via the Heathrow Express. If you’re looking for something close to the city centre that will minimize time getting to the airport, this is your best option.   Beyond that, I was disappointed with this property’s qualities as a Hilton brand. The staff are numerous, but not altogether friendly. The elevators are insanely slow (possibly due to one apparently being out of operation). The rooms and corridors are in real need of refurbishment. I’ve stayed at numerous hotels in London, and don’t think this Hilton provides the best quality for the amount charged. There are far more upscale and modern properties for a similar price. This is an…",Date of stay: April 2019,2.0
332,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or335-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great Location for travel to Windsor and LHR,This was our 3rd stay at the Paddington Hilton.  The hotel is very nice and it met our requirements for travel convenience.  We recommend this hotel and will stay there again.  The rooms are nice and the staff is very friendly and helpful.  A good nights sleep.,Date of stay: April 2019,5.0
333,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or335-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Awesome,"Ease of check-in and check-out. Location was amazing.  Easy access to amenities should I need anything. Staff were incredible, especially Mohammed - uber professional and accommodating. Thank you for everything. Thank you!",Date of stay: April 2019,5.0
334,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or335-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Very good ,"Comfortable, well equipped room. Clean, warm. Check-in and out quick and efficient. Bar and restaurant both good with busy but not frantic atmosphere. Good service. Bathroom starting to show wear and tear, but not surprising. Will stay again.",Date of stay: April 2019,4.0
335,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or340-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Not recommended !!,"Despite the location, the hotel is old and noisy.  3 elevators are in hotel , 1 was out of order and the other 2 were extremely busy. Late check out, by 1 hour, charged 20£ , while others give it free.  ",Date of stay: April 2019,2.0
336,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or340-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Pleasantly surprised,"I came to this hotel with very modest expectations. Given its excellent location right above Paddington Station and its captive audience of tourists and passing business people, I was expecting overpriced mediocrity. As it happen, my room was very nicely appointed (good TV, mini-bar, tea and coffee making facilities etc), quiet and elegant. The buffet breakfast was busy but adequate. The only two minor disappointments were the hot water, which seemed a bit patchy, and the very slow elevators (only two of the three were working, so it led to some uncomfortable waits). However, the location is unbeatable for my purpose (I’m a heavy user of Paddington Station), so I will definitely stay here more often. ",Date of stay: April 2019,4.0
337,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or340-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Hilton London Paddington,"While the hotel as a whole is nice and in a great location there are many problems here.  Some of the furniture like the desk chair had no padding and leans forward to make you have to brace yourself to not slide off the chair.  The air conditioning leaves much to be desired.  Had four visits from maintenance and each time I was told a different issue.  I did not care what the issue was I just wanted down from 23.6(74.48) to 20 (68).  I prefer cooler rooms.   The small elevators which hold about six people.  There are three when all working, are very slow.  I waited eight minutes for an elevator that when it came, I was on the fifth floor of six, we filled the elevator but it stopped at every floor on the way down for others with no room for them to get on.  Not sure if all the…",Date of stay: April 2019,3.0
338,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or340-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Very good.,"The hotel is conveniently located at Paddington station. Good for metro, buses, taxy or walkers. Oxford street is just around the corner. And it is an excellent area full of restaurants.  Rooms are spatious and clean. They are equippped with everything you might need.  The breakfast is ok.  Staff is very, very polite and helpfull.   The hotel could use some refurbishing, but it is a good one!",Date of stay: April 2019,4.0
339,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or340-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Perfect location for attractions such as Hyde park,We stayed at the hotel for two nights and would recommend it for several reasons. Firstly it is located adjacent to Paddington station where the Heathrow express terminates in London so we only had a few steps to go from the train to our room.  The hotel is ideally placed for attractions such as Hyde Park and Portobello Market.  There are plenty of good places to eat near the hotel  We didn't eat in the hotel so cannot comment on that but you have tea and coffee making facilities in your room and a well stocked mini-bar ( that charges automatically  when you remove items).  The bedroom we had was a good size and having asked for a quiet room we were located away from the street. There was no view but that didn't bother us because we had the benefit of no traffic noise. The bed…,Date of stay: April 2019,4.0
340,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or345-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Convenient Location,"I’m giving this property a 4-star rating because of the convenient location to Paddington Station, we landed at Heathrow from the states and were at the front desk in just about one hour. On the hotel itself I would give 3-stars. I reserved a terrace room and the first one we were given had no furniture on the terrace and had a broken terrace divider, which made us uncomfortable. I went to the front desk and wasn’t really treated well at all, that was until Joy stepped, she apologized and found us another room which worked out very well, we were given room 654 which was very quite. Joy was the saving grace. I don’t think this hotel cares about your Hilton Reward status, which is also disappointing. We had issues with cooling the room down, maintenance did fix it the issue. The…",Date of stay: April 2019,4.0
341,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or345-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Very nice stay in London,"I would give five stars however the room was warm and I could not make it cooler on my own, had to call staff to make it cooler which I'm not sure really worked either. In the hotels defense, it was above average temp in London that weekend so I don't think they're used to the heat. ",Date of stay: April 2019,4.0
342,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or345-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Very outdated ,"We had booked an Executive room with King Bed, but got Queen size: first complaint. New room had King bed but room was quite outdated and needs renovation. Air conditioning was not cooling down and maintenance could not improve - much too hot in the room! That was problem # 2.   Windows do not close properly and noise from the street disturbing the whole night.   Quality and choice of food in the „Executive Lounge“ is poor, Service slow.   The hotel allows people who are not hotel guests to go through the lobby from the street to the station. Result: often crowded and no secure feeling. Hotel floors can be accessed by everyone, room card is not necessary. Safety concerns!   We will not come back. Terrible stay. Very disappointing!",Date of stay: April 2019,2.0
343,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or345-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Cross Rail noise is incessant,Old and tired hotel with incessant Cross Rail building noise at night that makes sleep a chancy affair. The location is central and the rooms are adequately sized but check your bill as twice I have been charged for room service that I did not use.,Date of stay: April 2019,1.0
344,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or345-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Not such a good afternoon tea,Ok this was booked as a voucher so wasn't expecting anything spectacular.  Afternoon tea was served in the bar/brassiere. This is ok but nothing to write home about. The view of the newsagents across the road was most uninspiring.  There was a range of teas available on the menu to go with a glass of champagne each.  The sandwiches were very dry as were the scones. A small selection of cakes accompanied these which were ok.  We got this fairly cheap on a deal but certainly won't rush back despite the price.  On the up side our server was very polite and efficient.  ,Date of stay: April 2019,3.0
345,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or350-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Beware of Sneaky concierge staff ,"Staying here for 4 nights. As a habit, I mail a postcard to my kids every morning.  The first morning, the staff charged 1.3 pounds for each stamp.  This morning, one staff (I will make sure I get his name later), changed me 4 pounds for two stamp and didn’t give me the right change on purpose.     So watch out for sneaky staff while you stay here!  ",Date of stay: April 2019,1.0
346,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or350-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Zero Understanding or Willing to Work with Me,"This hotel has no understanding towards honest mistakes. My girlfriend booked our trip in April instead of August but when the mistake was found, we reached out to adjust (within 2 days). We were given no refund, no discount on a future August stay, no options whatsoever. This once in a lifetime trip starts out with us down a few hundred dollars with no understanding or compassion provided.",Date of stay: April 2019,1.0
347,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or350-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Excellent art deco hotel,"Grand old railway hotel, refurbished to a very high standard in fabulous art deco style. Good sized, comfortable rooms, all the facilities and service standards you'd expect from a Hilton, and pleasant, helpful staff. It would be even better if the breakfast orange juice was freshly squeezed, but apart from that, no minus points!",Date of stay: April 2019,5.0
348,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or350-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Business Trip,"The Hilton London Paddington is certainly conveniently located, especially for guests coming from Heathrow. It is in desperate need of a refurb but it must be such a cash cow for the hotel chain that it manages to escape having money spent on it. I stayed one night on business as a client had a briefing held there. The room was fine. It offered all the basics, including caffeinated and decaffeinate Nescafe instant coffee...",Date of stay: April 2019,3.0
349,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or350-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Tired and dated but location good,Room was averagely clean.  Shower over bath and water not draining away quickly.  Toilet pipes shaking and making noises.  Odd television sticking out into doorway which was awkward.  They offer an iPod docking system for an ancient version of iPod????  Hilton you need to spend money on this hotel it is really outdated and actually smells a bit stale.  Bed linen was decent quality. Light in bathroom a real safety hazard - chrome piece had been damaged so it was covered up with a makeshift piece of tinfoil 😂🙉🙈.  Really!! ,Date of stay: April 2019,2.0
350,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or355-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Excellent location for Heathrow Express,"Excellent location for Heathrow Express inside Paddington station. Good rooms and friendly staff.  A bit expensive. Nice welcome, and always hasslefree Can be recommended especially for short stays in London, and is much better than boring airporthotels at Heathrow",Date of stay: April 2019,5.0
351,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or355-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Run down and bad service,"Arrived early morning at 5am. I had a very large suitcase and no one bothered opening the front door ad the staff we’re chatting amongst themselves. One person on the reception who was also so confused that he could not find my booking and wasted so much time. Also no one bothered helping to take my luggage to my room. The heating in the room was not working and when I complained they sent an engineer who said that he could not repair the problem. I asked for rooms to be changed and no one got back to me. All in all, I would avoid saying here again as run down and staff need a lot of training in terms of being courteous to customers. However, the only thing that was good was the morning breakfast which was very high standard. Shame about the rest of the stay.",Date of stay: April 2019,1.0
352,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or355-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,The Right Hotel for City Visit and Easy Access to LHR,"If you want a hotel which is convenient to both central London locations and Heathrow, this is the place to stay.  Getting to Heathrow is simple with the Heathrow Express on your doorstep and it is good to have the convenience of not having to use the tube when you have all you travel luggage with you. The hotel is good value.  I had a room in the new Tower wing, which feels like a bit of a trek when you have luggage, but once you get used to it, it is only a couple of minutes from your room to the hotel facilities in the ground floor.  The room itself is well appointed and Hilton have done a really good job with power sockets both at desk and bedside.  This is so important these days with so many devices to charge at night! The room had plenty of storage space including a good…",Date of stay: April 2019,4.0
353,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or355-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Nice hotel, good location","Stayed here for 1 night.  Well let’s cater hotel just outside the mainline rail station. Decorated in an art decor style, my room was a good size and very comfortable.  The executive lounge is very comfortable over looking the main concourse of the railway station. A good selection of food, with beer, wines and sprits in the lounge between 6.30pm and 8pm.  Only used the restaurant for breakfast, the service was good as was the selection of food. ",Date of stay: April 2019,4.0
354,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or355-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Excellent Hotel,"Stayed at this Hotel for 2 nights weekend 6th April, Really impressive Hotel, really clean, room we had was for 3 people and was a good size, really comfortable beds and very clean, slept really well Breakfast was really good very varied, was very busy, but the staff were very friendly and always had a smile Would defiantly stay here again",Date of stay: April 2019,5.0
355,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or360-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Pasta at Paddington,"Have been to the hotel several times before in their tour room.  Had a spare few hours at the station so went here for lunch for a change. The pasta in their ground floor restaurant was great, the service equally good  Fantastic service by Liciano E Tiago. Thanks",Date of stay: November 2018,5.0
356,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or360-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Extremely poor checkout experience,A request made for complimentary late checkout for 4 hours after 9 nights stay was poorly handled. The request should have been responded to at point of reservation instead of a terse reply at checkout that the hotel does not give complimentary late checkout and that's final. Utterly rubbish customer service.,Date of stay: April 2019,1.0
357,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or360-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Convenience Rules!,"This is the most comfortable layover hotel for an early morning flight out of Heathrow. The hotel is just a short escalator ride from the Heathrow Express train (and all other trains out of Paddington). The rooms are comfortable, if not terribly original, and the bathrooms are excellent - tubs made for a long soak after hauling luggage! Front desk staff and concierge are wonderfully attentive. This is my go-to hotel for the last night in the UK.",Date of stay: March 2019,4.0
358,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or360-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,One of the best in London,"Along with my wife and 2 young children (5 and 6 years old), I recently stayed at the Hilton London Paddington.  It was great.  The Heathrow Express got us (and our luggage) direct from LHR to the hotel in less than 20 minutes where we had a perfect 2-room suite.  Breakfast was also awesome, and the service was top-notch.  There are great restaurants in the surrounding area, and we ate at the hotel one night as well which was convenient, reasonably priced, and quite good.  Easy underground access made it a breeze to get to other places / attractions, and with some rain, it was really convenient not to have to walk back outside upon our return to the property.  10/10.",Date of stay: April 2019,5.0
359,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or360-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,GWR Tower Amenities Don’t Exist,"We’re currently here beginning a nine night stay. We’ve stayed here before and love the hotel but booked a GWR Tower room based on web site advertised amenities. Unfortunately the GWR Tower Lounge, On-Demand Movies, and dedicated Tower check-in desk do not exist. I understand operational changes are made from time to time but why advertise something you don’t have? I’m hoping they’ll give us a rate reduction or significant room upgrade but we’ll wait and see.",Date of stay: April 2019,4.0
360,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or365-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Did exactly what I wanted in restaurant ,"I used that as a title as so often I eat out in restaurants that either won’t change their listings or simply bring what was on menu and you have to have the different items as an add on.  This was a very different experience. The waiter asked many times exactly what I wanted, checking with chef to ensure I was happy. And out came my lunch looking fab, and perfect.  I enjoyed the salmon with bubble n squeak and sweet potato fries, instead of couscous and green beans with hollandaise. And it was delicious!  Hubby had a dirty burger and chips and it beat him!  I had chamomile tea, which wasn’t actually listed so if like me you don’t drink many other hot beverages, just ask. ",Date of stay: April 2019,5.0
361,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or365-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Peach of a Location,"Stayed 4 nights at the Hilton London Paddington. I don't know if you can find a more conveniently location for a hotel, and consequently, it is reflected in its price. It sits right on top of a transport hub and it is ideal for business and leisure travellers alike. Likes: - 5 star location - rooms are well-sized for London standards - lovely façade Dislikes: - dated interior - shower temperature fluctuations",Date of stay: March 2019,4.0
362,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or365-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Convenience for business travellers,"It’s a no brainier. I always like staying here if I go to London.   Getting from Heathrow Airport to Paddington in 15 minutes, and checked in at the hotel within minutes, all under cover without any need to be exposed to London’s weather. The rooms are spacious, breakfast is excellent with such a wide variety of choices.  Worth mentioning is my appreciation for their staff at the front desk, who kindly help me secure a room upon finishing its cleaning in the early morning. It is a pleasant experience for an early arriving guests! Well done.  I like the convenience it affords, well connected to London Underground, buses, plus a taxi stand right in front of the hotel, and it is within walking distance from Hyde Park with a breath of fresh air!",Date of stay: March 2019,5.0
363,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or365-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Convenient location; but their suite is a joke!,"Location, location, location - I guess most travelers fall for it.This hotel couldn't be more conveniently located if you arrive from Heathrow... Service ok, nothing to complain about but no extra perks or amenities either.  One thing is worth highlighting, though. I stayed in a terrace suite. I couldn't possibly be more surprised when I saw the room - yes, there was a terrace (a roof one) but the size of the room was tiny and not a suite at all. They shouldn't be marketing such a room as a suite as there was no separate room, not even a sitting area. A bed and a desk - that's it. It's still a puzzle for me what makes Hilton believe it's a suite...",Date of stay: March 2019,4.0
364,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or365-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Great location, ear plugs a necessity","The hotel is in a perfect location with the underground right across the street. It makes accessing every part of London so easy. I just wasn't keen on the hotel. To begin they overcharged prior to our arrival and offered to upgrade our room as a gesture of faith. On arriving to our room with a cot set up, ripped carpets, broken skirting boards and dirty sheets we clearly had not been given an upgrade or a clean room. Hotel staff were contacted and offered us a new room at what felt like an inconvenience. They room we got was clean and had 2 beds, however was located near some sort of air conditioning system which gave a continuous loud humming noise all of the time. We bought ear plugs for our second night. The breakfast in the morning was a buffet style breakfast that was…",Date of stay: March 2019,1.0
365,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or370-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,146 Bar at the Hilton Paddington,"Large space, imposing array of bottles behind the bar. Friendly efficient service. variety of seating options. My companion had a salad with quinoa and I had a burger and fries.With drinks & service came to about £30. We both enjoyed the food which was well presented.",Date of stay: March 2019,4.0
366,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or370-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Conveniently located Hilton,"Great location and good service, the room was well appointed. Our first weekend we got a double room with two queen beds but the second weekend we stayed here we ordered two queens and got one queen, a sofa bed and a roll away. Unfortunately the sofa bed was very uncomfortable. It was replaced with another rollaway which was better but still a bit uncomfortable. The location right next to Paddington is well situated and easy to get around London.  Breakfast was pretty good as well. Recommended, just avoid sofa beds.",Date of stay: March 2019,4.0
367,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or370-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Ideal location,Very good location for train station and tube close by. Very good breakfast choice. As travelling light a bath robe and slippers would have been nice. Disappointed when room not cleaned at 3pm on our return but rectified as soon as we rang.,Date of stay: March 2019,4.0
368,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or370-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Too much hassle and things wrong,"Very long trek to get to the room, via two lifts. Tried to turn off the airconditioning but could not  -  engineer could not do it either. Room key also did not work. Hotel is fairly tired. Hotels are supposed to give a trouble-free and seamless experience but this hotel did neither.",Date of stay: March 2019,2.0
369,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or370-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Wonderful ,"I’ve stayed in this hotel multiple times and it’s always met my expectations.The rooms are clean and very pristine.The bathrooms are clean and have a bath and a separate shower. The beds are pretty big even if you ask for separate beds. The room cleaning doesn’t take long.The hotel staff is very friendly.If you are a member of Hilton.The lounge is very nice with newspapers and a tv. There’s breakfast,snacks and a light dinner. Even though some rooms should have a little touch up it’s nothing to get in your way. I 100% recommend this hotel for a longer or shorter stay as there’s a M&S ,Sainsbury and Starbucks at the station.There is also Boots (CVS) and a couple clothing stores.",Date of stay: February 2019,5.0
370,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or375-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Bad sleep,"Too much noise from construction on the street with constant noise throughout the nighto. The roomtemperature was way too cool and could not be adjusted up above 24 degrees. All in all, it resulted in very bad sleep",Date of stay: March 2019,2.0
371,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or375-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Disgusting service,The reception staff in this Hilton are an embarrassment to the brand. I have raised my concern directly with the manager regarding the rudeness experienced during check in. This hotel is expensive for the service and standard delivered. The rooms could be better maintained. The incompetent and outright lazy breakfast room staff was the final straw. ,Date of stay: March 2019,2.0
372,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or375-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Afternoon tea.,"Four of us, friends for more than sixty years, met up for the first time in several years.  We had booked a lunchtime afternoon tea in 'Carriages'.  We were given a large table in a quiet part of the restaurant and happily stayed for three hours. Our reasonably priced tea had a selection of finger sandwiches, mini brioche and bagel - all with good savoury fillings, including smoked salmon.  There was a good selection of cakes and pastries with macaroons plus two scones with jam and cream each.  Only negative was that the scones were overcooked and quite dry. We may well make this an annual event.  Considering this was the day over a million people were in London for a demonstration, we spent a relaxed and peaceful afternoon in comfortable surroundings.  And the doorman obliged…",Date of stay: March 2019,4.0
373,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or375-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Happiness during our stay at Hilton London Paddington hotel,"The hotel is located at the very convenience and easy access by train, bus. I would recommend this wonderful hotel to all of you. All staffs are friendly and helpfulness. We're very happy to stay with you. We will be back and for sure we will stay at your hotel once again soon.",Date of stay: March 2019,5.0
374,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or375-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"A great location if you wish to be connected, terminal for Heathrow","A good Hilton property, well cared, room of decent size, even those standard, great breakfast and lovely people working there, different nationalities but sharing some kind attitude. You might want a room inside looking if you care for quiet nights.",Date of stay: March 2019,4.0
375,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or380-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Expensive stay - expected more,"The welcome at reception was nonexistent- I’d just got off a train from Cornwall - was very tired and, having waited almost 15 minutes to get to check in and said I had a reservation I wasn’t greeted with ‘good evening’  but ‘do you have some ID?’ I am  a Hilton Honours member so have stayed in many Hilton Hotels - I’d hesitate to go back to this one even though the room was very nice - a good space and a comfortable bed but everything is pared back - even the biscuits are miniature. It wasn’t cheap but very reasonable compared to breakfast which is an absolute ripoff. I don’t mind paying for food but £21 for breakfast ... and self service at that!! All in all - I was pleased it was only for one night.",Date of stay: March 2019,3.0
376,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or380-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,3 rooms in 2 days,"I was at Hilton on 7th March 2019 - the rooms given was stuffy and I could not open the window thus making it stuffy. So I requested for a change. Which they did. I also rented a mini bar from the hotel. In the middle of the night, I noticed my phone is not charging. Then my laptop is not charging then I realized TV also not working. I called the reception at 3am but no one seems to be at the counter. So in the morning I wanted to make a cup of coffee, the Boiler is not working. I called the reception and after a few tries only someone answered.  The technician came and reset the electrical board. He said to me .. you know these things happened.. I told him I have stayed many hotels and never once happened to me....  then The front office manager changed my room to another room…",Date of stay: March 2019,2.0
377,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or380-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Not worth the price,"Average hotel, premium price.  Convenient to the trains to LHR but otherwise very mediocre -- look out the window at construction.  As a Hilton Gold member I got some continental breakfast coupons and a room upgrade -- or so they say (see pictures).  We will probably change hotels.  If you can book this place on priceline (which has cheaper rates for Hilton hotels than the Hilton website) for a good price go for it, otherwise look elsewhere.",Date of stay: March 2019,2.0
378,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or380-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,They stole my money,I visited your hotel 6.-8.3. and had to guarantee the room with my personal credit card. However I paid the room with company credit card.  The person said that the refund to my personal card will be done in 5 days. I have not received the refund and the hotel is not answering my e-mails. Be aware of this!  The room was quite cold and needs renovation.  ,Date of stay: March 2019,1.0
379,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or380-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Long golden hair in breakfirst scrambled egg,"The waiter said, ""The hair must from the guests, not from our kitchen, we don't have staff with golden hair. Maybe it belongs to your friend, HaHa..."". In fact the long golden hair was not just on the surface, it was deeply cooked together with the egg, I found and pulled it out. My friend was a gentleman with black hair. Maybe because we are Asian faces with disfluency English.",Date of stay: April 2018,1.0
380,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or385-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Good Experience,"Me and my family stayed in Hilton Paddington, Price was slightly high....Clean and tidy Room, Good customer service in executive lounge. My family really enjoyed staying in the Hilton Paddington London.",Date of stay: December 2018,5.0
381,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or385-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel in a fabulous location!,"The Hilton Paddington is directly across the street from Paddington Station making the trips to other London locations, Oxford and Heathrow incredibly easy.  The staff is friendly, efficient and helpful.   The room was clean and comfortable.  There are a variety of food options everywhere one looks, and breakfast buffet is very good, too.   The convenience of the location and transportation helped me to make the best use of my time. I had only intended to stay one night but I ended up staying two nights, instead, and there was still so much left to see. I hope to be able to return one day.  The only suggestion for improvement is that the hotel is older and could definitely benefit from updating.",Date of stay: January 2019,4.0
382,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or385-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Overnight stay,"We stayed one night here to catch the Heathrow Express the next day for our trip back to US.  The location is awesome just across the hotel.  The hotel is a bit old but still very functional.  The art deco theme is consistent with the hotel.  The lobby is busy but the staff is available and attentive.  We just dropped our luggage and checked in late that afternoon for we wanted to do more in the city.  The 2 twin bed and room setup again is dated.  No USB to plug your device which I think at least the hotel should have updated nowadays.  Bed is comfortable and pillows but the noise outside is prominent.  Breakfast was excellent, a good spread of food.  The bar was fine.  I asked for some peanuts or nuts but they didn't have any but they tried to give me something to take care of…",Date of stay: March 2019,4.0
383,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or385-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Fun in London,"Wonderful place to visit. Has it all. Attractions, food, history, theater and every mode of transportation. This is my fifth visit and that tells all. Every chance l get l pack my bags and England here I come",Date of stay: March 2019,5.0
384,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or385-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,More bad than good,"Summary: Don't stay here unless you absolutely have to be right next to Paddington Station. London has many better options. It does have some good points (three), but you'll have to read on if you are interested.   Detail: Until I booked this room I have always booked Hilton through the HHonors members' website. There's a best price guarantee, so why not? After having found the same room on the same dates for a lot less on priceline.com I made a claim. It was denied because the priceline room had a 12 noon cancellation deadline and the HHonors a 23:59 deadline. It's in the small print and it's there to stop you making successful claims. Feels underhand, feels like it is punishing loyalty. The website also makes it look like you get free breakfast, you do, but only in the lounge…",Date of stay: March 2019,2.0
385,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or390-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,smart room with all mod cons,"You enter an impressive hotel lobby and are dealt with quickly by staff the room was clean and had all facilities you would expect, including iron, safe, free WiFi and a bath in the bathroom breakfast was very generous and had plenty of choice and the bed was comfortable for a great nights sleep newspapers available in the lobby daily and ice machine in hall near lift too",Date of stay: March 2019,4.0
386,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or390-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,DONT accept a room in the Tower Block! Hilton have failed to convert this Victorian rabbit warren into a modern hotel,"ANTONY RATCLIFF is 'elderly' and booked for one night 6 March to attend St. Mary's Hospital out-patients nearby. After a rigorous series of tests, I settled down for a nap in the afternoon only to be hauled out of bed by a shout over the Intercom ordering me to ""Leave the Hotel immediately. Don't run"". Apparently earlier in the day - when I was NOT in the hotel - a forthcoming 'testing' had been broadcast. I could have stayed in bed if a notice to this effect had been slipped under the door!   Hilton have done their best to convert this Victorian rabbit warren into a modern hotel but it remains a dinsaur for the visitor and, I suspect a white elephant to ""Conrad Hilton""",Date of stay: March 2019,3.0
387,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or390-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Love this Hilton Hotel,"Excellent location to LHR and underground tube - plenty of services/shops located within walking distance. You can catch the Heathrow Express right from this hotel. Breakfast was fabulous, as was the service. ",Date of stay: February 2019,5.0
388,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or390-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Lovely, friendly and historic","The iconic Great Western Railroad (GWR) symbols abound; a private entrance admits you directly from Paddington Station -- how convenient. You enter the lobby into something just lovely: the staircase, fittings, and sconces give you a nice taste of elegance without being stuffy (perfectly suitable for a family). Our family room was of a fine size, with high ceilings, and  charming decor. A special word for all guests, but especially for families: the breakfast (15 pounds per adult, children eat free; when you do the math, it is a quite a bargain) is outstanding in offerings, spaciousness, and service. One of the kindest waiters, Tiago, served our family and remained very patient with our little ones - no matter their request. What a delightful stay - we will happily return.",Date of stay: March 2019,5.0
389,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or390-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,No AC and poor customer service,"We booked this hotel for two nights during a short trip to London based on its convenient location, and the fact that it had air conditioning so it would be comfortable and quiet no matter what.  We were allowed to check in early but it turns out it was 78 degrees in our room.  The air conditioner seemed to blow only hot air and the windows would barely open.  We inquired about the air conditioning at the front desk when we left to visit a gallery and eat.  We were told it would be taken care of.  When we returned in the evening it was still hot.  We called the front desk and waited… no one came so we called again and the operator acted surprised no one had been to our room.  An engineer shows up and agrees that something is wrong.  He works on the AC for a while and declares it…",Date of stay: February 2019,1.0
390,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or395-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Beautiful building but wouldn’t come back.,"Great location and beautiful building. Room was clean, check in was quick and staff were friendly. Just wasn’t a 4 star compared to other hotels we have stayed. When arrived in room was dying for cup of tea, good free tea bags but out the little milks in the tea and they had gone off. The bed was comfy but pillows awful and flat and no spare ones in wardrobes like other hotels. The shower was powerful but not high. Drinks choice in fridge was good but expensive- only one Diet Coke though so we had to share. The air con in the room is a nightmare hard to work if it works we like a cool room to sleep but we couldn’t get it to work properly and it was soooo hot which made it uncomfortable. Unfortunately we would return 😕 had higher hopes for this hotel! Sorry",Date of stay: March 2019,3.0
391,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or395-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Location is its saving grace,"Barely 3 star standard.  I stay at this hotel for its location. In its elegant early days, it was literally was built above Paddington Station, which is now the end point for the 15 minute shuttle from Heathrow. It's great to walk off that train, and go up in the elevator from the station into the hotel lobby.  The hotel also is handy for the Tube and buses.  The breakfast buffet is excellent.  Those pluses being said, otherwise, sadly, it has seen better days in terms of the neighborhood in which it is located having deteriorated, and a standard of service that is not up to other Hiltons.  I have stayed here since it was the Great Western Royal Hotel, then later became a Hilton, which at first was impressive. After an interval of many years I returned and was disappointed. …",Date of stay: February 2019,3.0
392,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or395-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Confirmed as a comfortable hotel,"This is the third time I visit the Hotel. The room was reasonably large, clean and with all appliances well functioning. Comfortable bed and good rest for 3 nights. I recommend the Carriages Bar  where I dined twice very well indeed: Fish and chips the first night and Chicken with mustard the second one. Excellent both and at reasonable cost. Limited beer selection, however.",Date of stay: February 2019,4.0
393,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or395-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Wonderful afternoon tea at Carriages,"Moses, Silvio, and Preston were amazing as they served us afternoon tea in the Carriages restaurant.  It was a delicious assortment of bite sized sandwiches, desserts, and crumpets.  Wonderful service, and nice tea experience in London. This hotel is directly across from the Paddington train station and Paddington Tube station.  Easy access to transportation, centrally located.",Date of stay: February 2019,5.0
394,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or395-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Stayed a few times, this occasion was dismal, and that’s being kind Hilton!","Checked in at 730pm as advised to the hotel.  Asked for a travel cot when I booked and checked in online.  It wasn’t set up in the room.  I was offered no comp upgrade as a HH Gold member and I know for a fact there are next available room types open in the inventory.  Shocking service and rude attendant who came to set the cot up, surely he made out he didn’t want to be at work.  P.S I’m writing the review whilst I am still checked in so I don’t forget.  Other observations:  1. Filthy man hole cover, greasy black finger prints all over it  2. The amount of dust on the air con vent is horrible, sure it takes a few mins for the housekeeping to Hoover over it  3. The dust on top of the curtain rail is terrible.  Tread with caution.",Date of stay: March 2019,1.0
395,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or400-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Excellent location, average customer services","Stayed here for 4 days, the room was okay but it could do with a bit of refresh. The air-conditioning started making noises after the second day and we had to change rooms.  Apparently I booked the hotel through a third party website and therefore my Hilton Gold membership wasn't recognised.  My colleague was joining me in the middle of the stay, and despite having given his name to the reception in advance and told them he would be arriving late, the receptionist called me at 1.30am and asked if I knew him, very annoying.  Some staff members at breakfast were overly enthusiastic because they wanted to have their names mentioned to their supervisors. Breakfast was very good though.  Indeed, this hotel is in an excellent location but I think the overall service can be improved.",Date of stay: March 2018,3.0
396,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or400-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,GREAT STAY EXPERIENCE,"The hotel is excellently located and the overall ambience excellent. Checking in was smooth and checking out was prompt and fast. I generally enjoyed my stay at the hotel. There was also easy access to key locations I wanted to visit like Marble Arch, Oxford Circus and co.",Date of stay: February 2019,5.0
397,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or400-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Overnight for travel to LHR,Took cab from Conrad to the Hilton at Paddington Station for quick access to Heathrow Express next morning. Checked out the rail station real quick and then spent some time in the executive lounge for a quick snack and complimentary happy hour starting at around 5:30. ,Date of stay: February 2019,4.0
398,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or400-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Lovely hotel close to transport and restaurants ,I stayed here for one night . I had work for 2 days and it was my birthday. I have always loved the Hilton chain having spent my honeymoon and tenth wedding anniversary at different Hilton hotels. This didn’t disappoint. The decor was lovely and the room was well equipped. The hotel was literally across the road from Paddington underground so very convenient. I treated myself to Malaysian food from a nearby restaurant as well as a face pack from Tesco! I then relaxed and chilled out in front of the large TV. Luxury! Breakfast was very varied too. The price was extremely reasonable for such a lovely place in London ,Date of stay: February 2019,5.0
399,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or400-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,great hospitality!,"i had the pleasure of enjoying an afternoon tea and the hotel was so welcoming and accommodating. one of the staff called Luciano was so attentive and friendly and he made the best cappuccino i have ever had! Overall, the hotel was exceptionally clean and the staff were very responsive.",Date of stay: February 2019,5.0
400,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or405-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,cool location,"One of my best Cozy hotels in London. The location is very good close to the Edgware Road ( Arab Road). Friendly staff, clean, comfortable and quite rooms. connected to Paddington train station. direct from Heathrow airport .",Date of stay: March 2018,5.0
401,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or405-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Regular Buisness Trip,"I have stayed at his hotel many times, location is perfect when traveling to & from Paddington, the staff are always great. The executive lounge is very accommodating and today Preston provided great customer service, going out of his way to help  - Thank you, much appreciated",Date of stay: February 2019,4.0
402,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or405-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,connected to Paddington Train Station and best in the area,"one of the best hotels in Paddington area especially for those who are frequently users of paddington train station but still highest rate as well even with average services comparing with the same ratings hotel internationally. Also, they charge 30% extra as insurance of their daily rate which are normally refunded but after min of 5 days which are not applied by other hotels.",Date of stay: August 2018,4.0
403,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or405-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Afternoon Tea at Hilton Paddington Hotel - Lovely experience,Afternoon tea at the Hilton Paddington Hotel was a lovely experience and surprisingly reasonable.  The staff were all extremely helpful despite being so busy. My friend was vegetarian and I had forgotten to inform the hotel when booking but Luciano brought us more vegetarian sandwiches without a murmur and another teapot when we finished the first one.  The scones were delightful as were the cakes.  It was my first visit but I will definitely go again.,Date of stay: February 2019,5.0
404,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or405-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Poor for a hotel with this price and location,Check in was nice and room was comfortable. All good but at the time I needed to take a shower it appaered that the water didn’t get warm at all.From that point everything went wrong including excuses which were not relevant. They granted me a 5% discount which didn’t feel  appropriate to me. The manager committed to look into this and to send me an email. Still waiting for the email.  Very disappointing,Date of stay: February 2019,1.0
405,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or410-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,good choice,"we had a family trip on febbrary and we had a very good experience at this hotel. Marco and Daniel from the restaurant are fantastic.Clean rooms, well located and good breakfast.the hotel is near the city centre but not inside,that in my case,i was looking for that.",Date of stay: February 2019,5.0
406,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or410-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Super hotel,"Stayed three nights. Hotel is more than close (actually integrated into) to Paddington station. nice when you travel through Heathrow airport. Quite large rooms, very clean and funcional. The hotel in genral is maybe a little not that modern but fully good. Breakfast very good. Bar OK (more than OK) Service was very good.",Date of stay: January 2019,4.0
407,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or410-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Hilton,"Our stay at the Hilton Paddington was very enjoyable, the staff were very pleasant especially Marco who served us today, I would highly recommend the hotel to other people...... Nice to meet you MARCO!",Date of stay: February 2019,4.0
408,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or410-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great place to stop,The staff at this Hilton were tremendous and the facilities were in really good shape. The hotel is conveniently located to the train station. I cannot image staying wanywhere else when in the Paddington area.,Date of stay: February 2019,5.0
409,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or410-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Nyson,Had lunch with a hotel weekend guest yesterday in the coffee shop/bar area. Apart from some minor glitches which were sorted out efficiently by Nyson  we were well satisfied with our visit.   We also inspected our friend's room on  the fifth floor and were impressed by the furnishings and space.   Good to see the traditional GWR hotel style retained but with an up-to-date finish. Thank you Nyson for making our lunch with an old friend so enjoyable.,Date of stay: February 2019,4.0
410,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or415-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,MARCO 😍😍,"Best location in all London MARCO (handsome :):):)) has been friendly and warm, his service is definitely the best and it's what I love to see,I'll be back next week for a coffee and I hope to see him😛😛  thanksss",Date of stay: February 2019,5.0
411,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or415-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great Stay and Service,"Stayed for one night last Friday, room was clean and a good size. Came back to the bar on Friday night and left leaving my coat!  The next morning Mario on the concierge desk was searching everywhere for it even going through the CCTV.  Fortunately, it was found as sent to me by recorded delivery as I had to catch a train on Saturday.  The hotel was convenient, clean and breakfast very good.",Date of stay: February 2019,5.0
412,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or415-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,146 bar inside the hilton is fantastic,"What a wonderful bar inside the hilton. The name of the bar is 146 and has great interior design, good vibe and excellent staff. Thank you Luciano for the coffee and friendly conversation I will defiantly be back. Highly recommended",Date of stay: February 2019,5.0
413,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or415-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Good—but there’s room for improvement,"Had a chance to stay here for two nights. As usual, the staff was courteous and professional. And , more importantly , if you are coming from Heathrow , this hotel’s location is just superb—which is worth the price. However , there’s room for improvement (please take a look at the picture—not worthy of a 5-star hotel.) additionally, there was a hideous noise coming out of the bathroom’s ceiling ( apparently made by some pipes). The maintenance staff said it was normal but , again , for the price you are expecting an above-reproach maintenance and not something that resembles a three-star hotel.",Date of stay: January 2019,3.0
414,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or415-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Perfect location for travelers to/from Heathrow airport,"Hilton Paddington is located at the Paddington station, the home of Heathrow Express trains. Traveling to/from airport cannot be easier than this, although the Heathrow Express tickets can be rather pricey if bought last minute.  Hotel itself is a maze, and at least accessing the great Tower rooms, you may need to take two separate elevators and few steps. The rooms are rather compact but at least the Tower rooms had massive, nice bathrooms instead. I just wish UK hotels would one day move away from the wall to wall carpets that are dust and germ depositories.  Hotel WiFi is fast, and Staff was super friendly and helpful. ",Date of stay: February 2019,4.0
415,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or420-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Miss,"5 star. Hilton Paddington. Bar 146, great atmosphere but even better staff. Giuseppe, Luciano and Riccardo were so lovely! Made me a cocktail that wasn’t on the menu. Made me feel so welcome. So nice to see such friendly kind faces in what could potentially be a big scary city. Definitely would reccomend coming here for a drink if you arrive at Paddington and need a friendly face and ear. Will be back for sure and solely for these 3 boys!",Date of stay: February 2019,5.0
416,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or420-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Best location!,"My family visited London for the New Year's holiday and LNYDP.  The hotel was perfectly located for access to public transportation at Paddington Station, with nearby bus stops as well. It's a quick walk to nearby food and the beautiful Hyde Park as well. The hotel was beautifully maintained and appointed.  We stayed in a family suite, perfect space for parents and kids with separate bedrooms and bathrooms.  The staff was friendly and helpful!  I'd definitely stay there again!!",Date of stay: January 2019,5.0
417,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or420-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great location,"This is a large and very busy hotel for both business people and travellers and is extremely conveniently located in that it is attached to Paddington station - you don't even have to go outside to access the hotel. I have stayed here, and used the meeting facilities on several occasions, but this time I was only here for one night and had a nice and comfortable room with a lobby area, bathroom and bedroom. The air conditioning in my room was not functioning correctly when I arrived and my room was cold but an engineer was sent immediately and was able to fix it there and then – big tick!  My only criticisms are that the lighting in my room was a bit dim - it could have done with being brighter by the mirror - and the fact that I was unable to order a coffee from either hotel…",Date of stay: February 2019,4.0
418,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or420-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,A bit of a maze,"Stayed for a business trip and overall it was very good. Service was excellent and the food reasonable. Was quite a hike to the room, using two separate lifts and a little confusing navigating between floors and different room numbering. Unfortunately the digital key didn't work for the room or the fitness room which was rather annoying and required a further hike around the hotel, back to reception etc",Date of stay: January 2019,4.0
419,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or420-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Friendly welcome, superb and quiet room, good breakfast","Location, directly connected to Paddington Station in London is excellent. After reading suggestions from other Tripadvisor visitors, I asked for a quiet room. And that is what I had: a nice, quiet and spacious room. Room service was excellent. In short: an enjoyable stay!",Date of stay: February 2019,5.0
420,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or425-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Amazing staff,"Came in to wait for my colleague to finish up her meeting, and worked in the lounge/cafe, very kind staff, especially a waiter called, Luciano who served me, delicious fries and sweet tea and exchanged an interesting conversation about where we were from.",Date of stay: February 2019,5.0
421,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or425-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Great location, rooms and lounge","This hotel is in a fantastic location and the large, quiet rooms in the new wing were wonderful for sleep/relaxation as well as being extremely clean. The lounge was a lovely surprise with a hearty breakfast selection as well as evening drinks. Luciano in the lounge was super friendly, attentive, and helpful with travel tips as well as ensuring each morning started great! The location at the end of the Heathrow express allowed us to maximize our 3 day visit to London. Watching the hustle of Paddington station was fun as well as allowing a quick walk down stairs to jump on the tube.",Date of stay: January 2019,5.0
422,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or425-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Drinks in the bar,Came here for drinks in the bar which is an okay setting.  We had the amaretto sour (£11) and the Harvey's Bristol Cream (£6.50).  Service charge of 12.5% was automatically added.  It was difficult to get the attention of the waiting staff on occasion but other than that it was fine.,Date of stay: January 2019,4.0
423,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or425-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Not up to Hilton standards,"I stayed here for a weekend and chose it because of its convenient location.   From the start, I had problems with the room. The heat didn't work very well at all. Just room temperature air came out of the vents. After an hour of having the heat on, it never got much above 19C/67F or so degrees. I called guest services who sent someone quickly, but he was only able to offer a small radiator to heat the room. As luck would have it, at some point in the middle of the night the radiator tripped the electric circuit which cut off all electricity to the wall outlets in the room. As a result, my phone wasn't fully charged by the next morning and the TV didn't work. I didn't have time to deal with it the next morning because I had a tour to catch.    When I got back to my cold room the…",Date of stay: February 2019,2.0
424,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or425-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Didn't sleep - room was too noisy,"Just an absolute horrible night.  If you get room 116, or any room number around there, plan to not sleep.  This room is right outside a very busy loading dock, and trucks come and go all night, noisily opening and closing their metal doors, and the workers are yelling and whistling at each other all night.  It's extremely loud, and I have no idea how anybody can be expected to sleep through this.  It's an absolute embarrassment that this hotel rents these rooms out to guests, even more so without even offering a warning upon check-in.  I've staying in other hotels with noisy surroundings, and they'll either offer a noise machine, earplugs, or at the bare minimum have the courtesy of offering you a warning in advance.  Not the Hilton Paddington!  I'll never stay here again - it…",Date of stay: February 2019,1.0
425,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or430-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Nice stay ,"This hotel is very convenient to the tube! Basically opposite the hotel is the Paddington tube station and there’s a connecting from the hotel to the main Paddington station!  The connection of the hotel to the main station is so good because you get to go to sainsbury!  Hotel room wise I was first offered a decent room at 6th floor and I request for a change due to its condition and the following day the manager gave me a better room on the 4th floor. Amenities wise for the room is standard (with the Crabtree and Evelyn soaps)!  Breakfast is very good! Although they serve just a normal English breakfast but the taste is delicious there! If you are seeking for convenient transportation to the city and like the Hilton brand but don’t mind the old style of hotel, then this hotel…",Date of stay: January 2019,4.0
426,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or430-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Very nice staff.  Eager to please.,"Hilton Paddington is simply an average Hilton in an extremely convenient location.  150 meters from the train to the lobby- no need to go out into the elements.  We stay at lots of Hiltons.  This one met our expectations.   What makes this hotel stand out is its helpful, and freindly staff.  Luciano in the Executive lounge was particularly attentive.  He went the extra mile to ensure my family got 5 star service at breakfast.  Serena in the lounge was also very nice to our children.  It would be extremely helpful if there were functioning USB ports in the rooms.  The ones by the desk in our rooms were inoperative.    Otherwise, a very nice stay.",Date of stay: January 2019,4.0
427,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or430-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great breakfast with Tiago and Laurie,"Front desk and hotel stay was nice but the highlight was breakfasts taken care by Tiago and Laurie, January 13th-17th.   I ate too much but it was worth it.  I will return and look forward to seeing them!",Date of stay: January 2019,5.0
428,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or430-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Friendly service,I went for a meeting and had lovely service by Marco in the restaurant and Daniel in the bar ☺️ I've been to this hotel a few times and the service is always very good - location is excellent too being next door to Paddington train station.,Date of stay: January 2019,5.0
429,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or430-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great Location and Service,"I did stay 1 day on this hotel, as a bridge to travel from Cambridge back to the USA. I had a pleasant stay, and the location is perfect if you plan to get the Express train to Heathrow airport. You get the best location possible and clean rooms.",Date of stay: January 2019,5.0
430,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or435-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Excellent,"The hotel is superbly located above paddington station the transportation is very convenient.The room was clean and in good condition, the staff  are very friendly and helpful especially Marco and Daniel offered a superb Service.Costantin the supervisor is kind and polite.The executive lounge is convenient and Joanna provided a lovely service.",Date of stay: January 2019,5.0
431,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or435-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,One-night stay,A quick stop in London in a very nice hotel with a very convenient location.   I spent some time in the Lounge and like last time I was greeted by Joanna from Greece who is very service minded and friendly.  Charlotte,Date of stay: January 2019,5.0
432,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or435-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Phenomenal location and value,"My wife and I stayed the night before our flight out of Heathrow. Having pre-booked tickets on the Heathrow Express, we were in Terminal 3 at Heathrow about 35 minutes after walking out of our room at the Paddington Hilton. Amazingly convenient; don't stay out by Heathrow, stay here instead. It's a great value aside from the Heathrow connection, too. Spotlessly clean room. Quiet as a tomb. Very comfortable bed. Nice decor. Tremendous breakfast buffet. Would highly recommend to anyone wanting a comfortable stay in London at a very reasonable price. 3 blocks from Hyde Park, great tube connections literally across the street, a short taxi ride to major sights. What's not to like?",Date of stay: January 2019,4.0
433,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or435-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,JeniMc,"Just spent 2 nights at this hotel for a conference. Loved my stay! The hotel is beautiful Art Deco style. All staff are very friendly and helpful, especially the waiter called Tiago who couldn’t do enough for me as a sole diner. Very pleased with my stay, will definitely stay here again!",Date of stay: January 2019,5.0
434,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or435-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Beautiful Hotel but terrible room!,"My wife and I stayed here for one night on our return from Spain and needed to get a good sleep before we headed home back to Canada in the morning. We were able to check in around Noon which was nice, however everything was downhill from there! We were given Room 119. All I can say is that unless you are hearing impaired or like noise when sleeping NEVER accept Room 119! This must be the worst room in the hotel. It is on the first floor just above the service entrance at the side of the hotel. All night long we heard talking, yelling from outside along with the constant reversing noise of lorries backing up either making deliveries of picking up garbage. It was an awful experience!! Before writing this review I also noticed that a previous traveller had done a review in Nov.…",Date of stay: January 2019,2.0
435,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or440-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great service,"We stayed for 1 night celebrating my girlfriend's birthday, it is a lovely hotel and very convenient with being opposite Paddington. Customer service was perfect, everyone was very helpful especially at breakfast this morning there was 2 men who were amazing, one named Marco and another who's name I didn't catch, a dark haired gentleman with glasses. The only slight issue I had was the temperature of the room, the heating didn't seem to get hot enough considering the weather outside. But altogether a lovely stay.",Date of stay: January 2019,4.0
436,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or440-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great service,We had breakfast at the hotel and we were so happy about the service we recieved. Especially from a certain man his name was Marco (what a guy) great service really. We could ask him anything and he was very happy to help and that is what we love to see.,Date of stay: January 2019,5.0
437,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or440-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Breakfast,"Amazing breakfast this morning at Hilton, Marco has been very professional and offered a coffee to go, I really appreciate that. Thanks Daniel the capuccino was fabulous!Great breakfast   thanks guys, highly recommended Hilton paddington",Date of stay: January 2019,5.0
438,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or440-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,nice lounge club overseeing station,nice comfy room. very well isolated. the lounge club was very convenient and food was acceptable. Service very diligent. room was a bit cold but big enough and well decorated. Breakfast was also tasty,Date of stay: January 2019,5.0
439,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or440-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,London,It was a great service from the nice guys at the breakfast especially the 2 brasilian guys Tiago and Pablo and the italian Salvatore who really made pur day with their smile and kind service . Thank you ! Annalisa ( demanding italian women),Date of stay: January 2019,4.0
440,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or445-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Good,"The hotel is very conveniently placed! Central to most things with a tube station just two minutes away. Decorated beautifully, spacious rooms and lovely food. Joanna & Luciano who worked in the executive lounge were particularly helpful and pleasant. Nothing was too much trouble for them. Having stayed two days and used the lounge regularly, they made it all the more enjoyable. Food served was lovely every time.",Date of stay: January 2019,4.0
441,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or445-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Tiago is the Best!,"Tiago at Hilton Paddington Breakfast Restaurant... was fantastic!  Great service, quick, snappy, helpful and most importantly very attentive to details. Great experience overall, and I would recommend to my friends and family.",Date of stay: January 2019,4.0
442,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or445-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,A great place to meet people and wait in comfort,Just a short walk from the train station it is a great place to wait and meet people staff are friendly good service and not over priced...a good pot of tea is only 4.50....the Goya is stunning in Art Deco  would go there again did not eat but the menu looked very good and interesting,Date of stay: January 2019,4.0
443,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or445-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great lunch!,"Today I had meetings with clients at this hotel. The staff were amazing and they could not do enough for you. I even managed to have a healthy fruit platter for one of my clients as dessert that was not in the menu, but the Italian waiter made sure we got exactly what we wanted.  I am just dissappointed that I did not have any cash on me to leave a tip. In particular Serena and Marco offered us friendly, efficient and excellent service",Date of stay: January 2019,4.0
444,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or445-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,VACANZA,"Great breakfast. Great service, friendly staff, the breakfast was Amazing ,Marco and Daniel have very kind and attentive the cappuccino was great and truly made my morning, thanks guys, highly reccommended Hilton paddington",Date of stay: January 2019,5.0
445,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or450-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Very Disappointing,"We stayed at Hilton Paddington for 3 nights in January 2019. Upon arrival, the receptionist who most probably was the least welcoming and coldest person I have ever met in my life, could not be bothered to even interact, no eye-contact, no smile, no welcome, no HHonros acknowledgement, absolutely nothing. We were given the keys and did not get any explanation about anything in the hotel.  Moving on to the room which is pretty dated, the safe reset/close/open buttons were all chipped so the safe was unusable, the Guest Services booklet had copy book stickers to cover items which were no longer on the menu it seems, there were cobwebs in the bathroom, the water bottles were not replenished on our last night and the fire alarm also went off because of someone smoking in a room…",Date of stay: January 2019,2.0
446,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or450-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,A nice touch!,I popped in to this hotel for a quick coffee with a colleague before a business meeting. Not wanting a full breakfast we ordered two cappuccinos which we were expecting to pay for of course! However we were served by Christina who welcomed us in and gave us complimentary  coffees. Thank you Christina! Excellent customer service!,Date of stay: January 2019,5.0
447,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or450-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,So convenient from the airport,Loved going directly from Heathrow by train and into the hotel without going outside. It was a quick trip on the Heathrow Express to the hotel. Great hotel to connect to any mode of transportation. Within walking distance of great restaurants. Staff was great-brought extra things when asked including a floor fan.,Date of stay: January 2019,5.0
448,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or450-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great experience at the lounge,The service at the lounge was great and I very much enjoyed talking to TiaGo and Serena. They have shown a true spirit of a luxury hotel in London. I help my clients book hotels in London and this will be my first choice.,Date of stay: January 2019,4.0
449,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or450-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Kindness at the top,Very good place in Paddington. I always stop here coming from Heathrow Airport. Great for business meetings at the restaurant with quite area where to stop. Very kind and nice service from Serena and Thiago.  ,Date of stay: January 2019,5.0
450,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or455-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Provide your credit card details at your peril,I stayed at the Hilton Paddington for 4 nights in December.  When I received my credit card bill it seemed that I had been charged twice for my stay.  When I contacted the hotel to query this they initially said I had made a booking for another guest (not true) and sent me an invoice with another guest's name and address and my credit card details. Data privacy is obviously not a concern for the hotel.  Later in our correspondence they said that they needed a card to guarantee the other guest's booking and so they used mine.  There was no explanation as to why.  They showed no interest in sorting this out and the implication was that they would refund me when they got the payment from the other guest. Luckily I was able to contact the other guest who had attended the same event…,Date of stay: December 2018,2.0
451,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or455-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Location is great; property is tired,"Very convenient to the Heathrow express. I was off the flight and in my room within 1 hour including customs!   The tower room was very nice. Fairly newish and had a large bathroom and a great walk-in dressing room closet.  Executive lounge was great at breakfast, but no staff in sight. Early evening was sparse - not worth it.   The whole property is very historic but very tired. It needed renovation 10 years ago. Other than the tower area, main hallways are dark and tattered. Not sure about the main building rooms. Not a place I would want to stay for an extended time particularly in holiday.   Fitness center was adequate. Bigger than some but very dark and basement like.   The front desk staff I did see were generally apathetic. Housekeepers and doorman were all very friendly. ",Date of stay: January 2019,3.0
452,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or455-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Very nice hotel convenient to Heathrow.,"I have stayed in this hotel several times over the years, including my last three trips to London. The hotel is well-maintained with very helpful service from the concierge staff for getting around town. My room was very clean and comfortable, as always. The restaurant on the ground floor has been very recently renovated and refreshened, and the service staff there were excellent and courteous as well.  In particular, Tiago and Daniel waited on me several mornings during my stay and made sure I was well taken care of.  Everything in London is within reasonable reach from this hotel, as several tube lines intersect at this station. And finally, the convenience to and from Heathrow is unbeatable for my purposes.",Date of stay: January 2019,4.0
453,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or455-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Afternoon tea ,"Lovely hotel very pleasant staff in 146 restaurant tea room. Arrived 1.20 pm Friday 18/01/19 for pre booked afternoon tea and cocktails at 1.30 pm. We were directed to a lovely window table with very low but comfy seating. Menus were directed at us for the choice of afternoon tea.  Choices were explained and we were able to change our choice of sandwiches if required. So we automatically assumed, the produce would be freshly made!  A tea pot for afternoon tea was promptly delivered. After siting for a further half an hour waiting for the tea we made enquiries and ten minutes later it was delivered to our table. On first inspection we believed the plate stand to have good choices. Unfortunately we ended up with soggy sandwiches and dries out bagels.  We were unable to eat the…",Date of stay: January 2019,3.0
454,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or455-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great start to the day,This is a great hotel overall; right at the end of the Heathrow Exrpress from LHR. I must especially single out the amazing greeting from the hostess at breakfast (Edita) that sets the scene for the rest of the day. Rare these days that someone can have such an effect for no gain. Highly recommend this hotel in general - first class!,Date of stay: January 2019,5.0
455,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or460-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Fab stay,I enjoyed the food and liked the ambience of the place but above all I was impressed by the pleasant and courteous staff especially Serena who works in the restaurant. She was very polite and efficient.,Date of stay: January 2019,4.0
456,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or460-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Highly recommended,"I have stayed here now 3 times and its my favourite London hotel now. The bar is brilliant food excellent and the rooms are very comfortable and well appointed. Staff are very plentiful and helpful and if you need the tube or main line railway then you best place, great restaurants and bars in the area too. Looking forward to going back!!",Date of stay: January 2019,5.0
457,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or460-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Hard to beat the convenience,"The location of the hotel at Paddington Station really is a winner! Check in and out were easy processes, and the concierge was glad to help us out with a few things which was great. The rooms are spacious, clean and very comfortable, although some a little noisy when street facing but that's not a big deal. Breakfast was also good with a great, fresh spread of food and drinks. Have returned before and will be back again!",Date of stay: December 2018,4.0
458,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or460-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Top notch services @ bar/restaurants,"I am very impressed with the quality of the services provided at the Hotel, specially at the bar/restaurant. Kuddos to Serena and team! I highly recommend and wil surely return for another glass of winne.",Date of stay: January 2019,5.0
459,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or460-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Breakfast,"Sunny Service and a Super breakfast 🥞. A great selection and personal service from two friendly members of staff. Thank you to Tiago and Lawrie who ensured our table was kept clean and most importantly we always had a full cup of tea.  The Concierge service is fantastic, the staff on hand were always able to assist. 👍",Date of stay: January 2019,5.0
460,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or465-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Major convenience, mediocre experience","For a one-night stopover before a Paddington train ride, it's hard to beat this place for convenience. We usually stay elsewhere, but got a good rate and wanted to give this place a shot. Unfortunately, while the hotel was fine, the experience of checking in and getting a room was off, and that affected our whole stay.  Our room was not ready when we arrived, 30 mins before check-in, so we were sent away. Then, when we were given room keys, we got up to the room to find it still wasn't ready because the previous occupants had smoked in it. We requested a different room, but rather than the same kind of room or an upgrade, we ended up with a room type that was less convenient for our family.  In the end, the room was comfortable and the hotel amenities were more or less as…",Date of stay: January 2019,3.0
461,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or465-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great stopover,"Have stayed here a few times and the service is excellent. Have always been able to check in early, which is a bonus. The rooms are nice and clean and comfortable. The bar downstairs is nice. Haven't had breakfast here though as generally cheaper to get something from some of the little cafe's.",Date of stay: July 2018,4.0
462,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or465-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Probably give afternoon tea a miss for a while,"Our afternoon tea experience was impacted by preparations for renovations to the restaurant area. We had the distinct feeling that we were ""in the way"", which was disappointing, given that we were return customers from earlier in the year. We will give eating here a miss in future, until we know that any building works have been completed.",Date of stay: October 2018,3.0
463,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or465-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great service and thoughtful staff ,"I had yet another great stay at Hilton Paddington - one of many over the last year. I received great service, particularly from from Luciano during breakfast. He remembered me from a previous visit - along with my coffee preference: double espresso macchiato. Small things like this make a big difference. Keep up the good work of creating memorable experiences for guests. ",Date of stay: January 2019,5.0
464,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or465-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,ex-lounge hilton,"Totally disappointed, I've been in this hotel having free access to the executive lounge, the coffee machine was broken, when i asked an italian girl if i could have a coffee she said ( the manager doesn't care so what can i do?) so rude! I always use the hilton all around the world . I was expecting a totally  different standard.",Date of stay: January 2019,2.0
465,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or470-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Elegant, Friendly, and Comfortable ","I chose the Hilton Paddington because it’s right next to Paddington Station (it even has its own entrance to the station) so it’s convenient for getting the Heathrow Express. But this hotel is an oasis in Paddington.  The architecture is stunning, as it was designed by Brunel (who also designed Paddington Station). The appointments inside are thoughtfully done in an Art Deco style. The rooms are beautiful and very comfy.  The staff are very friendly, patient, and helpful.  It’s also a super-convenient location.  It would be perfect if they had magnifying make-up mirrors, but that’s a tiny thing given that everything else is so lovely. And did I mention the wonderful staff?",Date of stay: January 2019,5.0
466,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or470-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great,"What a lovely breakfast,thanks to Marco who offered a special service and to Jessica who made me a great coffee,reccomended,one of the best hilton in london,i will come back for sure with my family...",Date of stay: January 2019,5.0
467,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or470-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great Services,"Normally I just get simple drip coffee in the morning, when I went to Carriages restaurant for breakfast , #Marco recommended me traditional Italian Cappuccino and it was delish. Also I got recommended for Flat White as well. They offer complimentary breakfast for #HiltonHonors member as well.",Date of stay: January 2019,5.0
468,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or470-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Good location with poor service!,"Booked this hotel about 6 months ago & spoke to the hotel agent via Hilton hotel website.  I asked for the possibility of having 2 interconnecting rooms & was told to get one family room & one family superior room & put in the request column for interconnecting room.  I did as told & there was no update from them.  When I checked in at the hotel, I was told there was no more interconnecting rooms. I was further informed that there are no interconnecting rooms for the 2 room type that I booked.  Then, why would the agent asked me to book a more expensive room?  We then went to the rooms & noticed the rooms are spacious & basic.  There was no bath ropes, slippers & one of the room mini bar was emptied.  On the 2nd day of our stay, we noticed there was no drinking water replenished…",Date of stay: January 2019,1.0
469,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or470-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Super Convenient, but a bit expensive","Stayed here for one night in December 2018.   Service was good .... they gave me a nice upgrade.  Room was nice, clean and quiet.   Easy access to Paddington station for the fast Heathrow Express back and forth to the airport.  Also Paddington subway station to get to almost anywhere in London very easily.   Not much to do around the hotel though.  Nice lobby ... very old looking hotel.   I liked it and would go back.",Date of stay: December 2018,4.0
470,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or475-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Edita (hostess) and breakfast,"Just visited the Paddington Hilton with my Father for breakfast and just wanted to say that Edita who served us made us very comfortable, she was so friendly, polite and made out experience of dining here before out train very comfortable and enjoyable.",Date of stay: January 2019,5.0
471,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or475-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great location and service,Hilton Paddington is ideally located for business travellers to London as it allows easy access to Heathrow 20 min and getting anywhere in London. The service in the restaurant by Johnson was great very attentive to any need. Food catering for conference was great. Staff overall in hotel very good.,Date of stay: January 2019,4.0
472,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or475-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Perfect Service,"The Room was nice, well equipt and big (for London). The Breakfast was very good. Marco and Edita are making there a perfect Job in the service. They are attentively and fast taking care of every wish.",Date of stay: January 2019,5.0
473,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or475-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Fantastic value for money with good location,Located at the Paddington station this hotel is perfect for a short term business trip. You can get here easily from Heathrow and most of the tubes have their stop at Paddington. Executive lounge is perfect for short meetings and service is very good everywhere at the hotel.,Date of stay: February 2018,4.0
474,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or475-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Plus: Location and Room size Minus: Service,"Stayed with wife and 2 kids from Christmas Eve through New Years Eve. Booked a Queen suite and was delighted to see how it was a real suite with two bed rooms and plenty of space. Din't know until I reached there that the Paddington Station is interconnected with this hotel. What a blessing!!  Breakfast was great. All the staff at breakfast were very courteous and helpful.  Front desk customer service in person and over phone was poor,  Called to report that the housekeeping staff did not clean up / replace coffee pods and asked for water bottles. Was promised that this would be attended to soon but that never happened. Second day in a row the housekeeping left coffee pots/pods uncleared.  Thermostat was very confusing and we couldn't figure out how it worked. Great location and…",Date of stay: December 2018,4.0
475,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or480-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Super location,"Amazing location to visit London, after 9 hours journey we came to the hotel and when we were waiting to check in we had a buffet breakfast which made my morning. Special service by Marco Who took care of us and offered a coffee to go.",Date of stay: January 2019,5.0
476,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or480-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Great Location, Great Breakfast!","I would like to personally compliment the Paddington Hilton breakfast hostess Edita. She did a fantastic job during my stay, displaying a great deal of kindness and hospitality as my breakfast hostess. Her attention made me feel very special and at home, and her good cheer was always a perfect start to my daily London adventures. Employees like her do a great part in making a stay at the Paddington Hilton a big success! I count myself very lucky to have been attended to by Edita (and the rest of the breakfast crew)... their great service will make me want to choose the Paddington Hilton the next time I’m in London, which I hope will be sooner rather than later.",Date of stay: December 2018,4.0
477,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or480-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great location,We spent New Years in London and stayed here for 4 nights. This hotel is in a fab location and has friendly staff. Our room was smaller than we expected but very clean. The downstairs bar staff are very friendly.,Date of stay: January 2019,5.0
478,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or480-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Tough Couple of Nights,"We ended a two week UK trip with two nights at the Hilton Paddington so we could relax before taking the Heathrow Express the morning of our fight. It started out OK enough - although being really underwhelmed with the hotel itself, it was fine. As others have said, this place really could use some modernization and updates. But check in was fine and the room was decent. Room service was great and arrived quickly. However, the next day we were awakened by knocks on our door that electricians needed to get into our room to fix something. We asked that they come back after we got up and out. They did came back, but hours later after we had been out and about. Two electricians worked on something while my family lounged. It was awkward and not ideal, but I get that work needs to…",Date of stay: January 2019,2.0
479,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or480-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Fantastic,"My Family and I had a fantastic breakfast at the Hilton Paddington,a bonus to the waiter Marco who provide the great service and I'd like to mention Mr Constantin very kind and professional, thanks very much!",Date of stay: January 2019,5.0
480,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or485-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Good in parts,"My room was fine, and the bed comfortable (though there was bottle top underneath it).   There was a missing piece in the bathroom.  The breakfast area was not very welcoming, and the hot plates and the food were cool.  The cutlery was awkward: the knives made for people who put their fists round the handles and the forks inclined to twist in the hand so the tines were upward.   I ordered the Guardian and FT on checking in, which seemed to cause some consternation  Next day the concierge had one, but had to send someone out to get the other.  I would have appreciated a handrail on the walls beside the front steps, and an arrow pointing out the direction for the alternative lifts when a lift was out of service.  The WiFi was expensive.  The breakfast area was rather dreary, and…",Date of stay: December 2018,4.0
481,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or485-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Fantastic Hilton Londen,"I went to your hotel on December 28, 2018. Great stay and the breakfast is great. We also met a nice Italian waiter, Lugiano. Super cozy and nice boy. Has been working at the hotel for 2 years and has made my stay very pleasant. Thanks again Hilton and Lugiano. We will be right back. Greetings, Edward Bakx",Date of stay: December 2018,5.0
482,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or485-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Extremely dissapointing, disgraceful check in!","I was clearly under the false illusion that The Hilton chain was known for being a luxurious brand, however that was far from the experience that I have recieved. Prior to flying at Heathrow I booked to stay at the Hilton the night before, and what an experience! Having arrived at the hotel to check in I was informed that I had come to the incorrect hotel and that I needed to find the other hotel, however I had specifically booked this Hilton. Having said my full name on nearly 5 occasions in this conversation and being rudely informed the booking didnt exist, even upon providing booking confirmation through an email, finally she said that they had put my middle name first so the system was incorrect. I recieved no apology for the rude tone and dismissive attitude, the woman…",Date of stay: January 2019,1.0
483,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or485-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great location. Room didn't match description. Some service faults.,"We reserved a Terrace Suite over the holidays.  The room wasn’t ready when we arrived, but the bellman offered to hold our bags for us while we explored the area. There was no acknowledgment of Diamond status or explanation of diamond benefits.  We we had a terrace suite on the top floor. The room was nicely appointed and the sleep quality was great.   On the downside, only a dozen TV channels were offered and only three of them worked reliably. The terrace had wonderful views, but the cool weather limited our time outdoors. The room description online includes pictures of floor-to-ceiling, wall-to-wall windows, secluded terraces, and extensive room furniture. Our room lacked these features and the terrace was shared by an adjoining room. The room is described as over 400…",Date of stay: December 2018,3.0
484,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or485-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Not up to standard (not even close),"Thinking the Paddington Hilton would be a step up from the Metropole, we stayed for one night during the Xmas period.  Positives:  1. Friendly staff (but shouldn’t they always be? I feel this is a bit like marking up the hotel because it has a roof) 2. Excellent burger in the Bar  Negatives:  1. Twin room with two very small single beds (I’d expect slightly bigger, if not double beds at a Hilton) 2. The curtains don’t cover the window. We had a night of flashing police car lights and street lights filling the room.... 3. On the first floor you are constantly disturbed by the rumble (and its loud) of the underground 4. Tiny bathroom with a grubby shower / bath only (again - don’t you expect more from a Hilton?) 5. Breakfast was a rugby scrum of people fighting for barely edible…",Date of stay: December 2018,1.0
485,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or490-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Please do something for Hilton....,"This is the fifth time l have been in this hotel. The last experience I had (30-01/2019)  was  disappointing and rather you must review some things about your customers.The first thing that happened when l arrived, while I had booked a specific room through the Hilton Honors app, they gave me an other room, saying that I had chosen this room myself. After some time they admitted that the room I chose was not available because the previous customer extended his stays or one more day !!!!So  they gave me another room telling me that this is what we have and we can't do anything else. My room was ready at 18:00….Entering the room there were no slippers and no coffee machine which they never brought into the room.I find this behavior to be unprofessional destroying the image  of…",Date of stay: December 2018,3.0
486,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or490-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Home from home,"I spent Christmas at Hilton Paddington and whilst I was sceptical being alone at Christmas in a hotel I couldn't have been more wrong. Reception was expedient,concierge great rooms immaculate and the hospitality staff especially good my hostess Edita was kind helpful and really on the ball I was never left waiting for anything and as I was alone because family were away she was very kind making me feel really included. Well done guys. Liam Brickley",Date of stay: December 2018,5.0
487,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or490-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Perfect Hub Location. Great Service. Rooms Dated,"First and foremost the location of this Hilton makes an it an excellent place to stay if you are visiting London or the surrounding areas. Of  course you do need to fly into Heathrow, which should not be too troubling. Once you do, you have the Paddington Express that will take you directly from the airport to the Paddington Station. Then, it is a short 2-3 min walk within the station to the hotel...the hotel is CONNECTED to the station. Anytime after that you can get to anywhere you need to from that station. We spent more money than we needed to staying at ""closer"" hotels. Next time, we will just stay at the Paddington Hilton (the whole time) and then jump off from there.  For this particular trip I had the opportunity to interact with several staff members. All of them, but…",Date of stay: October 2018,5.0
488,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or490-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Without a desire to excel, this property will continue to suffer...","I've stayed at this hotel many times for quick business trips to London.  It's THE most convenient hotel for the Heathrow Express.  This trip was very fast.  Arrived Day 1 in the afternoon for work, departed the next day.  The first room they assigned me was so cold that I couldn't stay in it.  It was brand new and had not been used much, so there were bugs in the room and the layout was very odd.  The second room was also cold and despite a visit from the technician, my heater never warmed the room properly.  Even a space heater didn't help.  i don't know why this hotel feels empowered to be so aloof -- perhaps it's because of the volume of traffic it gets from the train service.  But regardless, this property is NOT WORTH the value without major improvements to their customer…",Date of stay: December 2018,3.0
489,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or490-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Access great, hotel & service poor","My boyfriend is Hilton Honors Gold & we have stayed in quite a few Hilton’s in the Past. Aside from the access to Paddington (which is very convenient), this Hilton is possibly the worst we have stayed in. No-one was on the door to help with bags. We did come an hour early than check in due to train times and told our room wasn’t ready (fine) and so went to the executive suit to wait out our hour. Executive suite was average at best - the restrooms/facilities leave a lot to be desired, in the ladies you have to use your full force to even get the doors to close (I imagine very difficult for anyone elderly). Limited refreshments available, one tv not working. We left to go to the bar which we were informed was not open but would be later. So we went to the cafe. Our server there…",Date of stay: December 2018,2.0
490,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or495-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Hilton Paddington London,"We had 2 nights at the Hilton Paddington including Christmas Day.   Our room was a decent size, clean and quiet even though we were close to the lift lobby on level 6.   Staff were okay - could be a little friendlier on check in but that’s the only negative comment I would have.   We had Christmas lunch at the hotel restaurant buffet and it was amazing. Food was fantastic, staff were friendly and spreading the Christmas cheer.  Special shout out to Silvio - our waiter in carriages restaurant who was attentive and ensured our glasses were always full.   Location was great, right across the road from Paddington station. Unfortunately the Heathrow express was not operating over the Christmas period but if you were coming in on it, getting into the hotel would be easy especially if…",Date of stay: December 2018,4.0
491,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or495-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Nice facilities, mediocre serve","The building, rooms, and common areas are lovely. The proximity to the Paddington station is a real bonus. However, the restaurant and executive lounge staff seemed lost and confused most of the time.",Date of stay: December 2018,4.0
492,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or495-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Good Location But Noisy,"The Hilton Paddington Hotel is located at Paddington Station which is very convenient for the Heathrow Express from LHR. It also has easy access to a host of shops and services in the station. In addition, it is on several London Underground lines making it very easy to get about in London from the hotel. However, the hotel is older and while the rooms are nicely appointed the windows do not have sufficient insulation to keep out street noise from the very busy Praed Street and surrounding streets. Construction activity overnight made sleeping very difficult. If you decide to stay at this hotel it is essential to ask for an inside room to have any hope of a good night’s sleep.",Date of stay: December 2018,3.0
493,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or495-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Lots of charm,"I chose this hotel for the location and ability to take the Tube directly from the airport.  It was super easy.  The room was nice with a window that opened and I would consider it charming, not up to date.  There was a slight musty smell but it also rained the whole time that I was there.",Date of stay: June 2018,4.0
494,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or495-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great Location and Friendly Staff,"I travel to Europe 4 plus times a year and generally land in London for a few days before heading to Paris and Frankfurt.  The Hilton Paddington is a great place to stay if you want to easily navigate London or need to have easy access to Heathrow.     First, the rooms are very nice and rather large for London.  The rooms that are facing Praed street can be a bit noisy during the day, but  quiet down in the evening.  Of course this is London and being on a somewhat busy street is nice.  I am a pretty light sleeper and when staying in a Praed street view room have never been awakened by the noise after 10 PM.   Second, the location is exceptional.  If you are flying in or out of Heathrow, the Heathrow Express runs every 15-20 minutes to Paddington Station. The trip take 20…",Date of stay: December 2018,5.0
495,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or500-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Very accommodating,"Great location, obv being attached to Paddington station for Tube and Heathrow Express. Breakfast buffet was quite good (was complimentary for HHonors Diamond). Queen suite in the GWR wing was spacious for my family of 4. Carriages restaurant has an excellent selection, free for kids under 5; I received very good, attentive, quick service from my server Luciano. I recommend others stay here and will likely do again myself.",Date of stay: December 2018,5.0
496,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or500-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Unfriendly front office,"I was at Hilton Paddington in 5th Oct 2018. When I checked out on 7th October 2018, I asked the front office person about joining the Hilton Honors. First he was busy taking to the girl next to him and looked so uninterested. He just said just give me your email, I will pass to the necessary people and they will contact you via email. I kept on asking him, but the answer was the same. He was more interested in talking to a lady next day to him which I believe a new staff there as she mentioned herself when I started asking questions. Until today, I have yet to receive any emails from Hilton Honors Club about being a member. As a front office person, he is the important person in reflecting the values of the hotel especially in getting more customers into being a member and also…",Date of stay: October 2018,3.0
497,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or500-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Tower suite seemed deserted,"Spend few days on London and booked the tower suite in Hilton  London paddington (room 590). Seemed like no one was there before - no refrigerator in the room, some bulbs not working, heating doesn’t really heat ( just makes noise), second floor tv is very old and not working and the chandelier isn’t working as well. Moreover, you need to let they reception in advance that you are GF so the kitchen need to prepare special evening alternatives ( though the GF roles in the mornings were great). I would expect more from a Hilton hotel. Best thing here is the location - easy way from the airport direct to the hotel.",Date of stay: December 2018,2.0
498,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or500-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Brrrrr!,"Stayed in Room 245 on the front of the hotel looking out on Praed Street. The thermostat in the room did not work. The water in the shower was lukewarm at best. The very kind night staff brought me a small heater and blanket but The heater was not enough to heat even the area near my bed. Tried to call the front desk again from the room phone and my cell phone, but  the hotel phone system was down. Needless to say it was a sleepless, miserable night.   Upon check out, I shared my experience and asked the staff to please not put another guest in the room until the problems were fixed. They listened and said I would hear back later that day, assuming I would receive an apology and an adjustment to my bill.. I never heard back. In the end. It was a very expensive, miserable night…",Date of stay: December 2018,1.0
499,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or500-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Convenient for Paddington Basin,"Rather than stay in the hotel in Paddington basin, I opted for the Hilton. Really great Location, straight off the train and into the hotel. Gri ndly service at check-in and a comfortable room with all you need for a nights stay.   Breakfast was great value at £15.00 and worth paying up front. Hotel is slowly being refurbished but still keeping the art-deco feel of the place. ",Date of stay: December 2018,4.0
500,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or505-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Poor service matched with poor maintenance,"Let's start off with something good about the property. It's close to Paddington Station, so getting to & from the airport is pretty easy via the Heathrow Express (or TfL Rail if you don't mind a slower trip that's cheaper). There's also a decent pub down the street that had Arsenal on the big screen and made a decent burger. That's pretty much where the good stuff ends. While the location is convenient for travel between town and LHR, it's not terribly convenient for anything else.  During my recent stay, I had room 623 at the rate of £220/night. There were a number of water stains on the ceiling, the light fixture in the bathroom was falling apart. I can look past most of that stuff, but I can't look past failed HVAC that doesn't get fixed and poor service to boot. I reported…",Date of stay: November 2018,2.0
501,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or505-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Terrible Experience at Hilton Paddington,"Check-in Experience On Dec 14 at Hilton Paddington:10:30 pm, checked-in. The room temperature is 16 Degrees. At 11:00 pm, After 30 minutes, the temperature only reached 17 Degrees. When I asked to change a room, I was told that this is the only room available. A small electric heater was sent to the room. I asked for a bigger one or another small one, I was told that this is the one from his office and no other heaters are available. By 12:15 am, the room temperature only reached to 19 Degrees. I called the front desk for help the third time. The duty manager came to room and checked. Then, a bigger heater was sent to the room about 15 minutes later. Check-out Experience on Dec 16:As a Diamond member, I was granted a late check-out at 3:00 pm. At 2:50 pm, I could not open the…",Date of stay: December 2018,1.0
502,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or505-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Winter Wonderland - 2018,"Visiting London for Winter Wonderland. Booked this hotel as its just a 15 minute walk to Marble Arch, so ideal for Hyde Park and Oxford Street. Good hotel, stayed here before and would stay again. On Paddington station so perfect for us.",Date of stay: December 2018,4.0
503,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or505-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,A bit disappointed.,"My wife and I decided to stay for a couple of nights at the Hilton Paddington on the 14th December 2018 to do some last minute Christmas shopping and visit Winter Wonderland in Hyde Park. Unfortunately I was rather disappointed with the Hilton on this occasion. Having paid a premium for an executive room in the GWR tower with access to the Executive lounge during our stay I discovered that:-  During check in the executive desk was unmanned (I did not see anyone at this exclusive desk all weekend). I had to queue at the undermanned reception to check in.   The executive lift was not working.   The exclusive executive area (2nd floor) door was broken so not giving the privacy expected.   The check out desk was unmanned on Sunday morning, so again the queue!  The lounge is not big…",Date of stay: December 2018,3.0
504,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or505-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Afternoon Tea,"A perfect experience.  We orderd a table in advance. . A reserved table was waiting for us in two. A three-story facility that contained small sandwiches in a variety of flavors, rolls with salmon, scones, butter and jam, a sweet floor with wonderful patitours. One of us is a vegetarian, so they brought her more special sandwiches. The service is wonderful. Recommended experience. We paid Gruppen a voucher for about 20 pounds. There was an option we did not add champagne / cocktails.",Date of stay: December 2018,5.0
505,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or510-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Very disappointed,"I have stayed at the HLP many times and the hotel is on a downward spiral with the condition of the hotel and management attention sorely disappointing.  I paid additional for the GWR Tower which no longer has an Executive Lounge, secure access or a dediated elevator.  The rooms are tired, though not as tired as the dreadful hallways leading to the tower.  The non-management employees work hard, management is not keeping pace.  After many stays I'll be looking for a new home in Central London.  Sorry to see you go old friend.",Date of stay: November 2018,3.0
506,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or510-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Easy at Paddington & for Heathrow,"We had a 1 night layover in London and this was a brilliant option. No need to slug your bags around the tube and around London, just off the express and into the hotel. I remember the breakfast buffet was delicious as well. My kids were happy.  I’m not sure I’d recommend to stay here for a long stretch though. The neighborhood is just ok, there are many other parts of London that are more charming and central. But this is a great option for a short stay if coming in/out of LHR.",Date of stay: June 2018,4.0
507,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or510-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,No heating and they forgot wakeup call,"I decided to stay at the Hilton Paddington because I had an early flight from Heathrow the next morning and the Heathrow Express train is very convenient. Unfortunately when I got back to the room in the evening, it was freezing cold (62oF). I called reception and they said something about the “AC” not working properly  and they’d send someone to fix. After no one showed up, I called twice more, and finally someone showed up with a portable space heater...  I ended up going down to front desk and asking for a heated room. At the same time I also asked for a wakeup call at 6am. Luckily I also set my iPhone alarm because the wakeup call never came :(",Date of stay: December 2018,3.0
508,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or510-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Average stay,Our room was fine for the price point.  It was a decent size and clean.  The location is also good for using Paddington station as the hotel is literally right next to the station.  The only thing that let the hotel down was the reception staff - they were not particularly friendly or helpful.  We also requested a digital key which didn’t work.,Date of stay: December 2018,3.0
509,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or510-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Old style and cold reception ,"We booked King junior suit for one night stay in the hotel, when we checked in I asked the reception staff where we would have breakfast, she said our breakfast was not included, I told her our breakfast was included then she agreed. After we went to our room, I went to reception again asking why the toilet seat is close to the wall, very difficult to use, she answered she did not know she did not design it. Well, I was speechless hearing what she said.  Me and my husband always stayed in this hotel 10 years ago when we came to London, but we did not realize the quality of service has changed so much. ",Date of stay: December 2018,3.0
510,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or515-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Excellent location!,"spacious accommodations, attentive staff, well-rounded breakfast buffet(we always include the breakfast buffet when we book reservations – convenient and good value), but buying individual food items off their regular menu were a bit on the pricey side (hence the loss of 1 star). Very convenient location – train, bus, underground. It was a pleasure to stay here. I believe that if we tried, we couldn’t find a more accommodating hotel and transportation hub location.",Date of stay: December 2018,4.0
511,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or515-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Saturday stay in London with my son,"Although a room was not ready when we originally checked in just after 12:00 all started well with an upgrade to a Tower Room so we stored our luggage and went out sightseeing.  During the afternoon/early evening my son returned before myself, checked in and attempted to use the exec lounge. At first he was stopped and questioned as to how he had got into the lounge, his response was that he had used his room key. This was checked and validated that he was entitled to come in (he would be entitled to use it anyway even if he wasn't in a tower room as as a named guest in my room as I'm a Diamond member). He then tried to get an alcoholic drink. He was stopped and questioned again, this time as to whether he was 18. He provided his driving licence as proof of this and was then…",Date of stay: December 2018,1.0
512,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or515-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Awful, just plain awful","This hotel has to be the worst hotel I have ever stayed in when in London. Its a shame as its location above Paddington Station is fantastic, which is why we picked it. I have stayed here before and cannot remember it being this bas then. The app would not allow me to check in on-line or select a room despite leading me through each step. Then, when we did check in, around 10am, the young lady who dealt with us seemed far more interested in what her colleague was doing. I didn't expect the room to be ready and it was not so asked where the concierge was located, t be told in quite a curt manner it was behind me, like I should already know that. When we arrived back later at night we were given a disabled access room near the lift, despite being a Gold member whose preferences…",Date of stay: December 2018,1.0
513,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or515-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Very comfortable bed,"Room 324, double guest room.  Lovely, quiet room with a comfortable bed and clean bathroom.  Perfectly situated as travelling in to Paddington station.  The doorman was a credit to the hotel.  Would stay again.",Date of stay: December 2018,4.0
514,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or515-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Great Hotel, Great Location","Being situated right beside Paddington Station, this hotel has the added bonus of ease-of-travel, in addition to its wonderful rooms and services. If you're looking somewhere to stay in London, I highly recommend this hotel! ",Date of stay: December 2018,5.0
515,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or520-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Nice enough hotel, terrible customer service","Hotel in decent, but not great shape (damage to walls and carpets in guestroom corridors). Guest room not bad - although my room overlooked a bright light that was on all night - heavy drapes helped block that out. Now, customer service - downright terrible. Three examples: 1. after checking in, I receive an unexpected knock at the door - the young lad restocking the minibar complained more than once about his job to me! Not good.  2. After an overseas flight and some jet lag, I attempted to order room service (after 11pm) - the ""all day breakfast"" which was not served after 11pm. All they had available was a cold sandwich. Room service attendant was rude and abrupt and didn't seem to understand that hotels around the world have better room service offerings overnight.…",Date of stay: November 2018,2.0
516,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or520-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Not bad BUT could be so much better! ,"Stayed here for business in October and November. The proximity to the tube and railway station are great but the hotel itself could do so much more to make guests feel more at home... the lobby lacks any atmosphere or character. It literally feels like a train station.  Mais cons -lobby, outdated room. I also noticed there wasn’t much security at the entrances, people walking in and out from all sides of the hotel. Main pros - gym, breakfast quality and staff, concierge guy was nice and of course location ",Date of stay: December 2018,3.0
517,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or520-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,nice location but needs some investment,absolutely stunning location in central London. Part of Paddington station and therefor only 15 minutes away from London Heathrow and placed at the crossing of three lines of the subwayis this Hotel a top dress for business travelers. It's so sorry that it really needs some renovations. Water is dripping from the ceiling and the windows are not holding back the winters cold. Staff is very friendly but the food could take some extra spices.,Date of stay: November 2018,3.0
518,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or520-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,What an Ambassador! Service that sets a standard!,"I arrived at Hilton Paddington after a late (and delayed) flight from Chicago into Heathrow. I booked on the basis of needing a stopover for the night, as I knew my last train would be long gone, but what I didn't expect was the welcome I received from the Night Manager.   Sadly, I didn't get his name as I didn't have my glasses on, but this gentlemen sets a standard that not only Hilton should be proud of, but should be the standard all hotels aim for!  I was met with a smile and warm manner and my tiredness was not only noticed, but when in chatting I mentioned that I was extra tired as my hotel room in Chicago had had a particularly noisy mini bar fridge, this chap immediately insisted that he upgrade me to a suite so that I could be assured of a really good rest.    He…",Date of stay: December 2018,5.0
519,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or520-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Good stay,"I stayed in an executive room which had a great bed but everything else was pretty old. Prices are always high, you find better value for this money in London. The location though is great! Not just next to the station but next to loads of shops and restaurants.  ",Date of stay: September 2018,4.0
520,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or525-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Delicious Lunch,"I had a great lunch, eating a delicious Caesar salad and fantastic sweet potatoes. All of this is made special thanks to the availability,kindness and professionalism of Luciano and Silvio. I'll definitely come back.",Date of stay: November 2018,5.0
521,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or525-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,poorish,"Definitely a bad experience, as soon as i arrived i had to wait a long time to have breakfast ,the place was so busy and the majority of the staff were totally indifferent to all my requests, the food was okish but nothing special, the only good thing was the waiter Marco who made me a great coffee and had a bit of banter {which changed my morning.}",Date of stay: November 2018,2.0
522,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or525-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Easy location if you're short on time!,"Since we only had 30 hours in London, we decided to stay at the Hilton Paddington since it's connected to the Paddington station. We were coming in from the Heathrow Express train so it made sense to stay here and not have to haul luggage around for such a short pitstop. The hotel can be accessed from the food court area of Paddington Station, just take the escalator up and it's on the second floor.   I was able to get the hotel for 1 night for 66 GDP through a family/friends discount. So cheap! It was on Easter, so maybe that's why?   We got in really early that Sunday morning, so we left our luggage with the hotel and had breakfast and visited a museum before coming back around 1 p.m. to check into our room. The front desk clerks were not the friendliest people, but the person…",Date of stay: April 2018,3.0
523,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or525-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Feels a bit like an airport terminal in a far-flung land,"Stayed one night at the Hilton. The staff were friendly; quite bizarrely I was told I was a VIP guest and had to wait to be formally greeted by a manager. Was promised tip top service and could call on her with any complaints... duly got to my room and found the key didn’t work... grrr... would have preferred a working key to hand-shake... Room was spacious, particularly for London, though in need of some TLC. However it was quiet in spite of the view over what I took to be the Westway. The bed was also comfortable- nice and firm. Some of my colleagues complained that their rooms were stifling hot but mine was at a pleasantly cool temperature. Breakfast was plentiful but no great shakes: fresh fruit was very limited to slightly unripe melon and over-ripe pineapple. A pet hate is…",Date of stay: November 2018,3.0
524,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or525-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Afternoon tea wonderful 18£,"Unfortunately, we did not sleep in this hotel but we have been fascinated by this beautiful structure... beautiful, even the bar 146. We took an afternoon tea, it Is full of sandwiches and sweets , instead of tea, our waiter Luciano has made us change our minds by taking cocktail the price of afternoon tea is 18 pound but there are many things to eat and including tea. You can reach the hotel with tube bus train and taxi",Date of stay: November 2018,5.0
525,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or530-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Have a nice lunch at the bar,"L'Hilton Paddington is a good meeting point, you can easily reach it with taxi train Metropolitan and bus, I took my coffee and met my friends, fortunately we were served by Luciano waiter who recommended me a good fish and cips. sure I will came back",Date of stay: November 2018,5.0
526,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or530-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,An ideally located hotel for exploring,Loved staying at this hotel which was so close to transport into the city as well as to Heathrow. Staff was very helpful. The room was very large and well kept though they were  in the process of updating the rooms.,Date of stay: November 2018,4.0
527,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or530-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Very handy stopping place ,"We don’t stay here but we use Paddington station a lot.  We have found it’s a great place to get dropped if by cab and then grab a drink before we hop on a train. Good staff, good service. Bars and coffee shops in a relaxing environment. ",Date of stay: November 2018,4.0
528,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or530-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Nice rooms, convenient, good breakfast. ",The hotel is nice and has great service. When there was a mix-up with our booking the manager kindly helped us to resolve it with no additional cost. The gentlemen who welcomed us at the door were friendly and charming and had good banter with the kids. Breakfast was good (although it could be better with the addition of smoked salmon) and we were looked after very well by Luciano and Mareo. Thanks guys! ,Date of stay: November 2018,5.0
529,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or530-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Amazing breakfast,"Very good service! Excellent food, good variety.  Luciano and Cristina are super nice, always paying attention to what guests need ! Warm place with very nice people! Very well located, metro in front of the hotel.",Date of stay: November 2018,5.0
530,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or535-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Nothing was good apart from the location ,"The only reason we chose this hotel is for the location. The meeting room was cold with non-working aircon. We chased the hotel staff 5 times yet the ""engineer"" never turned up to set the room temperature to optimal level.  Needless to say, the noise level was too much due to ongoing repair work.  Big rooms but below average quality.  Extremely poor customer service.  I would never go back to this property. ",Date of stay: November 2018,1.0
531,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or535-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Good, except for the outside noise","This is one of those great hotels with a ton of character. It's the old Great Western Hotel tied to the Great Western Railway that used to operate out of Paddington before British Rail. And the references are scattered throughout the hotel. The staff were helpful and friendly and my room was great. The only downside is the noise at the moment - there are renovations in the hotel, and a huge building demolition next door (north side) going at all hours of the night, not to mention the constant emergency services vehicles with sirens at all hours of the day. Perhaps that's a feature of the area. The hotel is very well connected with three subway lines underneath and the Heathrow Express at your door.",Date of stay: November 2018,4.0
532,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or535-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Convenient but not a great experience,"The only good thing i can say about this hotel is its connection to Paddington Station and the Airport train.  You can access the hotel directly from the station, and watch all the action in the station from the executive lounge.  Also, the neighborhood was interesting.  Other than that, the hotel is mostly under renovation, and not much fun.   For a 1-day stopover in London, the convenience outweighs the service and quality.  Hopefully it will be updated and restored soon and be ready to provide guests an experience which meets expectation for the Hilton brand.",Date of stay: November 2018,3.0
533,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or535-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Afternoon tea for 20 - fab food,The newly refurbished Brasserie has just reopened and it’s beautiful. We had full afternoon tea with Prosecco for 20 of us and it was all delicious. The staff were very helpful and attentive and it was great value for money. ,Date of stay: November 2018,5.0
534,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or535-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Who can sleep with this noise?,"The hotel itself is well appointed, and in a good location, and I have stayed here before, but this time I drew the short straw. I was in a room on the 1st floor which overlooked the London Street side. Room 118.I was incredibly tired and yet was still aware of loud noise as I tried to get to sleep.Eventually I did but I was woken at 3am by a huge collection of noises, people shotuing, lorries reversing, and unloading. The window in my room overlooking this urban cacophony was an old sash window, and had the noise cancelling efficency of a napkin. I never did get back to sleep after that. If you want to feel like you are in the belly of the beast that is London, then the rooms on this side of the hotel may suit you. If you want to get to sleep then I suggest you check carefully…",Date of stay: November 2018,2.0
535,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or540-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Ottima permanenza,"Supergood, Hotel with a super good team able to make your stay great. I really suggest this hotel and above all the breakfast is  super and Marzia and Silvio made a fantasticx italian coffe for us, very well done.",Date of stay: November 2018,5.0
536,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or540-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Good service,Good and helpful staff there! I stop there quite regularly when working in London as it's a good spot to work from. Thank you Luciano for your prompt service and being patient with the WiFi connection!,Date of stay: November 2018,4.0
537,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or540-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Old.  Needs to improve,"Great location. Great bed. Great selection of pillows. But the hotel is old. There was peeling wallpaper in the room.  Water stained ceilings. The door to the fridge was locked and turned off a couple of days into other stay spoiling medicine we put in the fridge. The air conditioner was too noisy to have on at night. The internet repeatedly cut out.  The food in the Executive Lounge is pretty poor. And we stayed in an executive room, for more than 7 days and paid over E340 per night. You must be able to find much better value for money in London.  I will be looking elsewhere next time.",Date of stay: May 2018,3.0
538,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or540-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Nice and easy,"Great place to stay close to Hyde Park and Central London. Rooms don't have a very picturesque view, but what would you expect for a Paddington Hotel. Rooms are very comfortable and spacious in London standards . A one minute walk to the tube station and easy to just jump on a bus, direct outside hotel.",Date of stay: December 2017,5.0
539,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or540-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Don’t use it at all  لا تستخدم هذا الفندق,"Two of the hotel employees entered my room while I’m out side and they stole my passport and my money, when I complained no one cared from the management I requested them many times to come, and when the operation Manager Armand came he started to ask ridiculous questions, and after that the security took the data from room door, then disappeared I asked him to call a police and he replied call them yourself!! He left me waiting from almost two hours then I went down to the reception and I pushed him to call the police, security is zero at this hotel and CCTV doesn’t work, and guess what the camera is just beside my room and it doesn’t work, the funny thing from taking the door data report they know who entered and stole me and the didn’t do anything, take my advice and be away…",Date of stay: November 2018,1.0
540,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or545-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great size rooms-very convenient for transport links,"We stayed one night at this hotel. The hotel can be accessed from within  Paddington Station so is very convenient for travellers. Check in was swift and the concierge team were obliging. The hotel is exceptionally clean and the rooms are generously-sized and well equipped. Beds were large and comfortable. When we retired to the room, we noticed that although the hotel is in a busy area, the windows are well sound-proofed with secondary glazing. Unfortunately at about 11.30PM  there was some protracted loud banging which sounded like building work going on inside the hotel. Breakfast was good but we found the evening meal to be limited and more akin to bar style meals. Certainly not for those who wish to partake in fine-dining. The main restaurant was closed for refurbishment…",Date of stay: November 2018,4.0
541,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or545-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Great value, friendly staff, large rooms and good location!","Hilton Paddington was old Great Western Railway buidling, because of that the building maybe old, but inside is renewed, and could not get any bigger room anywhere else in London for the regular room. Also, great location for Heathrow Express and Tubes.",Date of stay: November 2018,5.0
542,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or545-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Lunch,"Had lunch at the Hilton and was fortunate to be served by Luciano. Friendly, helpful and efficient - by far the best service I have received at this hotel. Food also very good and ideal location for taking the train. Thank you Luciano! ",Date of stay: November 2018,5.0
543,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or545-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Bar Closes 11pm, no alternative.",Weekend in London for England / New Zealand rugby. Group of 4 couples stayed at Hilton Paddington Hotel and rooms OK as far as what you’d expect. However upon returning to hotel at 11pm bar was closed and no alternative. Major city / major hotel not acceptable!! 4 couples ended up having early night on weekend in London!! If you want / expect to have a drink or just somewhere to spend time when returning to your hotel after an evening out then go elsewhere. Won’t be staying here again !,Date of stay: November 2018,2.0
544,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or545-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Easy access to all the sites.,"We stayed here on a weekend break to see the sights and meet up with old friends. The hotel is comfortable and welcoming, but at a cost (it is central London after all). You get what you pay for, this place is good.",Date of stay: September 2018,4.0
545,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or550-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Convenience to Paddington Station,"Coming from London Heathrow to Paddington Station on the Express train, no hotel is more convenient that the Hilton London Paddington - and the room was very comfortable.  The only issues we had were with reception, on check in and check out.  The information in the system did not match with my confirmation email and it took some time for the reception clerk to accept that Hilton had made an error.  Then on check out, I asked for a copy of my bill and was told it couldn't be provided because I had booked with an online agent.  The highlight of the stay was the breakfast, and particularly, the service we received by the breakfast waiter, Luciano.  He was extremely thoughtful and helpful and full of advice.",Date of stay: October 2018,4.0
546,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or550-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Excellent experience, allow access to fridge","Very good experience. Good hotel, comfy bed, good room. Enjoyed my stay. Two areas of improvement, allow access to fridge for those who need the fridge and not the minibar (you refused to give me access without taking £50 deposit despite me making it very clear that I will not use the minibar). So in a nutshell, no deposit = no fridge use. Not good at all. I left my water outside the window to drink chilled water! Breakfast was OK, more vegetarian options would make it better.",Date of stay: November 2018,4.0
547,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or550-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,More convenient than any Heathrow airport hotel for meetings,"The title may appear odd unless you have been to business meetings at Heathrow airport hotels as well as the Hilton in Paddington. Airport hotels are soulless plus at Heathrow none are very convenient, because they are all a taxi ride away on very busy roads.  However if you have attendees from the UK and overseas, the Hilton Paddington is a much better choice. If you get the airport express train (4 trains an hour) it will get you to Paddington in 15 minutes and the hotel is almost part of the station. There is a hotel entrance facing the train platforms on the first floor just above the M&S store. The hotel itself is good and has plenty of business meetings.  A couple of issues with my stay was that I was charged for the room even though it was prepaid but reception were quick…",Date of stay: November 2018,4.0
548,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or550-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Chilled Coffee ,"Had a lovely coffee and lunch and spent a couple of hours just chilling in their coffee lounge area. Lovely and very pleasant service by Luciano, thanks. It was lovely to stop off here, after arriving in London, before moving in to city ",Date of stay: November 2018,5.0
549,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or550-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Excellent,First time in here.  Very convenient  for Paddington station ( coming from Reading )  Prompt check-in. Thank you Anjum.  Large room - couldn’t find a twin beds - so settled for the king bed.  Nice decorations with the Hilton touches.  Front desk was king enough to extend  our check out till 14:00 being a Hilton Honours member. Thank you Amanda.  Highly recommended.,Date of stay: November 2018,5.0
550,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or555-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Better and Better ,"I have recently been staying at the Paddington Hilton Hotel after a break of a few years.  But decided to try it again as it’s located in such a convenient place. Get off the Train from the West Country, within 5 Minutes you can be at the Reception desk !  I have tried many of the Rooms sometimes opting for a Junior Suite. However, this time we booked a GWR Tower Room. Having been newly renovated it was great, and will be booking with Hilton again in a couple of weeks ! Staff at front desk very obliging, and helpful. Give it a try ",Date of stay: November 2018,4.0
551,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or555-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Central and convenient,"Hilton Paddington in London is located right in the railway station. So arriving through Heathrow and taking the Heathrow Express allows you to be in your hotel 20 minutes after you boarded the train at the airport. The staff at the hotel is very friendly. I am especially mentioning Luciano, an Italian. Chatty, always with a smile, making breakfast at the hotel an excellent start into the day. The rooms are quiet, beds really comfortable. I recommend the hotel as a good base for business and leisure travelers alike. The rail and tube connections are top.",Date of stay: November 2018,4.0
552,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or555-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Most convenient location with direct access from Heathrow Express -arrive in 15 minutes!,"Can't beat the location only 15 minutes direct access from Heathrow Airport, walk directly into hotel from Paddington Station.Great Hilton hotel, historical building with charm and newly renovated rooms.  Friendly staff, American Standard size rooms and amenities.Easy access to Underground outside hotel.",Date of stay: October 2018,5.0
553,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or555-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,five stars for the service,"we arrived from Italy in the middle of the night  and immediately received a very good welcome. Large breakfast, friendly and helpful staff thanks to the presence of many Italian waiters like Luciano. Reception valid but not always. I only had a problem with the hot water but everything was compensated with the many good points",Date of stay: October 2018,5.0
554,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or555-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Central Location and Great Service,"The Hotel is located directly at Paddington Station very close to the the Tube (Bakerloo, Hammersmith & City, Circle and District Line) and to the Heathrow Express Train. The Service is extremely friendly. The Hotel meets all Hilton Standards. I especially enjoyed the friendly and competent Service of Luciano from the breakfeast Team.",Date of stay: October 2018,5.0
555,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or560-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Decent location - nice snacks,Met a client here who was on the way to Heathrow and chose to sit in the coffee lounge rather than the bar which in retrospect had more room but coffee was OK in lounge and salmon and prawn sandwich was great with hot crunchy crisps. Good business meeting place - dont think would like iy for a personal meal,Date of stay: October 2018,3.0
556,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or560-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great location for casual business meeting,Used the restaurant facilities for a causal business meeting and lunch also.  Food was excellent and service by Luciano was first class. WiFi was easily accessible and a suitable speed. The hotel is conveniently located outside of Paddington station which is easy to travel to from anywhere in London.  ,Date of stay: October 2018,5.0
557,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or560-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great place to stay for Heathrow Airport,"I have stayed at the Hilton Paddington many times.  It is particularly useful to stay here if you want to be in central(ish) London, and still only 15 mins from Heathrow Airport.  It's a standard Hilton, so nothing spectacular to report, other than reception - which is slow/under-staffed, and the exec lounge - which is excellent, run by Michelangelo!",Date of stay: October 2018,4.0
558,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or560-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great spot for a meeting and food,Met up at the Hilton Paddington with some colleagues. Very convenient location with nice facilities and ended up staying for lunch. Great club sandwich (with tasty chips!) and excellent service from Luciano.,Date of stay: October 2018,5.0
559,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or560-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,1 night stay,We stayed here because our train was delayed and it’s next to Paddington station. The hotel decor and cleanliness was excellent and they provided a trace cot. Room was a bit cold and reception was difficult to get through but this was a time of emergency and they were very busy. Food was good and waiter Luciano was prompt and attentive to our toddler with extra cutlery and napkins for our messy toddler.,Date of stay: October 2018,4.0
560,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or565-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Extremely disappointing,"This hotel is usually so pricey that I find a close alternative despite being a Hilton Gold member. Found for a reasonable price and looked forward to seeing what warrants the usual expense. Reception very poor compared to other Hiltons where there is usually a warm welcome and thanks for loyalty. Very transactional, no welcome, no acknowledgement that usually they would try to upgrade members. Asked if I wanted to pay for breakfast even though it’s a benefit. No smile or interaction. Walked into room which was like being inside a refrigerator. Turned heating right up and waited in coat. After 45 minutes and no temp increase called to ask for it to be checked out. Went to reception to ask about getting a room switch, ‘we will look into it if we can’t fix it’... no apology for…",Date of stay: October 2018,2.0
561,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or565-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Best location for travel,"The location is fantastic. Unbeatable, if you need easy access to LHR and also the entire London Underground or greater UK train network. The room price was quite steep, but I had my company pay it anyway since I had an 8 am flight out of LHR, as the location was perfect for getting to my departure flight on time.",Date of stay: October 2018,5.0
562,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or565-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,London Paddington Hilton,"Very convenient location with no need to go outdoors to access Heathrow Express and Great West train lines or four different London Underground lines.  Accommodations are fresh and clean.  As a Hilton Dimond member, we were recognized for being an elite member in the dining room at breakfast.  I especially want to complement three servers in the Brasserie at breakfast: they are Nyson (Head Waiter), Luciano (Food & Beverage Assistant), and Michaelangelo (Food & Beverage Assistant) who remembered my favorite beverage each morning.  The business lounge should be open 24/7.",Date of stay: October 2018,4.0
563,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or565-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Amazing Staff at the resturant,"The staff were absolutely amazing, the two that stood out the most were Luciano and Marzia. My daughter as kidney disease which means she needs her food a different way Luciano took was very patient as I don't usually need to explain how to make it the way my daughter likes it, the food was ready with less than 10 minutes. I was in the queue to get into the buffet and there was a huge line Marzia was handling the queue by herself, unfortunately, I forgot to pay for the service she kindly reminded me about it she then continued to help me and my family. I would like these two kind employes to have a promotion.",Date of stay: October 2018,5.0
564,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or565-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Fabulous GWR Tower room,"Wow, what a gorgeous part of a beautiful hotel. Loved everything about it, from the beautiful lift lobby and corridors to the exceptional guest rooms.  Lots of very well thought details and serene colour scheme with Art Deco touches give the Tower rooms a very positively different feel to any other hotel room in my experience.",Date of stay: October 2018,5.0
565,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or570-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Breakfast ,Great buffet breakfast.  Find Luciano.  He’s very attentive.  Brought me fresh coffee twice then a latte with out my having to ask!   Super nice guy from Italy.  Alison the hostess is also very friendly.  Check it out if you’re at staying at the Hilton Paddington!,Date of stay: October 2018,5.0
566,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or570-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Lunch in the Executive lounge,"I was visiting London using the train for a business meeting.  The Hilton is a very convenient location.  So good to receive great service from Luceiano, Tiago & Nixon - It makes such a difference to served with smiling faces and polite people - Thank you guys!",Date of stay: October 2018,5.0
567,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or570-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews, Very closed to Train station in downtown,"This Hilton has good location which is in Paddington downtown. If you have late flight to London and move to Paddington, really recommend to stay here for one night. The decoration is little out date, but overall it’s still good to stay due the the good location. Breakfast is good too, you can have it in the morning with lots of choice of food and coffee.",Date of stay: October 2018,4.0
568,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or570-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Very good for getting around London,"A lot of positives about the hotel - transport being the best.  Quick train to airport.  A few different tube lines avail right from station attached to hotel.  You can also walk to other lines.  Station attached also has a few shops and  places to eat or get food.  Would be great for bad weather.  The hotel had a great bed w good sheets.  We did have good help from one of the concierge planning out our activities and pubs and restaurants. Wifi was good, but did have to relog on every day.    Hotel Concerns - enough hot water for the building?  A few days our showers were not warm enough.  I did let the staff know, and I could tell they worked on the shower, but the next day we had the same issue again.  We did not find the area to be very ""exciting.""  Not a bad area, but not…",Date of stay: October 2018,3.0
569,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or570-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Under construction ,"Don’t book the GWR rooms as part of this wing is now under construction or refurbishment and it’s extremely noisy with banging, drilling and jack hammer etc.   It’s absolutely incredible that this hotel continues to charge a premium rate for rooms next to a construction site, Unacceptable! ",Date of stay: October 2018,1.0
570,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or575-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Attendance,The hotel have a great attendance. Excellent breakfast and the acommodation so good. I highlight the attendance of the waiters TIAGO and SILVIO. They are friendly and attentive. The location of the hotel is really very good. The business center is very well structured. Internet in the rooms very good as well.,Date of stay: October 2018,5.0
571,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or575-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great Rooms & Breakfast,"Room was spacious and very clean, incredibly convenient access from Paddington (walk right to the hotel from the station), and excellent breakfast (in particular, great service from Luecano Salvatore)",Date of stay: October 2018,5.0
572,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or575-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Excellent Service in Coffee/Bar Lounge,Superbly looked after for a whole morning ordering food and drinks whilst we worked in the bar area.   Lveiano and Jiago from the Hilton were fantastic! Fast service and very attentive. Food and drink was of a high quality.,Date of stay: October 2018,5.0
573,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or575-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Coffee at Breakfast,I’ve stayed at Hilton Paddington many many times so far. This time I’d like to express my big like for the coffee level and quality at Breakfast.  Coffee made by Luciano and Michel Angelo and was no less than perfect!  Breakfast becomes better and better there.,Date of stay: October 2018,4.0
574,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or575-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Not Hilton Standard,Britain has its own standards and prices and London is a league on its own. But this property is not Hilton standard at all. Maybe it was jus the room (605). The electric plugs bedside are even more strange than the standard British plugs - some odd format I have not seen on any continent before. So British converts don't work. The rooms are old and worn. Be prepared  to pay GBP300plus for a room not meeting former Eastern Block standards. I don't know how anyone could rate this run down hotel five points - it is to the  point (and I hardly do that) where I would say that I would not want to pay for it.,Date of stay: October 2018,1.0
575,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or580-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,great service,good breakfast.Luciano was very helpful and friendly. nice rooms. air conditioner was out of order though. facilities were a bit outdated. The receptionists at the front desk need to work on their social skills.,Date of stay: October 2018,4.0
576,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or580-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,from time to time we do some experiments,"Just arrived from Heathrow we decided to go for breakfast in Hilton as we are used to great breakfast buffets (experience for example from Double Tree Tower Bridge). Unfortuantely we had to take our luggage with us and could not deposit at entrance. The buffet itself was not disappointing but average. The service was fine, people took care. The whole did not quite meet our expectation.",Date of stay: October 2018,3.0
577,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or580-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Beuatiful and comfortable hotel,"An excellent place to stay. The room was spacious and very comfortable. The bed was amazing, we slept so well! It's convenient being attached to Paddington Station. It's lovely coming off a 5 and half hour train journey, checking in and going straight to bed with no taxi, bus or tube to negotiate. A real luxury in Central London. Staff were very friendly and the breakfast was excellent.",Date of stay: October 2018,5.0
578,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or580-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Decent hotel with good amenities,"We stayed there for one night only to catch a train from Paddington station next day you can walk from the hotel directly to the station. It’s a good location, close to lot of restaurants and shopping options.",Date of stay: October 2018,3.0
579,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or580-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Good wifi and breakfast,The wifi was very easy to connect to and is very fast. Very good breakfast service especially the waiter absolutely killed it!!!!! Shout out to you Marco! (we downloaded tripadvisor for you) The german tourists are comvinced. 👍,Date of stay: October 2018,4.0
580,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or585-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Breakfast,"The breakfast at Hilton Paddington was delicious and the service provided by Marco was superb. It has different types of cheese and it was very delicious. The best part about it is that you can choose what you want and can take it yourself. It was most enjoyable and a very exciting experience for us. It also had different types of food like vegetarian, western. The food is very yummy and the staff are very polite. BEST EXPERIANCE EVER.",Date of stay: October 2018,5.0
581,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or585-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,The Brasserie Service,"Excellent service by Marco, Jaya, Luciano, and Nyson.  Not only was the food tasty and service great, but the head waiter was generous with his time regarding information about the city and helped me download an app for directions for my travels in the city. Great cappuccinos and spicy avacado rye bread with poached egg!",Date of stay: October 2018,5.0
582,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or585-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Thank guys,Just I caming for breakfast and I found a good service by Luciano Michelangelo and Salvatore they take care on me  At reception was Ilaria to give me a smile and I star my beautiful day. I will came back.,Date of stay: October 2018,5.0
583,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or585-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Convenient Location, Good breakfast, Friendly staff","Adjacent to Paddington Station, very convenient for the Heathrow Express. I stay here around three times a year and appreciate being able to walk straight to the hotel lobby from the train station platform within minutes especially after a long flight, and visa versa when leaving from Heathrow.  The hotel is also directly over the London Underground Paddington Station.  Breakfast is very good with a large selection and eggs cooked to order. I've always found the staff friendly with a helpful concierge desk and doorman.  Regarding breakfast this morning, the staff seemed to go out of their way to make sure guests were being served well and looked after.  In particular Ilaria who seated me and looking after my table were waiters Luciano and Michelangelo.",Date of stay: October 2018,4.0
584,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or585-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Faulty Alarm System,"Guests were forced to evacuate the Paddington Hilton at 3.30am on Sept 22, 2018. We all stood in the cold streets for an hour. There was no explanation or compensation from the staff or the hotel management. I was told in an email later that the alarm system can be triggered by numerous things, such as steam, perfume spray, makeup sprays. This particular time, steam from a shower set it off. We have never stayed in a hotel with this situation and will not stay at the Paddington Hilton again.",Date of stay: September 2018,1.0
585,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or590-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Poor Service at Hilton Paddington,There is no valet or self parking at this hotel.   They send you to a public garage a mile away.  Don't expect the concierge or front desk to help you either. One does not know where the parking is and the concierge smirks and disrespects you.  You can do a lot better in London and in Paddington.  Take your business elsewhere.,Date of stay: October 2018,1.0
586,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or590-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Shocking customer service,"I stayed with my family at the Hilton London Paddington for two nights in May 2017. Upon check-in, a security deposit of GBP 95 was charged, with an undertaking that this will be refunded within one month after check-out. After noticing towards the end of 2017 that this deposit has still not been refunded, I contacted the reservations department, and had numerous e-mail exchanges trying to resolve this matter. Several of my e-mails were simply ignored, and I eventually managed to get hold of somebody willing to assist with great difficulty. The subsequent response and way the issue has been dealt with can only be described as shocking, and the deposit has still not been refunded, more than 17 months later. I would strongly advise against staying at this hotel in order to avoid a…",Date of stay: November 2017,1.0
587,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or590-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Perfect location for train travelers,"I chose this hotel purely for its location, literally inside Paddington Station. We used Heathrow Express and GWR trains several times during our stay and it could not have been more convenient or economical. Our deco-style room was well appointed and very quiet, also ready for an early check-in which was much appreciated after an overnight flight. The staff was great, service good and there were always lots of cabs outside. As a hotel connected to a major transportation hub without a lot of noise, I don't think you'll find a better value.",Date of stay: September 2018,4.0
588,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or590-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Excellent hotel with great access in London,"An excellent hotel in London - Great access to trains, the tube, and the Heathrow Express.  We particularly appreciated the Hilton Honors Gold upgrades.  Hotel staff was very courteous and helpful.  Rooms are very clean.",Date of stay: September 2018,5.0
589,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or590-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Fantastic !!,"Sensational hotel as you would expect from a Hilton. Easily accessible by tube, or overground. Staff very friendly and provided an excellent service, an absolutely faultless stay. Recommended to all and will definitely stay again.",Date of stay: October 2018,5.0
590,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or595-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Right in the train station,"Arrived from Heathrow and didn’t exactly know how to gain access to the hotel, so walked around the side - which isn’t very nice.  Should have read reviews as you gain access from right inside the station.  Had a room on the fourth floor after initially given a room on first.  Given access to Executive lounge after reception initially refused.  Room overlooking Main Street was nice and large - relatively little noise from Main Street.  ",Date of stay: October 2018,4.0
591,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or595-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Very good in a great location,"If you're looking for convenience in a nice hotel, look no more.  We had a great stay.  Poonam checked us in early, which was great after the long flight.  The room was nice, with modern conveniences such as USB charging ports next to the bed. The charge converters that we brought didn't fit but front desk kindly lent us one.   The executive lounge was good and breakfast was fantastic.  The hotel has a few age spots in the halls but overall it was great.",Date of stay: October 2018,4.0
592,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or595-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,A hotel that really works,"As a fairly regular leisure traveller it’s really important for me to make arrangements that are reliable and minimise stress.  For me the combination of the Paddington Hilton and Heathrow Express sets a benchmark for hassle free transfers to and from Heathrow airport.  I used it recently for an early morning departure and late evening arrival and, as usual, everything worked perfectly.  The hotel has all the brand values you would expect from an upscale property.  I stayed in an Executive room going out and a Tower room coming back.  Both were v well equipped with all the amenities a traveller needs.  I especially liked the Art Deco furniture including desk in the Tower room.  Lounge access for both was a real benefit.  All in all a great place to stay. ",Date of stay: October 2018,5.0
593,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or595-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Amazing location and breakfast,"The hotel is located in a very strategic region. The hotel installations are very good and they also have an amazing breakfast service. Thiago, pablo and Silvio were very good making me feel like in home.",Date of stay: October 2018,5.0
594,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or595-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Amazing Location!,"Let me start by saying that this hotel is in the perfect location! You can take the Heathrow Express train, arrive in 15 minutes from the airport and walk right into the hotel without going outside. You can also take local subways to tourist attractions just across the street. There are lots of restaurants, shops and convenience stores in the immediate area as well.   The building itself is very regal looking from the outside. I arrived about three hours before check in so the handsome front desk agent, who was in training, granted me access to the Executive Lounge, where I rested until my room was ready. Another agent seemed to be offering 'upgraded' rooms in the Tower for an additional 60 pounds per night.  I had breakfast and lunch in the Brasserie on the ground floor and the…",Date of stay: October 2018,3.0
595,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or600-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Good service,"Stayed for at the hotel for a business meeting. The personnel was all very friendly and helpful. At the breakfast buffet Marco provided a great service, very friendly. The hotel is very well located if you are flying from Heathrow.",Date of stay: October 2018,4.0
596,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or600-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Level of Service,"The best part of my day is the mornings, but the great part of my day is to find positive energized people in my path.  Every morning of my stay at the Paddington Hilton I looked forward to find two of the most high level professional service associates, AT THE FULL BREAKFAST BUFFET, to be pampered with positive exceptional care, tender treatment, respect and a lot of concern for my needs.  Other than full breakfast being free, meeting MARZIA and LUCIANO was a great blessing to me, they made my day by providing  great level of service with high sense of urgency, THANK YOU TO BOTH and the management team that hires people with such caliber.",Date of stay: October 2018,5.0
597,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or600-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"poor service, poor value","I checked in online prior to arrival for 8 night stay.  I arrived early, and room was not ready (was not expecting room to be ready). Hilton offered me another room, but that particular room had bad TA reviews (that particular room was the room Hilton had picked for me, and based on reviews, I picked my own).  Therefore I decided to wait for the room I checked if for online.  I was told to check back, and did multiple times until I got to 3PM and was still not ready.  They then worked it and said my room was now ready at 3:15pm, but it was not the room I selected.  They said there was an issue with that room (turns out, they gave it to someone else, probably while I was waiting).  They put me int a room on top floor that was very hot and did not cool off at night (the entire 6th…",Date of stay: October 2018,2.0
598,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or600-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great Breakfast,"My breakfast was uncommonly good, with the eggs and bacon cooked to perfection.  The fresh orange juice was the best I've had in the UK, and the hash browns were very good as well as the service from Nyson which was excellent. The WIFI had some issues, and the toast was average, but otherwise was an excellent breakfast.  The Paddington Express train takes you right to the hotel from the airport.",Date of stay: October 2018,5.0
599,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or600-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Excellent value.,"First, a negative. The reception staff were simply awful, curt and dismissive. Felt privileged to have been afforded an answer. Both “ladies” on duty at 11.00 pm on Friday 5th need re- training. This in no way reflects the quality of the hotel in general or the restaurant staff who could have taught the reception dragons a lesson in courtesy and polite service.  For rail travellers the hotel is perfectly located with a direct walkway from Paddington station into reception. The rooms were enormous and very well equipped, and the breakfast was one of the best we have experienced in a London hotel. How dare the reception staff let the whole staff down!  ",Date of stay: October 2018,4.0
600,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or605-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Nice location and clean,"I love the location, it's clean, good food, good service and priced just right. Went here on a short business trip and enjoyed everything.  Thanks again!  Will visit for leisure the next time I'm in town.  Aaron Wernli",Date of stay: September 2018,5.0
601,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or605-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Good rest between the flights - great location ,"My flight from Copenhagen was delayed for more than four hours, and I missed my connecting flight to Dublin from STN.  Next available flight was in the morning from LHR. Hotel booking over the phone was very easy, I was welcomed by the concierge upon arrival around midnight, and went directly to bed.  I forgot to order a wake up call and overslept- there was, unfortunately, no time for breakfast, I was rather upset, but the shift manager kindly refunded the breakfast.  The location of the hotel is perfect: in 20 min I was at the airport (Heathrow express) and got to the gate in time. My hotel room was clean and the bed was very comfortable - I got the sleep I needed. I can only recommend Hilton London Paddington if one flies from LHR.",Date of stay: May 2018,5.0
602,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or605-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Excellent location, comfort galore","We took a family room of 4, which was spacious and comfortable. The great location above London Paddington Station is gives you the best connectivity to the city and to  Heathrow airport. The hotel restaurant is excellent, and there are also restaurants in the Paddington Station and around.",Date of stay: November 2017,5.0
603,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or605-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great Stay Especially the Access to Paddington Station's Express Train,"Wanted to end our stay in a familiar environment and the Hilton hit the mark right on.  We extensively used the Underground during our last few days and could stay out of the rain by using the access to the train station.  Also, made for a very easy trip to Heathrow the morning of our departure on the Heathrow Express train.  Great end to our trip.",Date of stay: September 2018,5.0
604,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or605-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Convenient location,"This hotel is very convenient for visiting London, especially if you need to use Paddington station. Breakfast is good although if you leave it late popular items are slow to be replaced on the serve yourself buffet. The rooms are furnished to a reasonable standard and housekeeping are very efficient and friendly. The reception is well organised and they are very attentive",Date of stay: December 2017,4.0
605,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or610-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Fabulous visit,"Lovely hotel, lovely rooms fantastic location for sight seeing and walking distance to Hyde park, Oxford Street and walking distance to the bus stops that do the big bus tour! Fab location if you get off the train at Paddington the hotel is virtually in the stations and shares a roof with it! When we return to London next year we will definitely come back to you!  The breakfast in the morning was fantastic! Best hotel breakfast we have ever had! All cooked beautifully and remained hot! We are staying at Hilton Cardiff in a few weeks I just hope it’s as good! I’m confident it will be! Definitely use your hotels again!",Date of stay: September 2018,5.0
606,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or610-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,So convenient but a lot of drama,Lovely room although it was like a labyrinth to find it! The helpful staff even weighed our bags when I realized I forgot our scale.  We had an emergency evacuation at 3:40 AM and found there were no staff helping to direct us after exiting the building. No explanation was given for standing in the rain for an hour. In the morning we were told it was a hot shower and hairspray that set off the fire alarm. Sounded lame to me.  But we were only a one minute walk from Paddington so we literally walked to the Heathrow Express in two minute. Best possible place to stay when flying out of Heathrow.  ,Date of stay: September 2018,4.0
607,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or610-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Good service at restaurant, rubbish housekeeping","I'd like to express my huge dissatisfaction of housekeeping and reception which were never available and never answering calls when needed. Out of 5 nights in the hotel I managed to get bathrobe only on 4th day. Very disappointing. On the contrary, service and food restaurant were great! Very helpful, friendly and professional staff! I'd like to specifically mention waiter Marco and hostess Marzia. These two with open smiles and friendliness were making my mornings brighter!",Date of stay: September 2018,4.0
608,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or610-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Hit and miss experience,"I've had a good experience here, noted last year and a less enjoyable one most recently.   After a horrendous wait and quite a trek, the room was awful. Booking the Hilton I expected the rooms to be similar in standard, least of all in the same hotel. I wouldn't stay in the inital room. The smell of stale smoke was disgusting and the carpet and furnishings were significantly worn.  I went back to reception and got a lukewarm response while a manager was called. It took almost an hour before I got another room.  Thankfully this second room met what I consider to be Hilton's standard.   The rest of the weekend was fine and without incident. It's a very busy hotel in a great location close to Paddington Station. So big that it's impersonal and they need to dramatically improve…",Date of stay: March 2018,3.0
609,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or610-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,The best choice to connect with Paddington station,"Hilton London Paddington hotel is linked to the Paddington station that comfort you for taking a rail or link to 3 Tube lines easily.  If your room type has the lounge access, now there is only one lounge (Executive lounge) on Ground floor.  No Tower lounge anymore.",Date of stay: September 2018,5.0
610,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or615-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Best Breakfast!!,"The breakfast at the hotel was one of the best I have had in London. There was a great range of options to choose from. The staff was very helpful and especially Marco, Marzia, Joanna and Luciano were very friendly and gave me top tips for my stay in London!",Date of stay: September 2018,5.0
611,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or615-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Traditional Afternoon tea,"Afternoon tea on a sunny weekday at the London Hilton near Paddington Station was very pleasant and relaxing. We were shown to a table with comfortable seating by the window. A menu was shown with full explanation of what we will be getting by the friendly server. A 3 tiered cake stand was presented with one level of sweet cakes, scones with small pots of jam and clotted cream,and the assorted sandwiches on white and brown bread .There was also brown rolls with fillings of beef and some salad leaves. I felt the bread was rather dry and sandwich fillings rather limited. Service was very friendly and accommodating with fresh refills of tea or any other beverages provided at no extra charge. ",Date of stay: September 2018,4.0
612,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or615-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Luciano our server,We have eaten at the Hilton for the last two days and Luciano has been our server. He is the most efficient and professional waiter we have had since our stay in London. He made sure our request were met with the chef,Date of stay: September 2018,5.0
613,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or615-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Fire Alarm Works well,Stayed at this after arriving from late international flight. Definitely needs refurbishing..which is being undertaken..rooms older style which is fine  but basic. 4 am fire alarm caused evacuation of building..Well handled by staff in trying circumstances.. Quickly and professionally assisted from the building and returned when all clear given. Staff professional and helpful..But the building needs a lot of work.,Date of stay: September 2018,3.0
614,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or615-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Met my expectations,Arrived at the London Paddington Hilton late at night after a long haul flight from Australia. Staff were very helpful. Room very comfortable. Beds were soft and comfortable. The full English breakfast was amazing with an assortment of cereals yoghurt fruit and cooked food. Our waiter Marco was very attentive and courteous. Thank you Hilton for giving us a good first impression of London. I would certainly visit again.,Date of stay: September 2018,5.0
615,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or620-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Breakfast at Hilton London Paddington,Amazing service throughout my whole breakfast. I was served by Luciano and Loanna who provided me with exceptional service. My drinks was consistently refilled without the need of being asked. I have had many breakfast buffets at many Hilton hotels and this was by far the best service I had ever received. Would definetely come back again and recommend to anyone who is looking for a continental buffet or just waiting to pass time. The buffet was definetely worth the £22.,Date of stay: September 2018,5.0
616,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or620-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Evacuated at 4:00 am, no communication from hotel staff, very poorly handled.","I booked 2 nights at the Hilton, London, Paddington because it was convenient for a 2 night visit while doing a stop over on my flight from Athens to San Francisco.  In the early hours of Saturday, September 22, 2018, around 4:00 am the alarm system activated and a message was broadcast to evacuate the hotel immediately.  This in itself was scary enough but coming out into the hallway there were no staff members to direct anyone, the fire doors were closed and trying to find the exit stairs in a panic from the emergency wake up was very challenging.  Once in the lobby trying to exit the hotel out onto the street was also not easy, no staff members in site and all doors except one were locked.  I had to wait for another guest to try and get her dog crate through the door.  Not…",Date of stay: September 2018,4.0
617,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or620-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Breakfast complemented by Italian hospitality,"I stayed at Hilton Paddington for three nights. The hotel is nice and centrally located, and has great connectivity to Heathrow. But what made the real difference for me was the restaurant staff. I was delighted to arrive at breakfast each morning, greeted and looked after by the Luciano, Marco, and Marzia. Excellent service! ",Date of stay: September 2018,5.0
618,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or620-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Fantastic service during Breakfast,"A fantastic service. During our business breakfasts Marco, Luciano and Marzia have been extremely kind, efficient and friendly. Plus, they all speak italian and know how to make a real coffee. Service makes the difference! Grazie. ",Date of stay: September 2018,5.0
619,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or620-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great Location,"Join Hilton Honour and book through the App to get points and good benefits. Rooms and bathrooms are better in the GWR Tower. Getting to those rooms is a bit complicated. Plenty of restaurants, rail and bus stops around. Direct access to Heathrow Express.",Date of stay: September 2018,4.0
620,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or625-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,No air conditioning of heat,My room was over 80 degrees F. or 27 degrees Celsius and the thermostat didn't work. I was staying for 7 days and they bring up fans which just moved around hot air. It was ridiculous. I would definitely ask whether they have their HVAC system working before booking a room. Then my partner (we were here on business) his room was so cold he had to wear his jacket when he was sleeping. They brought him up a portable heater. For the price I would have thought they would have working air conditioning and heat. They never offered any discount for the uncomfortable stay. I am also allergic to feathers and my profile always has this but they put feather pillows and a feather quilt in the room. Could they get anything right?...  Would not recommend,Date of stay: September 2018,1.0
621,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or625-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Evie Mansfield,"I am staying at the London Paddington Hilton for one week. Two of your most outstanding employees in the dining service department are Ilaria and Michelangelo. Also, in the concierge department I would like to mention Mario who is the very best!",Date of stay: September 2018,5.0
622,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or625-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Superb location ,"This was second time that I stayed at the Hilton and I was pleased with the accommodation. This time we spent a little more and had an executive room with access to thd executive lounge. What a treat that was. Lovely breakfast, drinks throughout the day, sandwiches for lunch, afternoon tea and happy hour. Having access to Paddington Station was also brilliant. Late check out was offered too which was wonderful. ",Date of stay: September 2018,5.0
623,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or625-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Super brekfast,"I’m staying at this hotel and today 22/09/18 I’m having a incredible breakfast served by Marco attentive and super professional, compliments to Federico the floor manager who just made me the best authentic Italian cappuccino   the best Hilton in London. Highly recommend the breakfast.",Date of stay: September 2018,5.0
624,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or625-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Superb Service by Marco,"I had the pleasure of being served by Marco at breakfast this morning. He was extremely welcoming and attentive. I had a long week with work and was exhausted from the night before, without even requesting Marco offered to make me an authentic Italian cappuccino. The cappuccino was amazing, it truly made my morning.😊  Marco and his accent were delightful, especially for this solo traveler. I would highly recommend Marco as your host if dining with Hilton Paddington.  Thanks Marco, Hilton is lucky to have you.  - Lady Traveler  IG @aDeluxeLady",Date of stay: September 2018,5.0
625,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or630-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Amazing Breakfast Service!!,"Coming in for breakfast can often be a hit and miss in most big hotel chains, but this was a great experience thanks to the incredible service from Marco in the hotel restaurant. Polite & professional.",Date of stay: September 2018,5.0
626,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or630-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Its still a nice hotel,"This will be my second review of hilton hotel, paddington as we stayed there two years ago, while this trip was all work no fun.  The rooms have been described in full and to great length, so i think we can skip the lengthy description, i had room 472 it overlooks the station but was high enough to be quite at night. The rooms are small but clean and tidy, with good internet wifi connections. I really have no complaints about the room exept for the shower its still small....  Check in was simple and done in 5 minutes, the staff pleasant and helpfull. So what does that leave. Well the breakfast was great though i do not like sitting at small round lounge tables to eat breakfast. But the food was awsome at breakfast.  The restaraunt in the evening turns italian, and takes on…",Date of stay: September 2018,4.0
627,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or630-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Business visit - good service/breakfast, poor wifi","Nice rooms, clean, excellent service and welcoming staff. Shoutout to Marco at the bar for an excellent breakfast service and coffee. Delicious omelette, highly recommend : )   The wifi is poor, I needed to continuously re login to the page from both laptop and mobile, a real pain to work with it. When on VPN it would work for a couple minutes and then drop the VPN connection, impossible to work",Date of stay: September 2018,4.0
628,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or630-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Best Hilton in London,"The service, convenience and location of the Hilton Paddington makes one of the best places to stay while in London.  The Heathrow express drops you off at the Hotel.  You have access from the station to the hotel lobby without going outside.  Excellent service.",Date of stay: September 2018,5.0
629,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or630-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Good service,Thanks Nyson Very good position for using Heathrow Expres having all necessary capabilities.  Near to shopping areas and any others downtown destinations.  Breakfast is a very good option meeting all important requirements. ,Date of stay: September 2018,5.0
630,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or635-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Very convenient and well-appointed property,"This is one of the nicest Hilton Hotels I have stayed at and also perhaps the most conveniently located. With direct access to Paddington Station, this hotel is perfect if you are in transit between London and the rest of the UK including the express train to Heathrow. I had considered staying right at Heathrow, but this was much nicer than the hotels at the airport and also actually easier to use for an overnight prior to or after a flight. The only problems I ran into were that the air conditioning could not be controlled from the room (and there were no extra blankets), and there are no plugs located next to the bedside tables, just at the desk across the room. These practicalities aside, this is an excellent choice and an amazing deal considering it is Central London.",Date of stay: September 2018,4.0
631,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or635-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Location location location ,"My stay in London was very brief and I had an early flight out of Heathrow Airport on my last day. So Hilton Paddington was perfect as the Heathrow Express starts/finishes off here and it is only a 15 minute train ride either direction.  Access to hotel can be from the street or from inside the station. Great access to the Underground using the Bakerloo, Circle/District lines.  Breakfast was included in the price. Fantastic! Only thing is with the Hilton is paying for internet. Just over £12/day, especially when I am barely there.  Orherwise perfect location for a quick trip to London.",Date of stay: September 2018,4.0
632,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or635-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Love this hotel!,We love the convenience and comfort of the Hilton Paddington. Can't beat being 15min away from Heathrow! We’ve been coming here for 15 years in between two flights between the US and our next European destination but also when needing to stay here on business and we’ve never been disappointed. Actually they have upped their game lately by renovating their gym equipment and also making a huge effort to recognize their HH members. Checkin was flawless. Then at breakfast we’ve received outstanding recognition/service from the hostess thanking us for being HH Gold Members and then by our two waiters Luciano and Nyson who provided excellent service and made delicious and beautiful Cappuccinos! Thanks Luciano for teaching Nyson ;) We didn’t get the lounge access this time but it’s…,Date of stay: September 2018,5.0
633,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or635-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Fabulous hotel in excellent location,"Stayed 3 nights before we caught train from Paddington Station to Heathrow. Staff were very efficient on check in/out and even allowed us an extra late checkout without additional charge. Room was comfy, spacious and very clean. Location is excellent for train travel to Heathrow and in walking distance of Little Venice, Kensington Gardens and other canals. Great dining options and buses and tube immediately outside hotel. Would choose to stay here again and highly recommend. ",Date of stay: September 2018,5.0
634,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or635-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Grat location, friendly service, will definitely be back","We have just returned from London after a weekend break in London and stayed at the Hilton Paddington for the first time.  It is literally located in the train station so when you arrive by train there is no onward journey and sound is not a problem. The GWR rooms are fantastic and well worth the extra cost.  Breakfast (full English), afternoon tea and apero drinks are all included in the price.  Rooms and bathroom are fantastic with plenty of space and closets.  We walked everywhere from the hotel but the tube station is also located next to the hotel so returning from west end at night or simply from visiting/shopping is not a problem.  Returning to London next month and will definitely be staying her.",Date of stay: September 2018,5.0
635,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or640-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Disappointing stay,"Being a Hilton Honors member, I booked a 4 night stay in this  hotel last January, 8 months in advance, to coincide with the end of a fabulous cruise on Seabourn Ovation. On the 2nd day I noticed that there was no bottled water in our room, something that you come to expect in a 5 star hotel. When I rang to find out why, I was told that guests were only given complementary water for the first night. I could’t believe what I was hearing! I have stayed at some of the top hotels in the world like ShangriLa, Fairmont, Sofitel, Raffles, Ritz Carlton, Mulia, interContinental and Mandarin, and little things make  a difference. It was only when I complained that 2 bottles were supplied, for which I was grateful.",Date of stay: September 2018,3.0
636,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or640-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,You can't beat the location and convenience!,"My husband and I recently stayed here for 4 nights, and you really can't beat the convenience of this hotel. You can easily pop over to the hotel from the station, making it very convenient for the Heathrow Express. We also did a day trip to Oxford while staying here, with a direct train from Paddington to Oxford station (only took about 50 mins).  Additionally, the Paddington tube stop for the Circle and District lines (the ones you will more than likely use most often) is right across the street, literally a 30 second walk from the hotel lobby. We normally stay around the Victoria station area, so this was our first stay near Paddington. Although it takes a bit longer on the tube to get to destinations like Westminster and Picadilly Circus, it's still not bad at all for…",Date of stay: August 2018,4.0
637,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or640-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Our 2nd visit at this property, and it is still the BEST!","Our first stay at this property was three years ago.  On our recent UK visit a few weeks ago, we booked here again!  Great decision, great rooms, and great service!  For what our London visit required, this was the perfect location!  This hotel offers many amenities that our family used.  GREAT concierge service, purchasing tickets for the Express train to Heathrow, helping with phone numbers, a delicious morning breakfast, nice shops below near the train station, and a central location with our London activities.  The Paddington Hilton is located next to a tube stop, and the train station with the Paddington Express to Heathrow.  This is a BIG convenience!  Must also thank this hotel for the exceptional service of their staff.  The hotel is so clean inside, the brass shines! …",Date of stay: August 2018,5.0
638,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or640-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Convenient to Hyde Park, Mayfair, Regent Street and LHR Express!","Great breakfast and team member Luciano took wonderful care of us Saturday morning before we headed out!   The rooms are very comfortable, and staff friendly. The exercise room could use more space but if that’s our biggest problem, no worries!   I’ve stayed here many times on biz and it’s very consistent. The Heathrow Express really is 15 minutes to T2 right from the station at the hotel. So easy for early morning departures with a great evening on the twin the night before.",Date of stay: September 2018,4.0
639,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or640-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,good restaurant service!,"ロンドン旅行で家族で利用しました！ パディントン駅からのアクセスも抜群でとても立地が良いと思います！ ロンドンステイにはオススメです〜！  I stayed at this hotel with my family for 3nights, and I had breakfast in the hotel restaurant every morning.   A style of breakfast is a buffet, and we can take many kinds of vegetables, breads and of course bacons!  All of them were so delicious and the service was also great!  The waiters served sincerely and they were full of smile, so I felt pleasant in every morning!!  Lastly, especially the service of Tiago, the waiter of the restaurant was soooo good!!! I and my family could have great morning thanks to him!  I was so glad to stay at the hotel during my London days! THANKS!!",Date of stay: September 2018,4.0
640,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or645-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,駅に直結で便利,"ロンドン旅行のため宿泊しました。 ヒースロー空港からのアクセスはもちろん、 地下鉄、バスにもすぐに乗れる場所にあるので 非常に便利でした。  部屋は、清掃が行き届いており、新しくはないですが快適に過ごせました。  朝ごはんのクオリティーが高いと感じました。 ビュッフェ形式の朝食でイギリスらしいBreakfast を楽しめます。  また、スタッフがフレンドリーで紅茶やコーヒーを提供してくれます。  ロンドンに来た時は、また利用したいと思います。  I really enjoyed my stay at this hotel. I always had good time when I went to restaurant for breakfast because stuffs were really friendly!!  Especially, Luciano!!  Thank you for your good service and hot chocolate. ",Date of stay: September 2018,4.0
641,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or645-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Hilton London Paddington is the place to stay in you plan on using the Heathrow Express,Very convenient. You step on the train at LRH and in 15 minutes you are at the Hilton London Paddington. Then wheel your luggage off and take the lift upstairs to the Hotel - same on the way back. Purchase your tickets in advance for a discount. I wouldn't stay anywhere else while in London.,Date of stay: September 2018,5.0
642,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or645-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"very good stay, and great breakfast!","it is not the first time i stay at the Hilton Paddington, and it is always a great experience. The lobby is wonderful, the rooms are big and cleans, and the breakfast is delicious. and i need to add that the service at breakfast was very good, Marco was serving me and he was perfect!",Date of stay: September 2018,5.0
643,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or645-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Friendly and helpful staff at the hotel breakfast,"I was surprised by the caring service at the hotel breakfast, especially Luciano and Nesser, who was friendly and helpful, really impressed me a lot.   I will definitely pick this hotel if I travel to London again!  這間酒店非常好，位置方便，鄰近車站，天氣惡劣時也不用在戶外走動，便可到達酒店。酒店房間有一點殘舊，但酒店房間寬敞。",Date of stay: September 2018,4.0
644,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or645-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Average to Good Hotel in an unbeatable location,"This is not the most grand or the most elegant hotel in London, but its location simply cannot be beaten. Built into the fabric of Paddington (train) station it is just steps away from Heathrow Express and thus about 35 minutes from bedroom to departure gate. It’s a very busy place and surprisingly large. Breakfast is a very full English affair and despite the frantic pace of hungry diners the staff does superb job of keeping everything fresh and flowing. The hotel is right next to St Mary’s hospital Medical School and the area teems with dining options ranging from the banal (BK, KFC etc) to the exotic (Thai, Lebanese, Ethiopian) as well as a solid roster of pubs",Date of stay: September 2018,4.0
645,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or650-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Use of Lounge,"Entertained a guest at the lounge,  Great friendly service from Luciano and Nyson.  Ordered drinks and breakfast snacks.  Order arrived with staff helping to create room on the table and share wifi passwords so we could carry out the meeting.",Date of stay: September 2018,5.0
646,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or650-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Short stay,"The hotel is located in the centre of the city, just opposite to the tube station and attached to the Paddington train station. Very convenient for those traveling by train. This used to be Royal Great Western Hotel.  Check in and check out were very slow. The hotel is quite old and rooms looked tired. Needs urgent renovation and cleaner rooms and corridors for the price they are charging. Breakfast was extremely good with a wide variety to choose from. Staff was very courteous and attentive. Specially Pablo in the restaurant was very helpful. Wifi, iron, coffee maker and in room safe were available in rooms. ",Date of stay: September 2018,3.0
647,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or650-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Amazing location and service,"Landed in London yesterday. First of all : the location is unbeatable . Right outside the Paddington station. Took 15 minutes by Heathrow express and 2 minutes to get to the Hotel. Check in was a breeze. But the highlight had to be breakfast this morning . A complete buffet with all the British classics : baked beans , toast , sausages etc. what made it unforgettable for me was the superior service from our server Luciano. He got me cappuccinos thrice all before I asked for them. Talk about excellent service ! Can’t wait for my next trip !",Date of stay: September 2018,5.0
648,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or650-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Good for an overnight,I loved the decor of the rooms and the bed was extremely comfortable - reception was friendly and helpful. I thought the breakfast was ok but the service from Nyson was great and made up for any shortcomings. I will definitely use the hotel again.,Date of stay: September 2018,4.0
649,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or650-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Best Place to Stay for Visiting Central London on Business,"The Hilton Paddington is an excellent hotel that is conveniently adjacent to Paddington Station.  While not as charming as staying in Marylebone or Mayfair, the convenience of being on the Underground makes it the fastest way to get to all parts of London.  Great rooms.  No noise whatsoever from nearby train station.  Also, very convenient access to a variety of quick restaurants and prepared foods markets.",Date of stay: September 2018,5.0
650,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or655-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Very nice hotel,"we stayed 5 nights here, and lucky to early check in at 7am! all staff are nice and kind. breakfast is good and special thanks to Luciano and Tiago, and a man old,thin,wearing glass who i didn’t know his name, careful service. traffic is easy, walking distance to train station and bus stop. definitely will stay here if travel toLondon again.",Date of stay: August 2018,5.0
651,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or655-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Amazing service!,Came for a spot of tea with some close friends and a catchup. Service was super quick and easy. We were served by a very courteous young lady called Jaya. She was very attentive and gave service with a smile. Shall definitely come back here again!,Date of stay: September 2018,5.0
652,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or655-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,A very relaxing afternoon.,"I spent the afternoon relaxing in the lobby bar/restaurant before catching my train. The staff were very friendly and helpful, in particular a lovely young guy called Marco who made me feel very welcome.",Date of stay: September 2018,5.0
653,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or655-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Helpful, courteous staff","I was recently in this hotel for a business meeting. Marco, our server in the reception bar/cafe area was courteous, polite, engaged and helpful throughout my time at the hotel. The overall service and quality of the hotel and facilities was excellent",Date of stay: September 2018,5.0
654,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or655-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Will definitely be back,"Stayed here the other night and was very impressed with the room and hotel. Lovely friendly staff.  Great location and lovely breakfast the next morning .   Within walking distance to tube and plenty of restaurants,",Date of stay: September 2018,5.0
655,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or660-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Good stay ! ,I stayed at this hotel so many times and the best thing about it is the very nice and welcoming staff that make your stay even better and so special thanks to Luciano Silvio and Nasser for taking good care of us every breakfast and satisfying every demand. We’ve really appreciated it!,Date of stay: September 2018,4.0
656,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or660-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Good service from Luciano,"We stay here a lot. The staff is friendly and efficient, but on this trip we found Luciano, who served in the main breakfast restaurant, to be particularly helpful and friendly. He went out of his way in a busy breakfast service to look after our needs, and I just wanted to thank him for going above and beyond normal expectations of service.",Date of stay: August 2018,4.0
657,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or660-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Great, central location in London","Stayed at the Hilton Paddington for a weekend in London between business trips. The hotel itself is a very nice, full service, reasonably priced hotel. The rooms are clean, modern, and well sized by European standards. The hotel breakfast is above average and the hotel staff was very friendly and helpful. However, it is the location which really sets this property apart. The hotel could not be move convenient for site-seeing in London.Connected directly to the Paddington train and underground station, you can get to/from Heathrow in 15 minutes via the Heathrow Express, the Underground station is very central with the Bakerloo line connecting to a lot of the most popular sites and only 15 minutes or so to Piccadilly Circus. A perfectly located base for a weekend of site-seeing in…",Date of stay: September 2018,4.0
658,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or660-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Precious Paddington,"This hotel couldn't any better for the traveler. Close to shopping, airports and train service only a few levels below. The staff is helpful, courteous and makes one feel welcome. The rooms are well equipped, comfortable and have room temperature at your finger tips. I love the large assortment of food for breakfast and the lounge has yummy snacks available all day long. My only London choice for hotels!",Date of stay: September 2018,5.0
659,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or660-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Hilton Paddington,"I lived here for three days in Hilton Paddington, the environment and service are very nice and comfortable. One of the assistants serving during breakfast time-Luciano, gave the best service to the customer.",Date of stay: September 2018,5.0
660,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or665-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Paddington hilton,"Came here to study and travel in London and stayed here for three days and met a nice person called Luciano, he gives the best service during breakfast time. The food and the service here are very nice.",Date of stay: September 2018,5.0
661,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or665-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Great Stay, but charged for another room, which i had cancelled","The Hilton Hotel, Paddington, London, was Great stay, as I was attending an event over the weekend at the hotel, so was right on the door step.  It is very expensive, which you probably would expect for a 4* hotel. We had room service, again expensive. I asked to extend the room from mid-day( check out time) to 5pm, they charged £20 an hour, so cost me an extra £100, which i thought was excessive, some charge would be acceptable, but not that much, when cheaper hotels in the area charge nothing or an nominal fee. When we arrived one of the people on reception was not very personable, the rest of the staff were pleasant and very helpful. According to reception i had two rooms booked, a family room and a double room, i had cancelled the family room and rebooked the double room…",Date of stay: August 2018,3.0
662,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or665-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Convenient,"To be truthful, the location is unbeatable for Paddington station/Heathrow express/ underground. We booked it for its location to the Heathrow express after a 12 hour flight with 3 children. On the plus side, our room was ready at 11.30am, we are thankful for this as were exhausted. Lady who checked us in was nice. The room was spacious, soda bed had not been made up for the children and the room had twin beds despite being a family booking for a queen room. This may be due to the fact of the early check in, so not to complain. A call to housekeeping, for the sofa bed and this was done in around 40 minutes. Room was clean, but cigarette smell was evident possibly from the airvent. Windows did not seem soundproof. Upon check in there were administration issues on behalf of the…",Date of stay: August 2018,3.0
663,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or665-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Overnight Stopover,"Fantastic stay at Hilton Paddington.great room with fantastic service from Staff, felt like being at home and the Htoel was clean and tidy. Dinner and breakfast were subperb and our waiters were first class.",Date of stay: August 2018,5.0
664,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or665-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,London Stopover,"Chose Hilton Paddington for a stopover night because of it's access to the Heathrow express. Room spacious and clean, great bath, and friendly staff. The concierge pointed us to the best fish 'n chips ever and the park around the corner had a free concert. Will stay again I hope!",Date of stay: September 2018,5.0
665,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or670-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Best Location in London & Great Service,"Great room, great service and the location is perfect with tube access and Heathrow Express just steps away. Very pleased when we arrived and the staff had a nice quiet room ready a bit earlier than we expected. Nice after a long flight. Really no issues at all during our 6 night stay. Will stay again next time we're in London.",Date of stay: August 2018,5.0
666,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or670-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,A must stay twice annually!,"Well I do stay there every year when I enter the UK & on the way out of the UK....the property is absolutely fabulous, convenient, with a business centre & an Executive Lounge! The stairs from ground to mezzanine is used by me many times a day-great for digestion & keeping the kilos off! The service one cant beat, the food - they do cater for us vegans! Paddington station is just great next door-take the Heathrow Express to the airport & back in just 15 minutes! Pret a Manger is also at the station which I love & one can walk right to the shops on Oxford Street or, take a bus in a few minutes! The rooms & housekeeping are wonderfull! All who work there-Thumbs Up!",Date of stay: June 2018,5.0
667,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or670-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Afternoon tea,Lovely setting and very attentive service. Afterward Tea was excellent. The was into the lounge was adorned with old suitcases stacked as in olden times. All that was missing was Paddington bear himself . ,Date of stay: September 2018,4.0
668,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or670-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Super service as always,"Great service! Especially by Marco, Valenton and Luciano.   The reception  and concierge service are always there to help and guide you whatever your needs might be. The hotel shows some wear and tear as it has been around for a bit, but it is clean. ",Date of stay: August 2018,5.0
669,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or670-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Dynamic Duo by Silvio and Luciano,Stayed in Hilton London Paddington for 3 nights. It was definitely a wonderful experience to finish our Euro trip for 2018. The hotel was connected to Paddington train station which made our travel very convenient. The location offers so much more than what we was looking for in a hotel.   What made our stay very special was our experience in Hilton Lounge with special touch by Silvio and Luciano. Both gentleman demonstrated customer service that is above and beyond. As a Hilton Gold member this is by far the best service I received in the lounge. I’ve traveled and stayed in other Hilton properties but I must say Hilton London Paddington Lounge was the best experience we had. Silvio and Luciano was non stop refilling the items in the lounge. Not once that either food nor drinks…,Date of stay: September 2018,5.0
670,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or675-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,excellent service at the executive lounge,I am staying at the Hotel Hilton Paddington in Aug 2018 for 1 week. The hospitality at the executive lounge is great. Special thanks to the waiters Lueiano and Silvid. they are polite and go beyond to ensure the refreshment and get some fruits for me which was not available in the lounge. Thank you so much for your service and help.,Date of stay: August 2018,5.0
671,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or675-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Superb service by Marco,"As a Hilton gold member that frequently visits Hilton properties around the globe I would definitely say that Marco performed above and beyond the standard of service that the company asked of him. He made myself and my wife breakfast very special. Truly an employee that I would hire if I’m running my own business. Marco, thank you and keep up your great performance!",Date of stay: September 2018,4.0
672,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or675-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Amazing concierge team. ,"I recently stayed at the Hilton paddington and I was totally blown away by the service Mario on concierge provided. It was far the best service I have ever received not just at the Hilton but any hotel I have stayed in.  I now call him super Mario because nothing is too much for him. I required tickets for a number of different venues, at the time I could not get hold of myself as they were sold out.  Mario worked his magic and arranged everything for me.  I observed him with other guests and he was nothing but outstanding. He knew flight times and baggage allowances of the top of his head for many different airlines. I honestly can say he is an asset to the Hilton and you should be proud to have Mario part of the Hilton team. With that said I would also like to mention the rest…",Date of stay: August 2018,5.0
673,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or675-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,I'm not impressed,"I was there for a company meeting for 3 nights. the organization of the event was great but that's not organized entirely from the Hotel. The breakfast was a variety of anything! It was very nice. I didn't taste the lunch/dinner into the Hotel so i say nothing about.  Finally , I'm not impressed. Very expensive Hotel regarding the value for money for a Hilton Hotel.",Date of stay: November 2017,3.0
674,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or675-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,I love this hotel,The services are good and all the people are nice and polite. The restaurant for breakfast buffet is good with cuisines. Also the waiters are always ready to help the customers. Nyson and Tiago are two waiters in the restaurant and they will sure provide a comfortable meal. I enjoy it so much and hoped to live in this hotel again.,Date of stay: August 2018,5.0
675,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or680-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great location,Stayed for 2 nights in September 2017. Located at Paddington Station and very convenient for Heathrow Express train and Underground train. The room was quite big but dark. The bed was a little soft for me.,Date of stay: September 2017,4.0
676,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or680-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Hilton with a terrific location in London,"My wife and I took a vacation to London and stayed at the Hilton Paddington due to the quality of Hilton properties, pictures of the hotel and great location (adjacent to a major subway/train station).  The room was small, but incredibly comfortable and extremely quiet (despite trains running in and out of the station at most hours).  The staff was incredibly friendly and helpful.  Would have given this 5 stars if the breakfast and fitness center had been a bit better.",Date of stay: August 2018,4.0
677,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or680-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Bad attitude best describes this hotel ,"Concierge desk attitude poor, long wait to check in, gym pretty basic, no shower gel or soap in room.....   Wouldn’t stay here again, better places and no parking!   .........stupid app making me type more as it doesn’t like how short it is........   ",Date of stay: August 2018,2.0
678,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or680-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Just for drinks,"I have passed through Paddington daily for years on my commute to work and sometimes stopped for a coffee at the Hilton above the station. Tonight I stopped for a drink on the way home and caught up with an old friend. Pleasantly surprised by the service provided by Luciano and Silvio in the bar. Really attentive,noticing when water needed refilling and very polite and friendly and service with a smile.",Date of stay: August 2018,5.0
679,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or680-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Fantastic bar service ,"My friend and I recently met at The Hilton Paddington for after work drinks and had the most excellent service from Luciano. He was attentive, before we could blink he was at our side topping up our water and complimentary refreshments and attending to our needs with a smiley face and professional manner. Such customer service feels rare in London so thank you Luciano for making our evening even more pleasant! ",Date of stay: August 2018,4.0
680,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or685-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great stay,"Great hotel in excellent location for Paddington Station. We stayed in a Queen Suite which was clean spacious with plenty of room for our family of two adults and two children. Executive lounge was always very busy however the service was good and we were well taken care of by Luciano, staff were very friendly and helpful. ",Date of stay: August 2018,4.0
681,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or685-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Great service, good food, comfortable environment","I dropped into the Hilton for an evening meal and to do some work before catching my train. The bar area is an air conditioned, quiet and comfortable environment. My Ravioli and greens was delicious and delivered quickly.  Ruciano and Silvio were great waiters attentive and helpful. I recommend the Hilton over any of the other alternatives in and around Paddington stagtion for an evening meal.",Date of stay: August 2018,5.0
682,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or685-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Solid Business Hotel,"The best you can say about the Hilton Paddington is that it is a solid business hotel...four star and you know what to expect.    Physical Plant:  Very serviceable.  The room (325), we had was far from the elevator; I thought we were walking back to Edinburgh.  Ask for a room closer to the elevators.  The room was small and the bathroom was good, although it only had a tub/shower combo, which  I don’t prefer.  Location:  Excellent, only if you are going to use Paddington Station or the Heathrow Express to the airport.  The hotel has direct access into the terminal, which is why we choose this hotel.  We were coming down from Edinburgh and had a flight early the next morning, so the Paddington location worked for us.  Service:  Acceptable.",Date of stay: August 2018,3.0
683,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or685-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Amazing Breakfast and Excellent Location!,"Can't say enough nice things about this place. Location is very convenient for our vacation, and the room was tidy and neat. The check in staff were friendly and the process went smoothly. The breakfast was especially nice! Nice variety of food, all well prepared and the staff were friendly - Thomas from Poland said hello and was very kind to us. The dining room was tidy and comfortable. Definitely worth the price, had a lovely visit!",Date of stay: August 2018,5.0
684,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or685-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,A fantastic hotel thats joined onto Paddington Station so very convient for trains to Heathrow Airport and the west,The service when we arrived was first class check in was hassle free and my loyalty was rewarded with an upgrade to one of their fabulous Tower rooms and complimentary access to the great executive lounge.  The cheaper nights to stay in this hotel are usually Thursday or Sunday especially loyalty points wise. If you're not already a member I definitely recommend you sign up to their great Hilton Honors loyalty scheme which they often status match to other hotel loyalty schemes too.  I look forward to staying in this hotel again.  Thedealhunter,Date of stay: August 2018,5.0
685,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or690-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,It was alright.... but I wont stay there again,"I stayed here on a one night transit and I chose it as I had an early start for the airport and the hotel is essentially in Paddington train station - so the location is excellent and you can enter the hotel directly from the station. However, I can't say that I enjoyed my time there. It wasn't horrible by any means, but it reminded me of a Hilton hotel at a US airport... functional rather than enjoyable and a bit tired. It was one of those hotels where all the staff appear to be too busy and so they tend to not engage with staff beyond dealing with the issue at hand... Not that I mind that, but they were just a bit too 'transactional' for a Hilton. I did have one particular experience which did leave a bad taste in my mount - I was sitting in the lobby area waiting for a friend…",Date of stay: August 2018,2.0
686,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or690-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Just okay Honeymoon,I am a gold HHonors Member and stay with the brand because most Hiltons are well kept up and provide excellent service. It was not terrible but I expected so much more from the brand since Hiltons are where I usually stay during business trips. My husband and I stayed here for 6 days during our honeymoon because of the fantastic location at Paddington station and walkability to parks and attractions. The location aspect really was fantastic.   We just arrived from Ireland and wanted to check in to our room early if possible at noon. It was not ready which is understandable as check in is at 3pm. The reception was not particularly friendly and did not acknowledge member status nor what was included in our stay. We weren't even asked for a phone number when the room would be…,Date of stay: August 2018,2.0
687,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or690-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Getting long in the tooth,I spent a week at the hotel this past week and have to say I was disappointed in many ways. Other than been very easy to get to by train and been centrally located the hotel needs some real improvements. 1. I checked in via mobile app and as Hilton Plat I reserved a 1 floor room. When I went to get my key from front desk the next day I was put into a room on 2nd floor which is not huge issue but the room was for disabled guest (room 255)meaning the bathroom basin was too low and the shower hit me in the chest. Broken shower knobs made matters worse where I could not have shower come from ceiling mounted head.  2. Last week was warm in London and the rooms say AC but in reality its nothing more than a fan in wall that blows but has zero cooling. The windows to the room were…,Date of stay: August 2018,2.0
688,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or690-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Afternoon tea review ,"I loved it, fresh ingredients. Warm scones and excellent table service.  My only picky complaint would be the chairs that they may be too soft to sit on as in they dip and therefore they aren’t easy to sit in But the food was great, and the service was brill.  Definitely a yes! ( I got the offer on groupon!)  Gave a cheek bit of caviar haha ",Date of stay: August 2018,5.0
689,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or690-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Second HOME! ,"After our stay fifth year in a row we can safely call this a second home- a London home :) Has been exactly the same over these years - warm and nice and welcoming.   The hotel building is attached to the Paddington train station for Heathrow Express, Tube/Underground next door for the Circle and Hammersmith lines (for attractions around London) and National rail service trains (for travelling outside London). Also across is a bus stop which connects to Oxford Street and Trafalgar Square (Routes 23 and 7).  Kensington Gardens and Hyde Park is a short walk away for a lovely morning walk to refresh yourself, so is the Paddington Basin which is even closer.    Just like in the past - the check in, check out, quality of rooms, WiFi and Breakfast was fabulous and no room for any…",Date of stay: August 2018,5.0
690,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or695-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Executive Lounge,"Great lounge on the ground floor overlooking the Paddington Station building provides a simple but excellent choice’s for breakfast. Staff are fantastic especially Marco who served us today, 27th August.",Date of stay: August 2018,4.0
691,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or695-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Room and breakfast is amazing!,"We got the family queen suite and it has been perfect for our family. We love having our son sleep in the other room.   Also, their breakfast is delicious. Marco our server and his friendly Italian accent made it a wonderful morning. Can’t wait for breakfast tomorrow!",Date of stay: August 2018,5.0
692,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or695-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Queen suite, family stay","We stayed only one night in a Queen Suite with executive room access and enjoyed our stay. The suite was a good size, very comfortable, lots of towels (soft), great bed with plenty of pillows and quality linen. Very well located for walking, buses and trains. Fortunately we heard little road noise despite facing to Praed St and on the second floor so sleep was not disturbed. Breakfast selection was good albeit the area was very busy and service for beverage request was rather slow. Love the staircase. Staff attentive and professional. We arrived mid Saturday afternoon and check in was slow - maybe more staff could be deployed? Small point - they knew 3 adults were staying yet only 2 robes, slippers and mugs. This was resolved by housekeeping (albeit still only 2 robes). Would…",Date of stay: August 2018,4.0
693,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or695-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,So good!,We’re having a breakfast now and it’s super. Thanks to our waiter who’s serving us Mark from Italy. He is very professional and friendly thanks again and will be back next week. We recommend Hilton breakfast  to everyone!!!!,Date of stay: August 2018,5.0
694,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or695-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Location Location Location,"If your trip to London involved travel to and from Heathrow or trains that come in/out of Paddington and you don't mind large hotels and slightly aging decor, this hotel is great for you. If you already know London and are comfortable with the buses and underground, it's even better.   The best use of this hotel is if you have limited time in London--say a day or two layover through Heathrow--or if you are going to do day trip to Salisbury or Bath or Bristol from London by train. It's just so easy from the train to the hotel.  From Paddington, you exit the train and walk across the concourse and up a half escalator by the M&S and into the hotel without ever stepping outside.  I arrived off a flight from the US at 10 am and they were able to check me in right away because I had…",Date of stay: August 2018,4.0
695,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or700-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Beautiful Hotel,"We stayed here for 3 nights recently and cannot fault one thing. The hotel itself is beautiful, our room was spacious and the staff very friendly especially Joy on reception.  This hotel is in a great location as the tube station is only 2 minutes walk away.",Date of stay: August 2018,5.0
696,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or700-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Pleasant,"I had a very pleasant experience at the Paddington Hilton. I have been to quite a few Hilton hotels some better than others. Paddington one being one of the better ones. Staff impeccable. Offering A pleasant and professional  type of service that I would have  received decades ago. Nowadays one rarely receives real customer service , at the Paddington one does receive a kind welcome from all the staff and a smile. I very much enjoyed my breakfast . The breakfast was very nice and varied and the waiters and hostess very professional. Thank you to Marco who offered a very professional service and great sense of humour.",Date of stay: August 2018,5.0
697,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or700-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Wonderful Stay...,"My family and I stayed in a Queen Suite.  Everything you could wish for...very spacious, clean and all the usual amenities.  The Executive Lounge was a most welcome addition to the stay.....with little sandwiches and pastries around lunchtime to a mouthwatering breakfast in the morning....plus coffee/tea/water/soft drinks available all day long.  A quiet oasis actually....very few people there during our stay.  Staff could not be faulted.....extremely helpful...going above and beyond to make you feel welcome.  On our arrival, as we were early, the young man at reception (I never got his name) gave us the Executive Lounge card so we could sit down and relax....and he actually came to find us when our room was ready an hour earlier than expected....so very kind.  Hotel is in a…",Date of stay: August 2018,5.0
698,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or700-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Hilton London Paddington Staff,"Great location, spacious suit and the staff are so friendly.  Special thanks to Joy at the reception and the very friendly staff at the resturant,Michelangelo, Luciano and Ilaria who made us feel we are home.  Will defiantly stay here again.",Date of stay: August 2018,5.0
699,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or700-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Luciano's services at the Lounge bar are second to none!,"I had a hot chocolate and a light meal and everything was served to precision and with such grace by my waiter, Luciano! Thank you for a memorable experience. I look forward to another visit and your excellent servics.",Date of stay: August 2018,5.0
700,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or705-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great service and friendly hosts!,"Thank you, Luciano! He is a very polite server who made my morning breakfast comfortable and efficient. I will definitely recommend the Hilton London Paddington to my friends and family when they visit London!! :)",Date of stay: August 2018,5.0
701,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or705-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Perfect location,Have stayed here numerous times.  Perfect for Heathrow access directly with the Heathrow express just down the escalator.  The executive room with free breakfast is a great value.  Free happy hour worth the price of admission. You can have the amazing breakfast and be ready for the day.  ,Date of stay: August 2018,4.0
702,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or705-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Convenient Location, The Executive Lounge A Bonus",Arriving into Paddington we were in the hotel in minutes using the direct walkway from the station into the hotel. We were in our Executive room within about 20mins of arriving in the station. I chose an Executive room which looked good value having access to the Executive Lounge with its complimentary breakfast and snacks. This did prove to be a good choice with the room being spacious and the executive lounge which overlooked the station offering a good selection of snacks and drinks during the day a nice breakfast. We were visiting London for the weekend having tickets for the Tina Turner Musical and having a reservation for Tea at the Burge. So all in all the hotel was a good choice and its position ideal to get around the city due to its proximity to the underground.,Date of stay: April 2018,4.0
703,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or705-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Lunch in the brasserie,I chose here for a quick business lunch as it was handy location wise for my colleague and I. Here are the simple facts of this experience...  Despite standing at the front of the restaurant for five minutes I had to go searching for staff to seat me. I sat at the table without drinks or a menu for at least ten minutes. When my colleague joined me no one took his drink order. It took two hours for us to have a sandwich each and a coffee which including two bottles of sparkling water came to £55.  The club sandwich was average the coffee was fine. The brassiere was a bit grubby and needs redecorating.   In future I’ll walk further!,Date of stay: August 2018,2.0
704,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or705-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Brasserie good for lunch,"I visited last month to have lunch in the Brasserie with customers  from abroad. Very pleased with our choice, menu good as to was the friendly service. Good ambience as well as being conveniently in the station concourse",Date of stay: July 2018,4.0
705,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or710-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Thumbs up,"Stayed two nights for a business trip. Good location near the airport. Clean accommodating room.   Breakfast buffet included, with courteous service. Special mention to Luciano and Marco, Italian waiters at my table. Marco was very attentive and professional.  I would stay here again. ",Date of stay: August 2018,5.0
706,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or710-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Rank Indifference - Hot and Shoddy Room in New Tower,"We stayed in the GWR tower/new tower in the hotel. Setting aside that ingress and egress to the tower can be a bit of a challenge our objective issues were as follows:  1. Room was hot. A/C did not work. (That is awful when trying to sleep) 2. Room was not cleaned well as we had hair on bed and in bathroom area.  3. The towels were stained and unpleasant visually. 4. The room showed signs disrepair both by the window, the bathroom and closet. 5. The bathroom would flood when we used the shower as it did not seal well.  The final significant issue we had was with the executive lounge. The lounge is overrun by kids and mobbed by people. Finding a seat was not easy, in fact we sat with other people, and the lounge was HOT. Food and drink options were missing. Staff were hard to…",Date of stay: July 2018,1.0
707,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or710-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Perfect location,This was a pretty good hotel and its location is ideal if you use public transportation to get around the city. We chose the Paddington location due to its proximity to both the express train and the Underground. We chose a room with two double beds and the room was big enough for the three of us. The room had a desk and a space for a minibar sideboard where the TV sat on top but there wasn't any dresser in which to put our clothes.  There was a hanging closet. The bathroom was fairly large and came with shower and tub.  The room was very quiet. The bed and bedding were comfortable and we had no issues with the room temperature.  We had signed on for the breakfast buffet and it was excellent. Lots of choices to include the traditional British fare and omelettes made to order. We…,Date of stay: August 2018,4.0
708,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or710-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Beautiful Hotel Near Kensington Gardens,"We enjoyed our stay in a lovely tower room, part of the newer section. The food was good and the hotel is near Kensington Gardens and Hyde Park. The Paddington Railway Station conveniently runs under the hotel.",Date of stay: July 2018,5.0
709,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or710-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Adjacent to Paddington, but know access is locked early am.  Other issues, too.","My friend and I booked this hotel for its convenience to the Heathrow Express.  I read reviews after she booked.  (1) $275/night for a queen bed.  The room was spacious, as was the bathroom. (2) the individual air conditioning temperature gauge does not actually do anything.  We did not complain, as this was only 2 nights and the convenience outweighed the issue.  It was not that hot outside, but I would defer to other reviewers (I woke up very hot). (3) the shower temperature will occasionally go to scalding and you need to jump out of the water stream.  Fortunately, the bath tub is very large so this is possible. (4) WiFi is 12.99 pounds/day and there is NO FREE WIFI in the lobby. (5) my friend went down inquire about (and ultimately purchase) heathrow express tkts.  The…",Date of stay: August 2018,3.0
710,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or715-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Business breakfast,"I Made a buffet breakfast last day,I was served by waiter Marco,kind and attentive to my requests,wide variety of choise and great food, highly reccomended and the very professional waiter. I Will be back there.",Date of stay: August 2018,5.0
711,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or715-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Crumbling GWR Tower Room, Overrun Lounge, Defects","I am a Hilton Diamond member and have stayed here several times before. In fact, I know people who stay here often. Usually I book a GWR tower room as they are modern, clean and fresh. Sadly, everything fell apart on this stay.  The air conditioning in my room did not work. The temperature went up even at night. Unacceptable!  The bathroom was crumbling, ridden with mold and worse still not cleaned well. This was wholly ridiculous for the GWR tower.  The hair dryer did not work correctly.  As a final slap the Executive Lounge was wholly overrun. Basics like ice cubes were hard to find. The food choices, narrow as they can be, were depleted quickly. As I got up to grab something and someone took my seat. Equally, as the lounge is too full, people hover near you to get your seat…",Date of stay: August 2018,1.0
712,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or715-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Comfortable hotel,"My stay here was perfect. The room was spotless, bed was so comfy and had a great night sleep, its in a perfect location and all the staff were very friendly, would definitely recommend this hotel if you want somewhere convenient in Paddington.",Date of stay: August 2018,5.0
713,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or715-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great,"Enjoyed my brekkie very much, great buffet and service thanks Marco for helping me practice my Italian before leaving for my next trip To Rome! And for the smiling face as I’m not a morning person lol. Staff were nice and professional and food very good. I also had a real espresso for once in London. Best coffee so far in uk",Date of stay: August 2018,5.0
714,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or715-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Terrible lounge, bad problems with upkeep. Find another hotel","We have been staying at the Hilton Paddington for years, drawn to the proximity to Heathrow Express and our fondness for some of the nearby neighborhoods. We always seek hotels with executive lounges as they provide an oasis from the mobs and a nice feeling of being at home.  Alas, this stay was truly awful and it will take evidence of radical change to get us to return to this hotel.  First, let me comment on the lounge. This Hilton has a large number of rooms that qualify for lounge access. They are located in two different wings and, until this year, each was served by a separate lounge. Suddenly, they closed one lounge (greedily converting it to revenue-producing rooms). The result is that the one remaining lounge is vastly overpopulated.  To make matters even worse, they…",Date of stay: August 2018,1.0
715,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or720-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Convenient for Heathrow, Cotswolds and Notting Hill","This hotel was perfect for us as we flew in to London for 1 night before leaving for the Cotswolds.  Being connected to Paddington Station, the hotel is convenient for arriving via the Heathrow Express train and departing on the Great Western.  We had time for a nice walk in Hyde Park and a quick cab ride to Notting Hill for dinner.  We were upgraded to a ""Tower Suite"" room.  I'm not complaining, but it was a little odd.  Entry vestibule is on the 5th floor, then up a spiral staircase (not great with luggage, so thanks to the bellman) to the 6th floor, in between which was a glass door that opened to an outdoor patio (more on that in a moment).  Then up another level to a small living area.  Odd things - room on the upper level was super hot, so it was unusable despite air…",Date of stay: August 2018,4.0
716,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or720-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Perfect spot to visit London,"The Hilton London Paddington is a perfect hub for a London visit.  Direct access to both the rail and underground stations makes it a key location.  Many different food options available within a 5 minute walk from your room including within the hotel, inside the train station, or just out on the streets.  Mario, the concierge was the best in the business!",Date of stay: August 2018,5.0
717,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or720-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Perfect location, very nice hotel, a few notable flaws","My wife and I stayed at the Hilton Paddington for five nights in July, 2018, and on balance liked it a lot.  The location can't be beat -- it is built into Paddington Station, where the Heathrow Express train comes in and where four major Underground lines intersect.  There is a nice upscale shopping mall also built into the train station that you can reach from the hotel in seconds that includes a Sainsbury supermarket and the neighborhood around the building is lively, safe and interesting, although not upscale.  We stayed in a GWR Tower room and found it very comfortable, although not as large or luxurious as the photos might lead you to believe.  The bed was very comfortable, the lighting was excellent, and the bathroom was great with a few exceptions noted below.  You do…",Date of stay: July 2018,4.0
718,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or720-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Ease of access,"Being attached to the Paddington station is the biggest selling point here. If you are taking the Heathrow express, you can walk right upstairs to your hotel. Additionally, you can jump on the tube directly as well without ever having to step foot outside.  The lobby is open and very nicely detailed. There are good food and bar choices right inside, and quick and easy choices right in the station too.  Having stayed here many times, I have seen many room types. This past time I was in the GWR tower with nicely updated rooms. With the exception of having usb charging or power outlets by the bed, everything else was very nice. I have been in a suite here I the last which was beautiful, but also some other rooms which were just fairly standard.  The front desk staff are ok, as are…",Date of stay: August 2018,4.0
719,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or720-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Great location, horrible A/C","The Hilton Paddington is in a very convenient location for getting the Heathrow Express to the airport plus a few different tube lines and many trains to other cities.  The hotel is a short walk from Hyde park and has tons of restaurants and shops in the area.  I stayed in a standard double bed room.  The room itself was spacious with all of the amenities you would expect from a Hilton.  Everything was very clean and presentable.  However, two major cons for the room:  1) The air conditioning was utterly horrible.  This was especially worse because the front desk moved me from the room I selected during online checkin because they said their was a problem with the A/C in that room!  I had the A/C in my room on the high setting and I had to put a tissue in front of the vent to…",Date of stay: August 2018,4.0
720,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or725-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Seen better days, not friendly staff, but great location","POSITIVES: - This hotel couldn't be better located. Literally attached to Paddington Station, you are seconds away from a major tube line and the train station. Lots of shops, restaurants, groceries, pharmacies, etc., all just seconds away. - We always felt completely safe in the hotel. You couldn't hear any street noise, either. - The room was always cleaned very well.  NEGATIVES: - The whole decor of the place could use an upgrade. The lobby, main carpeting throughout the hotel, and the hallways looked as if they hadn't updated since the 80s or 90s. - The staff never made us feel welcome. Every time we interacted with them, it felt like we were bothering them and they were annoyed at having to help us. I could have chalked up one or two incidents as being an aberration, but it…",Date of stay: July 2018,2.0
721,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or725-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Excellent Location,My family spent five nights at the Hilton London Paddington in July 2018. We stayed in a family room and were very pleased with the size of the room. I thought the bed was extremely comfortable! Our package included breakfast which did not disappoint. The service and selections at the breakfast buffet were wonderful. I think the biggest benefit of staying at this Hilton property is the location. We took the Heathrow Express and arrived within 15 minutes directly to the hotel. We arrived later in the evening so it was dark  and didn't realize that the hotel and the train station were directly connected. We ending up walking outside to get to the front entrance of the hotel. But the next morning discovered that we could access the station from inside the hotel.  There are lots of…,Date of stay: July 2018,5.0
722,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or725-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great Location and OK overall ,"I stayed at this hotel as part of a business trip.  As others stated, the location is great.  Only 15 mins on Heathrow Express.  Actually it’s quicker to reach this hotel vs stay at the Heathrow HILTON.   Rooms are surprisingly large and bathroom is large for London standards.  Hotel is overall aging but is not a bad choice if the price is less than $240.  Executive lounge was poor but there are a lot of options nearby for breakfast.   When compared to the nearby Edware Rd HILTON (metropole) the Paddington has more consistent rooms but Edware  has much better executive lounge with great breakfast and inside bar and restaurants.  In the Edware  HILTON I have stayed at least 10 times and the rooms varied from great to horrible fir same price.   So it boils down to preference and…",Date of stay: August 2018,4.0
723,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or725-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Location, Location, Location",Great Hilton Hotel located right by Paddington Station. The Heathrow express is less than 20 minutes to Heathrow Airport from this station and the tube is also located here. The hotel has direct access at the back entrance to the station which is ultra convenient. The hotel room was quaint and comfortable. Just watch out for the shower head when turning on the shower tap. The shower head in my bathroom was like a violent snake spraying water uncontrollably everywhere. Once I learned to tame it it was rather friendly. The staff were friendly and very helpful.,Date of stay: August 2018,4.0
724,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or725-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great location for travel to airport,Overall we enjoyed the stay. Rooms were large and comfortable. We were only here to wait for our flight the next morning. The bar area did not have TV so we had to walk down to the other Hilton to watch the Open (golf). They had a nice breakfast buffet.,Date of stay: July 2018,4.0
725,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or730-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,More Positives than Negatives,"I can only comment on our Executive Club room experience in 538 and it was very enjoyable and whisper quiet.  Positives:  Location brilliant after stepping of Heathrow Express (15 mins). Huge comfortable room with generous bathroom. Great bath & water pressure in shower fantastic (washing hair!) The Club breakfast fabulous spread of fruits, yogurt,cereals & hot dishes and pastries. The evening Club Happy Hours food & drink very generous.  Negatives:  Hotel is not lavish but has good bones & needs updating. The Club room afternoon tea is pathetic - a couple of plain cakes or biscuits - avoid it! Staff don’t look happy - anywhere! ",Date of stay: August 2018,4.0
726,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or730-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great hotel and location,"Placed on paddington station. Great location and very accessible.  The hotel is great and high quality and clean rooms. Rooms are big, and there is a good mini bar. There is very close shopping and food markets, just next to the station. There is little to no noise.  The executive lounge is good and severs multiple snacks and food.   Will stay here again! Highly recommended!",Date of stay: August 2018,5.0
727,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or730-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Executive Lounge is a Joke,"This lounge has several problems.  1. Overcrowding. 2. Under air conditioned  Today, 1 August, the lounge temperature is 85F with high humidity.  I spoke to a manager that apologized for the uncomfortable environment but... did nothing.  The lounge is packed and every day is in use.  A few months ago they closed the separate lounge that served the Towers.  This has eliminated what was a quiet and pleasant lounge that added value to the Tower rooms.  Now the Tower rooms have the added disadvantage of requiring the complicated two elevator journey to reach what is a third-world mediocre lounge.  This hotel is not recommended.",Date of stay: August 2018,1.0
728,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or730-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great location and breakfast buffet,"The hotel is just next to train station where you can take express to airport or many other important locations. The breakfast is very good and the facility in the room is nice, but this is all you pay for since the room rate is relative high. Just like most London hotels, the space of the room is small, the hallway is narrow with many stairs.",Date of stay: September 2017,4.0
729,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or730-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,We shall be using this fine hotel again ,This hotel is situated very conveniently and we were impressed by the efficient reception staff when we checked in as well as the quality of the rooms. The hotel's concierge was very informative about how and where to find local restaurants and theatres. Accessing the Heathrow Express on our departure for Australia was easy and quick. We shall be booking again at this excellent hotel next time we visit London.,Date of stay: July 2018,5.0
730,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or735-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Aging beauty needs a facelift,"On the plus side, the room was huge. On the downside, however, this hotel, housed in a gorgeous building, needs an update. The carpets were probably last replaced in the 80s, lending the hotel the aroma of a sad suburban conference hotel. The windows appear to have been last cleaned when the queen was coronated. The staff was lovely and the executive lounge is nice and updated. It overlooks Paddington Station, making it a great breakfast spot. The location is iffy. I prefer Carnaby Street and Picadilly Circus.",Date of stay: July 2018,3.0
731,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or735-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Deteriorating service,"I have been a Diamond member for years and always stay at Hilton’s in London. The Paddington Hilton is often more expensive but the advantage has been the Tower rooms and lounge as advertised. Today I stayed and found the lounge is no longer open. I went to the executive lounge and for years I have been able to ask for a boiled egg. This is no longer available. Why has the service deteriorated. I presume new penny pinching management. The tower lounge was the reason for my stay, to have some peace and a special breakfast. The lounge coffee machine was broken and the food was old and stale. I advise travellers to avoid and try another Hilton with better value. The metropole is less price and has a far better lounge",Date of stay: July 2018,2.0
732,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or735-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel,"I stayed 4 nights in July with my daughters. We had a nice room with a king size bed and a roll away bed. The breakfast was included and was very good. The location is absolutely amazing!  Paddington station is great and it is very practical if you arrive at Heathrow.  I guess the only negative thing I can say is that our room was pretty noisy and there were ambulances passing by all night every night, but nothing a couple of earplugs can’t solve.  I would definitely repeat if I visit London again. ",Date of stay: July 2018,4.0
733,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or735-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great location ,"This hotel borders the Paddington train station and right beside the underground. The location is great. The hotel check in was very quick. The interior of the hotel is really nice and the bar is lovely. Our room was a Tower Room, and was nice. You need two lifts to get there but it was worth it. This room gave us access to the Executive Lounge which looks out into Paddington Station. Breakfast is only ok. No table service apart from tea and coffee if you asked for it and no made to order hot breakfast menu. My only honest negative moment was on both days we were there, the concierge appeared happy speaking to others. But when we spoke with our Irish accents, he pointed, did not talk. The second day I asked if the yellow underground was still down. He nodded. There is a facility…",Date of stay: July 2018,4.0
734,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or735-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Convenient location,"I always stay at this hotel at the end of my stays in the UK. It's really convenient for the Heathrow Express and also for access to just about anywhere else via tube or bus. Wouldn't stay anywhere else! It's not cheap but considering London hotel prices, not unreasonable.",Date of stay: July 2018,4.0
735,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or740-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Great location, ok service","Strategically placed 4mins walk away from Paddington, great location, so convenient. Had some troubles with AC, finally needed to change room, after having asked twice; decent but not great gym, ok breakfast with good and speedy service, good and kind staff",Date of stay: July 2018,4.0
736,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or740-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Wonderful Warm Welcome,"We arrived at the Hotel at about 10h30 on the 16th June 2018 to a warm welcome from the staff at Reception, we had just landed from South Africa and asked if we could perhaps get a cup of tea and a slice of toast, something small before we went to our rooms and start the day exploring. The Receptionist spoke to the Restaurant and they informed us that we could go and have breakfast. Wonderful Service, thank you and we will be back again.",Date of stay: June 2018,5.0
737,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or740-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great location for traveling in and around London,"We stayed at the Hilton Paddington the night before we had to leave London to go back to the US.  It's adjacent to the overground train station, which made catching the Heathrow Express to the airport extremely convenient.  The Underground station is literally right across the street, making it convenient for taking the Tube to all of the sights in London.  Our room, which was a two room suite, was nice and large and very well appointed.  It was on the third floor.  I am surprised as to how quiet the room was given the hustle and bustle outside at street level, so we slept very well.  The neighborhood around the hotel is a little sketchy, but it was an overall very good stay.",Date of stay: July 2018,4.0
738,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or740-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Perfect location for International Travelers to London,Hilton Paddington Station is perfect for anyone visiting UK. It’s a 21 minute express train from Heathrow Airport to Paddington Station. Hotel is located directly above Paddington Station. You don’t even have to go outside to access hotel. From Paddington you can access London Underground trains or Great Western Railroad to take you to anywhere in London or UK.  Hotel rooms are comfortable and staff always friendly and professional. Guest Services Manager Rakesh was very informative and went above expectations to help.   ,Date of stay: July 2018,5.0
739,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or740-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Perfect location!,I absolutely love the location of this hotel. It can't get better than that for me. I also enjoyed how surprisingly quite it was in the room considering it is surrounded by so much noise. So i had a good sleep. The concierge was extremly helpful. I wish i remembered this nice gentlemen wearing glasses who gave me a couple of spot on directions. I would definitely stay here again.,Date of stay: May 2018,5.0
740,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or745-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Great Location, Stuggled with Rooms","The location of this hotel is very convenient, especially for those who are traveling in and out of London from Paddington Station.  I was there for business taking the train to Maidenhead and it was very convenient to travel everyday.  Plus there are stores (grocery, drug, Paddington Bear) at the station, which is convenient.  There is a walkway out of the back the hotel that links directly to the hotel - just walk towards the Boots & M&S simply food, take the escalator up one level and through the doors just past the Starbucks.  We did have some issues with our room, there were 5 of us staying and 2 had to change rooms due to a musty smell in the room and air conditioner malfunction.  The restaurant had good food but was very slow.",Date of stay: July 2018,3.0
741,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or745-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Perfect location ,It is a Hilton and lives up to the name. Room are as always in London on the small side but all is working and naturally clean. The breakfast was really in the good end. My test is normally the bread and it was good. Location is perfect for Heathrow express and the area is lively and friendly ,Date of stay: July 2018,4.0
742,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or745-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Convenient location, charming but older building","We stayed in the suite with the private patio- what wonderful views and unique accommodations! The hotel is very convenient to get to both by foot and by train/underground as it is directly attached to the Paddington Station. Plenty of nearby pubs and restaurants. M&S and Boots located downstairs in the station for any extras you may need. If you stay here and are coming from Heathrow, definitely take the Heathrow Express. Easiest trip ever from an airport. There's a great bar at the hotel too.",Date of stay: June 2018,4.0
743,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or745-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Ideal for business and leasure travelers,Traditional look and good atmosphere attached to Paddington Station which is very convenient. You have direct access to the station from back door/elevators. This was my third visit and check-in is always busy there but the staff is working diligently and is friendly. We got an upgrade to the tower room which was appreciated. With that came access to the VIP lounge we used for free breakfast the next morning and that worked out real nice.,Date of stay: July 2018,4.0
744,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or745-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Stopped in London Heathrow connecting to Toronto - had to have breakfast at the Hilton Paddington,"I am in a business trip from South Africa, connecting to Toronto. Arrived at 5:30AM.  I took the Heathrow Express to Paddington to have the best breakfast in London at the Hilton Paddington.  My wife and I received the best service one can expect.  Front desk at the restaurant was managed by Jessica, an incredible human being.  The service had great people all around, I can remember Silvio, Pablo, and Michelangelo.  We always stay at the Hilton Paddington, but this time we are just in transit to Toronto from South Africa.  The layover time was 12 hours.  The effort to come here from the airport was well worth it.   Please see the pictures I took from the “hot bar” of freshly done eggs and omelettes.",Date of stay: July 2018,5.0
745,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or750-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Lunch,"Met a colleague here in the bar, for a coffee and a catch up, it was so relaxed that we decided not to go elsewhere and had a light lunch.  We both had fish and chips (just under £10 each), served in a metal retro dish, instead of a basket, the food was excellent and too much for a light lunch.  The bar was light and airy and even though it was 24 degrees outside it was cool, but not air conditioned cold.   Staff were attentive and the washrooms very clean and well maintained.  The hotel can be accessed from main road or from within Paddington, would definitely recommend waiting here for your train, over a relaxing coffee or lunch.",Date of stay: July 2018,5.0
746,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or750-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,This is it,"Spot. On. Do not look further.  Everything is here. Fabulous restaurants, underground, pubs, Hyde Park.  If you are underground savoy and can deal not being in the heart of the EYE zone then this is your place. Get breakfast included- fabulous.",Date of stay: July 2018,5.0
747,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or750-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Awful experience at the Hilton Paddington,"The hotel is warn down unless you are staying in the renovated tower. There was no one answering the phones at the front desk, it was a long walk to my room with stairs carrying luggage, and I ran out of hot water during my shower.",Date of stay: July 2018,1.0
748,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or750-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Excellent location to and from Heathrow to Explore London via the Tube,"Excellent location to and from Heathrow to explore London via the Tube and Paddington Station.  Stayed here in 2008 and this past June 2018 in the new GWR Towers.  5 star, luxury. Expensive, but worth the convenience.  20 minutes from Heathrow using the Heathrow Express.  Hotel is so conveniently located to the station and from there you can explore all the tourists locations of London. Hotel is fairly quiet being in the middle of a very busy street. Great for all types of travelers.",Date of stay: June 2018,5.0
749,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or750-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Always dependable ,"We’ve been staying here every summer for years ever since our daughter was a toddler and now a teenager. The hotel is situated not only central to London but right next to the railway line and the tube, Boots and M&S for any emergency and very close to St Mary’s Hospital.  The staff is very friendly and helpful - especially Rakesh, the Senior Duty Manager who has always provided us with the best. And May who works in Food & Beverage, who has consistently given us excellent service over the years!!  We have really appreciated it all. ",Date of stay: July 2018,5.0
750,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or755-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Probably better location than Heathrow!,"We thought about staying at a hotel close to Heathrow but realized that even being close to the airport you still need to get to the terminal from the hotel (unless in the Terminal 3 hotel) and we were flying out of Terminal 5.  I joined Hilton Honors and got a good deal on two rooms.  In the morning we jumped on the Heathrow Express and were at terminal 5 in about 20 minutes.   Its a simple walk out the back of the Hotel lobby into the train station, down two escalators and the express is always on the same Platforms.  Check out the evening before to familiarize yourself.  Get your Heathrow Express tickets online 30 days in advance and its pretty cheap also. $10 or $12 I believe.",Date of stay: June 2018,4.0
751,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or755-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great location for travel in and out of London,Our family stayed at this property in July and it was a very clean and spacious room (which is saying a lot in London).   We traveled in and out of Paddington to visit family in North Yorkshire and also flew out of Heathrow so this property is in a fantastic local.  It's attached to Paddington through the food court and very easy to get to the trains from the lobby.   The beds in the room were incredibly comfortable as well.  The best we stayed in during our month traveling in Ireland/ England.,Date of stay: July 2018,4.0
752,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or755-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great Heathrow connection,"We stayed at this hotel primarily for the convenience of catching the Heathrow Express for our morning flight out. This kept us in central London for the evening prior to our flight and being that the hotel is directly connected to Paddington Station, it couldn’t have been any more convenient. The station is rather nice but we weren’t familiar with the surrounding area, so we took a bus to the more touristy areas for shopping and dinner. As far as the rooms go, they were dated but well maintained and clean. The room was quiet and comfortable. A little larger than other London hotels we’ve stayed at.",Date of stay: November 2017,4.0
753,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or755-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Easy access to Heathrow airport,This is a Hilton hotel so the rooms are clean. Our room was rather big so it was a comfortable stay. The hotel is located practically in Paddington station and thus many people use the lobby as a shortcut to the station. So sitting in the lobby is not peaceful. There is a bar in the building where having a drink is more pleasant. The food service in the lobby was slow. Food was good though. Breakfast excellent. Big and busy hotel but we had a good stay.,Date of stay: July 2018,3.0
754,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or755-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Post-reno vs. pre-reno,"We stayed here upon arrival in London and the night before departure from London. On the first visit, we had a renovated room,  which was lovely. On the second visit, we had room 513, which has not yet been renovated. I know renovations take time, but to rent out this room to an Executive Lounge patron, not so nice. The TV had a very hard time connecting to any channels and overall the peeling wallpaper and water stains on the bathroom ceiling made me VERY happy this was not my first impression of the hotel.   Those issues aside, and I know they will get better, but feel the need to state the meh with the good. The staff is excellent. The Executive Lounge is fabulous.   So, if you get a room that has not been updated yet...come back. The refresh is gorgeous.  Had to take off a…",Date of stay: July 2018,3.0
755,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or760-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Not a luxury hotel but nice. ,"We decided to stay at a Hilton on our last night in the UK before heading home. Being a Hilton we were hoping to stay in a little comfort before our long flight home and upon arrival the facilities are amazing. It wasn’t until we got to our room to find out the rooms are incredibly small and outdated. Our room may have been considered “Luxury” back in the 80’s but now the carpets were water damaged and had a musky smell, the bed was tiny for a king size which seems to be the thing in the UK and the room was tiny.   Overall:   Pro’s: check in and out was flawless, The lobby (bars and common areas etc) were amazing, friendly staff, Location (not central but easy enough to get around using the underground).  Cons: Tiny room, Outdated, Carpets need to be removed, Beds are not “king…",Date of stay: July 2018,3.0
756,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or760-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Excelent choice in London,"To work or in holidays, Hilton Paddington is a really good choice in London. If you arrive by Heathrow, take the Heathrow Express to Paddington and fall down by few walk to hotel's lobby! Forget taxis and undergrounds! This location makes the hotel worth it! Rooms are large and confortables, the service is awesome and the breakfast is pretty good. The neighborhood is nice with a lot of restaurants and near to Hyde Park, you can go by walking! I really recomend it!",Date of stay: July 2018,5.0
757,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or760-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Trip to London,"Visited London, decided to stay near Paddington Station. Terrific hotel and location, right next to the train station and within walking distance of major attractions. Rooms were spacious and clean, staff extremely professional and helpful.",Date of stay: July 2018,1.0
758,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or760-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Huge room for improvement.,I recently completed a 5-Night stay with my family at the Hilton London Paddington. The check-in process was quick yet there was no friendly welcome or acknowledgement of my status as a Hilton Gold Member. I guess it was just unfortunate that i had someone quite surly checking me in as i noticed there were different staff at the reception every day who seemed more pleasant.  The first room i was assigned was a Family Room on the second floor and that turned out to be a disaster. There was a loud droning noise outside the window from a Plant housing some compressors or machinery. I complained immediately and the first person from the technical department who came up acknowledged that these rooms had noise issues. His suggestion was that i leave the Airconditioning on permanently…,Date of stay: July 2018,3.0
759,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or760-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,First bad stay since 2012 ,I’ve been coming here since 2012 and have always had a great room....until now. Just checked in for a 7 night stay and want to leave. Rumbling of the underground is going to be unbearable and I am above where the police and emergency vehicles park so I’m listening to their sirens. I cannot recommend this place anymore. I want to take my Diamond membership over to the Metropole or Hyde Park! Do not get stuck in room 550! It’s going to be fun trying to sleep! And the room is pretty run down as well.,Date of stay: July 2018,2.0
760,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or765-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Splendid - Superbly Convenient Location,"Train up from West Country, throw bags into room in 'the hotel at the end of the platform', walk the short distance to BST concert in Hyde Park, short walk back later, with cooling gins chosen from a wide selection in 146, and then a most restful night in a quiet and comfortable double room.  Up in the morning to check out, leave bags with the concierge and take a short walk north to brunch in little Venice. Back, collect bags and step outside on to platform and return home.  A really great location.",Date of stay: July 2018,5.0
761,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or765-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,An excellent afternoon tea,"Located adjoining Paddington Station and not far from the Grand Union Canal and Little Venice, the afternoon tea served at this hotel was excellent. Seated at a table looking out of the window, the food was delicious and the service was all that was needed. We would definitely have afternoon tea here again. Once having eaten your fill (you will!) a walk along the canal to experience the charm of Little Venice beckons, with a drink at  the Beany Green cafe, outside, weather permitting. London at its best!",Date of stay: April 2018,5.0
762,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or765-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Convenient,"This hotel is conveniently located within the London Paddington Train Station and is a short escalator ride up to the hotel entrance. It's especially convenient after that long flight from the U.S. to London Heathrow. Just hop on the Heathrow Express and get off at it's final destination (London Paddington) and you're literally at the hotel. If you arrive too late and the doors are locked from the train station, it's a quick walk outside as you walk along the side of the hotel and around the corner to the front of the hotel.",Date of stay: December 2017,5.0
763,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or765-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Perfect location for a 1-night layover,"We had an overnight layover in London between flights, and the Hilton at Paddington Station is perfect for this situation.  Rather than staying out near the airport, you can be in the heart of the city and just hop on the Heathrow Express to get to the airport in under 30 minutes.  The hotel is directly attached to Paddington station - you don't have to go outside, just take the escalator off the hotel lobby down to the station - and all the shops at the station including a Starbucks.  Coming from LCY on the Bakerloo line, we did end up climbing one flight of stairs, exiting the station and walking across the street to the hotel, but think we could have avoided that if we'd known how to get around inside the station.  The area around the hotel seems to be improving, we found a…",Date of stay: June 2018,4.0
764,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or765-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great location - right at Paddington station,"A perfect location if you’re coming or going from Paddington station.  Clean, great service, good restaurants around the area.  If you’re a Hilton Honors member you can get a free happy hour and breakfast which was very legit.  ",Date of stay: July 2018,5.0
765,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or770-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,great hotel near paddington,"I stayed here overnight on a business trip. Arrived really late in the night, and checked out early in the morning, so couldn't sample the hotel's amenities that much. The room however was extremely spacious, and was very comfortable",Date of stay: May 2018,4.0
766,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or770-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Still A Great Location,"Stayed again recently at this Hilton property for two nights. The refurbishing work on the retail area (""The Lawn"") in front of the hotel is finished, so no more construction and no pigeons. The hotel itself continues to maintain its general high quality and the staff is very professional and pleasant. The Executive Lounge has changed a little bit but still offers a nice haven for Hilton Honors members, although ""non-residents"" are also allowed in at certain times (not sure what that meant). You really can't beat this location for transport options and the surrounding Paddington neighborhood seems to be improving, with nicer restaurants and general improvements.",Date of stay: July 2018,4.0
767,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or770-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great location,"Stayed twice - 1 night and  3 nights, Executive Room. Diamond member. Travel from Heathrow by Heathrow Express and I was in my room 50 minutes after landing from Singapore. Room was OK and breakfast in lounge was good. Next stay, room much bigger. Lounge still very good for sandwiches and breakfast. I prefer the normal lounge as the GWR Tower is such a trek and ground floor lounge has a view!  Lounge alcohol drinks stop at 8.30pm - but were taken away without a ""last orders"" warning. Housekeeping did a very good job.  Very friendly reception and lounge staff. May is an asset to the lounge.",Date of stay: June 2018,5.0
768,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or770-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Location location location,"My daughter and I stayed at the Hilton Paddington recently for a week. Staff was excellent, even helping me print out tickets I had paid for online during the stay. We had breakfast here every day of our stay and they had a huge variety, even for a gluten free diet. Room was spotless and housekeeping was efficient. Having Paddington Station connected to your hotel is priceless! So easy to get around London, we ate at the restaurants in the station several times and made trips to the grocery and a couple of the shops. For future stays in London I won’t even consider any other hotel.  ",Date of stay: June 2018,5.0
769,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or770-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Good rooms and location,"The hotel is quite elegant, even if it's a little bit old. The bar inside is nice (the price are a little high but still fair since this is a Hilton hotel), and the location is perfect: right next to the underground.",Date of stay: February 2018,4.0
770,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or775-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Handy for tube/train,Stayed here for one night while taking in a concert at Brixton Academy.  It is across the road from circle line tube which was perfect. Also adjacent to main Paddington station so perfect for traveling back to Bristol.  Stayed in king Junior Suite which was spacious and well presented. Fairly typical of most hotels of this standard.  Staff helpful and polite . Breakfast in Executive Lounge could be a little better organised. Staff seemed a little stressed   Would I come back? Absolutely ,Date of stay: July 2018,4.0
771,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or775-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Beautiful hotel, excellent location.","We were only staying in London for one night and wanted a hotel that was convenient for train and airport access. This hotel is perfect for that kind of stay. Simply walk out the doors of Paddington and turn a corner. It’s a bit pricy, but we chose it knowing full well the cost. It’s an elegant hotel, the staff were nice and being on the executive floor definitely had advantages.",Date of stay: June 2018,4.0
772,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or775-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Good location, but level is going down","I am since 14 years in the hotel, and have to say, that level is going down. The hotel facilites are ok, but the service is for the price not ok. The just want to save on the personal, what is bed for middle and long time. I was in the tower, the rooms are very nice, but they forgot to say, that the lounge is closed, the other lounge was open, but full, and without personla during the day, you dont have any priority checkin, I am a gold levet guest, and didnt receive anything during my stay. The food and beverage is going down year to year, yesterday at 7:30 was fast no food, then in 20 minutes a staff member arrived and brought some things... The lounge at the service table was dirty. The real problem is, that the superwiser arrived at 8:15 and was satistfield with everything.…",Date of stay: June 2018,3.0
773,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or775-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Fantastic!!!,"Very comfortable hotel, with the access to the underground inside!!!  My favourite thing: the breakfast, there's everything you want and the waiters are really nice! If you are looking for a hotel for an holiday this is the right place!!!",Date of stay: June 2018,5.0
774,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or775-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Good place to stay for short London stay before flying from Heathrow,"The hotel was clean and convenient with a good restaurant. The location offers fast connection to Heathrow via Paddington Station. Easy to get to Hyde Park and the West End by foot,also good access to the tube or bus network for longer trips to other attractions.",Date of stay: June 2018,4.0
775,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or780-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Location is the must,"The location of the hotel is perfect. Inside the Paddington station, it is very convenient. Rooms and amenities are the standard from what you expect of a Hilton Hotel. My room faced the street which is very noisy entire day - with loading/unloading noise from trucks starting 5 am. Breakfast is very good, and Pablo and Ana were very heplful providing a very good service. But WI-FI is terrrible - you cant stay connected - the signal is lost every minute - it horrible.",Date of stay: June 2018,4.0
776,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or780-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Convenience and everything else,"Seriously, this place is PERFECT for convenience.  15-minute express shuttle train direct from Heathrow to the Paddington station, then just walk through the doors of the hotel IN THE STATION.  Can't be beat.  We were exhausted upon arrival so we decided to order room service--what a treat!  Food was prompt, hot, and most of all DELICIOUS.  Service from all personnel we encountered was fantastic.  Underground station is just across the street.  Seriously--it doesn't get much easier than this, and the rest of the hotel was fabulous as well!",Date of stay: June 2018,5.0
777,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or780-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,So much better than expected,Booking a hotel in a major train terminal isn't usually a recipe for happiness. In the case of the Hilton Paddington though they have created a very comfortable and convenient space. The rooms are very comfortable and bathrooms are spacious for a London Hotel. It isn't convenient for the West End particularly but perfect to come in from Heathrow (Express); get a great night's sleep and head out the following day.,Date of stay: June 2018,4.0
778,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or780-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great stay,We booked the Hilton as a last minute stay over and were not disappointed. The room and service were excellent. We attended the cocktail bar where once again we were well received. We didn’t feel we needed to venture out as the hotel had everything we needed for a relaxing stay after a busy day around London. ,Date of stay: June 2018,5.0
779,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or780-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Centre of Everything,"Best hotel if you take Heathrow Express (£22, 15 minutes one-way for adult, free for children) to London. This hotel is on the second floor of Paddington train station and connected to Paddington underground. A little expensive but you get what you pay for.  M&S supermarket, Boots drugstore, KFC, Statbucks at the door steps.  Good breakfast and they allow guest to use shower room at the gym after check-out if you leave late. Great services.",Date of stay: June 2018,5.0
780,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or785-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Wonderful,"Stayed for one night in May with our two children after a very long flight. You simply can't beat the location, especially when travelling from Heathrow. The hotel is steeped in history and you feel it the moment you step into the gorgeous lobby. I have read some complaints about the hotel and it's 'quirks' and I have to say that the wonderful staff and the charm of the place absolutely make up for any age related imperfections. We were blown away at how lovely every single staff member was towards our young children. At breakfast they were treated like little royals and it was hands down the best service we experienced on our month long family holiday. Thank you Hilton Paddington, we will be back!",Date of stay: May 2018,5.0
781,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or785-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Beware of Weddings.,"First, the good news.  Built into Paddington Station - so easy to find.  Nice Art Deco feel to the place. Staff knowledgable and welcoming.   Top floor room with balcony and views over surrounding areas.  Room huge. Lovely to stay in. Balcony large.   Something wrong with the dining element. They’ve gone a bit ‘cafeteria’. All burgers and fries. (Well, that’s an exaggeration- but you know what I mean). Food good, breakfast good, don’t get me wrong, but it was a bit like eating in an upmarket Macdonalds.  There was a Wedding going on in the Hotel. And therein lies the rub.   At going home time, it spilt out into the street. Cars waiting, blocking buses, etc etc horns blaring. Now, this would not normally be under the control of the hotel, but in this case it was. They had shut…",Date of stay: May 2018,3.0
782,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or785-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great position and fantastic staff,"This hotel is perfect for our short stay in London before a cruise. Being at Paddington station means there is there is easy movement with luggage from a long flight using the Heathrow express, 5 min walk from the train. On arrival the staff greeted us enthusiastically and as we had arrived early, stored our luggage till our room was ready. As we had an exec room even offered breakfast in the lounge before walking off our jetlag at the nearby Hyde park. The hotel is well placed to get to most london attractions and the concierge very helpfull with their suggestions. As usual one staff member stands out, Karn appeared to know us by name immediately, and throughout our stay went out of his way to make sure we were happy and were on the right track where ever we were going,…",Date of stay: June 2018,5.0
783,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or785-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great location,I had chosen this hotel because I was coming in on a late Heathrow Express train and wanted a hotel as close to Paddington Station as possible. The Hilton has an entrance inside Paddington Station on the upper level.,Date of stay: June 2018,4.0
784,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or785-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Poor quality executive lounge facilities,"Stayed here in March for my partners birthday in the Tower Rooms. The executive lounge very poor, 3 small dry sandwiches which we presumed was afternoon tea, so went to the main hotel lounge and 3 tiny cakes....told the sandwiches had been removed as they are only available at lunch, evening service similar poor quality. Breakfast very nice, mainly due to the very attentive staff. Problems really began when we tried to sleep, there was a loud motor sound coming from just inside the door, the night manager sent concierge up and agreed a problem, they did offer for us to change rooms but it was midnight and my partner had already taken pain medication as was due to have major surgery the next week. The night manager was understanding and said he would make some allowance on the…",Date of stay: March 2018,2.0
785,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or790-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Nice place to stay,"Stayed here two nights with my wife. It was easy to get to as it is right next to both the Paddington main line station and the underground, this also makes it very easy to use this a base to see more of London. The hotel is nice and the rooms spacious and clean, though not quite as nice as the website showed. What really made it for me were the staff, who were without exception, very friendly and helpful. They let us change room with no fuss and nothing seemed to be too much trouble for them, it made a nice change.",Date of stay: June 2018,4.0
786,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or790-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great weekend stop-over,"We were on our way to Hawaii and decided to stay over a weekend in London.  We decided on Hilton London Paddington, since it is so close to Paddington station which makes travelling so easy without a fuss.  The rooms were spacious and the service great.  The breakfast was good.",Date of stay: July 2017,5.0
787,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or790-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Mini break,"Just what you would expect, perfect stay apart from not use to London night time noise. If you want a good night sleep you’d be disappointed.  Don’t eat/drink from mini bar unless money is no object! Supermarket across the road and you can get everything at a cheaper price. Would stay again.",Date of stay: June 2018,4.0
788,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or790-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Convenient and Comfortable,"I love this hotel, it’s in a great location if you’re here on holiday being right on top of the Paddington train station and Underground so it’s very convenient for getting to or from the airports or to virtually anywhere in the local area. The hotel it self was part of the Great Western Railway station and as such has a grand lobby with beautiful old wood working and furnishings, the bar is equally beautiful and has a great selection of gins. The rooms are nice though ours could stand a bit of maintenance. The staff were super helpful with everything from giving directions and advise to combining two reservations into one. The executive lounge is also very nice with views into the rail station which is kind of fun. It’s near Hyde Park and a pretty easy walk to great shopping…",Date of stay: June 2018,5.0
789,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or790-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Generally very good!,"I stayed for one night and, despite it being fairly expensive, it was a good stay.  The hotel staff were very helpful, and the in-room breakfast was great (apart from one slight discrepancy in terms of what I ordered and what i received)!  One small issue: I arrived at Paddington Station, having been told that the hotel is linked to the station by footbridge - ""Simply take the escalator opposite platforms 6 and 7 directly to Hilton London Paddington hotel."" For the life of me, I could not find the supposed elevator ... or a footbridge.  Is there any chance of clearer directions, as I had assumed that this would be on the station concourse somewhere (on the Praed Street side), but there was nothing that i could find!",Date of stay: June 2018,4.0
790,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or795-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great Hotel and Location is good.,"While visiting London this is a great place to stay.  The bus stop is right out front, we joined the bus to hop on and hop off whenever we needed.  There we a lot of near by restaurants and we felt safe at all times. ",Date of stay: December 2017,5.0
791,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or795-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Idea location for West End and Heathrow!,"Perfect location for going to the theater; shopping, museums and great restaurants AND then only 15 minutes from Heathrow...very convenient and comfortable too. Staff friendly; rooms comfortable; good nights sleep",Date of stay: June 2018,4.0
792,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or795-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Excellent Location,"Hotel is next to Paddington Station where you can take the Heathrow Express train to Heathrow airport. Stayed in the old building . Room is spacious and comfortable and comes with the usual amenities. However the fittings and furniture do betray that it’s old. Buffet breakfast is decent. With the exception of one wait staff (who was polite and pleasant) at breakfast, the others lack warmth and friendliness and doesn’t make us feel welcome. Nevertheless I will probably return due to the excellent location to Paddington Station.",Date of stay: June 2018,4.0
793,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or795-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great location and lovely room,"I’ve never stayed in the Paddington area before but would again. I had a lovely, light,  newly decorated room in the GWR wing. It overlooked the station but was surprisingly quiet.  My one complaint is the hairdryer, which while of adequate strength, had a bungee-style cord. And the only power point near a mirror was in the dressing area very near ground level. Standing up to dry my hair while pulling the cord was near impossible. Not sure why it couldn’t have had a normal cord, but there you go.",Date of stay: June 2018,5.0
794,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or795-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Don't stay here -- terrible rooms.,"I stayed here for a night before heading to Heathrow. It was recommended to me because of its location. I had an awful time.  1. There aren't plugs near the bed (they use lamp plugs not the standard UK power plugs), so facilities had to bring up an extension cord to run across the room from the desk so I could plug in my CPAP medical device.  2. The AC didn't work. It was a warm summer in London, but my room never cooled off.   3. When set to warm, the shower temp varied at random between scalding and cold.  4. The rooms feel like they need to be updated (fluorescent/argon lights vs LED), OLD iPod alarm clock base, very little information about hotel amenities, etc. I think the only thing they did update was the minibar which is pressure sensitive.  Overall, I wouldn't stay at…",Date of stay: June 2018,1.0
795,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or800-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Happy to be back again.,"Just had another five night stay in this hotel. We have stayed here regularly for over ten years and are always pleased to come back. the situation is ideal for visiting London with easy walking to the west end or taxi and buses are easily accessible and the tube station is just across the road. We arrive by train from Cornwall and within a few minutes are in the hotel. The room is always clean and comfortable, the staff friendly and efficient and always helpful. We always  find the food to be very good with a wide variety available for breakfast. We must mention two great waiters who we have come to know over time they are Valenton and Nyson, thank you guys for looking after us so well. They are a credit to your hotel. We really feel at home here and hope to  be back in…",Date of stay: June 2018,5.0
796,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or800-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Old and tired...so is the hotel!,"This property, while well situated, is in need of a major renovation.  The rooms are small, a/c doesn’t work, hot water abs internet are spotty. Do NOT recommend. Staff are kind although check-in was less than hospitable.",Date of stay: June 2018,2.0
797,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or800-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Meh. Overpriced, lacklustre. Location was its only positive.","We stayed here ONE night (thank goodness) to take the GWR sleeper train from London to Penzance. We wanted to be really close for our train and this was one of the 'better' rated hotels in the area, with a name we knew.  HOWEVER... it's so overwhelmingly average...it hurts. The entire place needs a facelift, and when you pair that with the price, it's not cutting it.   We paid for a late check-out, and that with the nightly rate (plus some horrid room service dinner) our total bill was jaw droppingly high. I don't mind paying for great service in a beautiful hotel, but this was ridiculous.   --WHAT WAS BAD-- - The room service. It was extremely slow, food was awful. - The view. Looked onto nothing but other buildings and maintenance. - Value for the price paid  --WHAT WAS GOOD--…",Date of stay: November 2017,3.0
798,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or800-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Conveniently located hotel in London.,"Enjoyed our stay in this boutique hotel. The Paddington underground is just across the facade of the hotel and also could go through the back door to the Paddington mall, Heathrow Express line and the district and circle underground line. If you are Hilton elite member, gold at least and you book direct through Hilton website, your chance of getting upgraded to suite when available is great. You also have access to the executive lounge which is open 6:30 am to 11 pm and with happy hour from 6 to 8 pm. Great value for elite members. I booked for3 people to executive room with lounge access for $247 per night, prepaid for 3 nights and luckily upgrade to 2 BR suite. Daniela in the reception desk is very helpful and friendly.",Date of stay: May 2018,5.0
799,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or800-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Exceptional hotel in the perfect location,"This hotel is as close to perfect as you can get.  From access to the train station to the high ceilings in the rooms, this place stands out.  The service level was extremely impressive.  We'll be back again.",Date of stay: June 2018,5.0
800,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or805-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,One night ,I stayed here during a business trip. Unfortunately the Hilton forgot apparently what “business travelers” mean:  . I checked in at 3:30pm and when I got to my room I met the house keeper finishing up... . Concierge are nowhere to be seen. I had to wait for 15 minutes until the front desk called him and he simply came out from the back ( was he avoiding customers? Watching football?). Most of the time the desk is empty. . very poor WIFI (I chose the paying option for supposedly a better one to no avail) and it keeps logging you off every 5 minutes. I am writing this review on 4G as it is impossible to get a stable connection on WiFi. . Business center closed on Sunday . I asked the concierge to print a set of notes for my presentation of the following day and he advised me to go…,Date of stay: June 2018,1.0
801,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or805-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great stay,"We stayed in hotel Hilton London Paddington. We were really very glad by the by Rakesh , Federico and Ariaana .The stay was excellent . The metro connectivity from the hotel was easily accessible. We had booked through our travel agent i.e. Gainwell travels .We had two bookings i.e. one from 21st -25th May and the other from 29th -1st June 2018. I had emailed to Mr Rakesh that it is my wife's bday so if it is possible for you to do something special and to confirm the bookings. Mr Rakesh personally called me and clarified the bookings . After the clarifications on the phone .He personally looked into our matter and upgraded our room which was a higher category room and even gave us lounge access every day. From 29th - 1st June also he gave us a higher category room . Mr Rakesh…",Date of stay: May 2018,5.0
802,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or805-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great Location,"The location was convient, easy access to and from the airport. The service was not bad but definitely has room for improvement. The room was decent, clean and had everything we needed. It would be nice if they had a call or text feature to notify when the room is ready, especially after a long red eye flight.",Date of stay: June 2018,3.0
803,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or805-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Convenient, Easy and Friendly","Decided to stay here instead of a Heathrow Hilton on way back home to Vancouver from Lisbon. I will do this again! It's way easier to jump on the Heathrow Express than deal with the frustration and risk of a Heathrow Hoppa to get to and from a Heathrow hotel. We had booked an Executive Double through the Hilton Honours App and checked into a room on the 5th floor. It was a large older room but with all the amenities. However, on this 25 deg. day, the air conditioning was hopeless and the room was still stifling with it on full blast. A big shout out to Daniella, the Front Desk Supervisor on duty who moved us to a 2nd floor Executive Double in the GWR Tower. A new, pristine art-deco room with excellent air conditioning. These Tower rooms are excellent with a large marble bathroom…",Date of stay: June 2018,5.0
804,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or805-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Spacious, Predictable, convenient","With an entrance directly into Paddington Station, it is the most convenient hotel for the trains. It is unexpectedly spacious inside and my room was well equipped and roomy, even if somewhat dated in the decor and design. Bed was comfortable. Everything worked. Reception staff friendly and efficient. Plethora of local dining options within a couple of minutes walk. ",Date of stay: June 2018,4.0
805,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or810-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,good location for transport,"The hotel is attached to the train station, and has a tube stop just across the street.  It is in a nice walkable area, and has close parks and restaurants.  We really liked the ease of getting around from here as a home base.  The rooms were bigger than I expected for a downtown hotel, and the staff was very nice.  There was a water spot on the ceiling of our bathroom, and there was a light switch at the entrance to the room that shut the lights off for the whole room.  Smart for saving electricity, but made us worried when we first checked the room and couldn't get the bathroom lights on.  All in all, a good place to use if you are wanting to be away from the hustle of downtown but still be close to all the sights.   We really liked the direct link to the airport too.",Date of stay: May 2018,4.0
806,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or810-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Breakfast and staff,"I stayed in this Hilton for 13 days and every morning was the best. They have a wonderful breakfast and to top it off wonderful staff. They are so helpful and always on top of anything you need. Ilamis, Pablo and Ana were amazing. They made my stay! ",Date of stay: June 2018,5.0
807,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or810-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Good location, excellent customer service.","I found this to be a great hotel both in terms of its location and its customer service. My two pieces of evidence for customer service are as follows. On checking in there was an American guy in front on me who was on a European wide business trip, his travel arrangements and accommodation had been booked by a third party and they had booked his room at the Hilton for one week in the previous month. Rather than state the obvious and say it was not their problem, without any fuss or drama the reception staff worked hard to find the guy a room and within ten minutes he was checked in. When I travelled I had had an operation on my hand and my arm was in a sling, the staff could not have been more helpful with luggage , doors, even to the point of offering to cut up my dinner and…",Date of stay: September 2017,5.0
808,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or810-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Poor, suggest you consider with care","Over 200.00 GBP for a room with no breakfast should have been warning enough. On arrival there was no assistance with luggage, no description of the hotel, no indication of what the hotel had to offer. We stayed for 4 nights, two of which were a disaster as water from the sink, shower and bath was scolding hot, on advising the desk no action was taken. we chose to stay in the GWR rooms that offered additional space, please be ware that there no a single security door was working, nor were the lifts secure.  London offers a vast choice, even as a sliver member I would never stay at this hotel, simply poor management.",Date of stay: May 2018,2.0
809,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or810-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Many pluses,We will definitely stay here again. You can't beat the location if you only have a couple of days. Heathrow Express was a great asset.  It is an old hotel and a tad tired.  My only complaint was the location of our room.  Marble hall which led to another corridor.  Walking by in heels was very noisy. They did offer to change rooms but we were running too hard.  Staff at the executive lounge were wonderful ,Date of stay: June 2018,4.0
810,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or815-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great location and hotel,"Great location, best hotel in the area.  much less expensive than other parts of London.  Love the bathtub!  Paddington Station is so convenient with the Heathrow Express.  Took only 25 minutes from check out to arrival at Heathrow which included waiting for the train to depart. ",Date of stay: May 2018,5.0
811,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or815-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Nice Hotel with good breakfast ,"Stayed here for 3 nights with our two children. The Hotel is good, staff friendly and breakfast nice and wasn't too crowded even during the Rushhour. The downsides are the very high price and everything looks a little used. Elevators make scary noises, rooms look very used. Nevertheless we had a great stay and might come again.",Date of stay: May 2018,4.0
812,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or815-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Very nice room,"Very comfortable, but a bit noisy. After days of rain the carpeting by the windows was soggy -  a wonder there wasn’t a mold problem. This hotel is very close to paddington station, and many fine eateries.",Date of stay: May 2018,4.0
813,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or815-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Siqi,"It’s a very nice experience here. Especially the good service of Fabio, a very nice, kind Italian with very warm welcome to my little girl. It’s a fantastic trip for four nights in this hotel. Very nice place to stay with family",Date of stay: May 2018,5.0
814,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or815-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Great location, very nice hotel","Location is basically adjacent to London’s Paddington station. No need to exit, entrance to hotel is an escalator ride up from the stations main floor. You can get to and from Heathrow in a 15 minute train ride and less than 5 minute walk to or from hotel to train.  You can also use the underground at Paddington station and get to most places in London. A for location in terms of ease of travel.  WiFi worked well.  Lounge is pretty good. Not the largest lounge but food and drinks offerings were more than adequate.  Stayed in the GWR wing. Rooms were newer, perfect size for a couple. Add children and you may want a suite room. Bathroom is quite nice, standup rain shower, separate bath tub and of the two rooms i stayed in the toilet was separated in one of them. Mini bar well…",Date of stay: May 2018,4.0
815,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or820-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Exceptionally Fantastic!!!,"Location is great, receptionists are very helpful, service is great too! Breakfast could had more choices though but generally rooms are big and spacious. I would definitely visit again Hilton London Paddington Hotel.",Date of stay: May 2018,5.0
816,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or820-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Very Good Services and location but not the room,"It's difficult decision to choose between ""Average"" and ""Very Good"". The hotel staff gave a very good attention and services. Location of hotel very good as it is located in the heart of the city. Unfortunately the room start getting older and with single style old window you can hear noisy sounds from the street. Choose higher floor maybe will solve the problem.",Date of stay: April 2018,4.0
817,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or820-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Fantastic hotel,We had a short stay but found this location to be great.  The staff was very helpful.  It was the start of our honeymoon so our room was fantastic and nicely setup for us!  We will be back and this will be where we stay. Thanks Hilton!,Date of stay: May 2018,5.0
818,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or820-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Excellent as usual,"Love this hotel, great rooms, so handy and staff are great. Big shout out to the staff in the exec lounge and Fabio and Valentin at breakfast, thank you. The bar is also full of big comfy chairs and sofas and I keep returning even when it’s out of my way as it’s so easy to connect to anywhere in London and beyond",Date of stay: May 2018,5.0
819,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or820-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Location, convenience, good service","This has been my go-to hotel in London for a few years.    One reason: plane to room/shower in under an hour.  no traffic, the Heathrow express.  Rooms are aging, but comfortable, and normally good value rates.  Occasionally had issues with hot water/showers.    Staff are nice and try to help when any issues.  Decent breakfast spread.",Date of stay: May 2018,4.0
820,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or825-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great hospitality! Thanks Fabio!,Great Hotel in very good location. Great hospitality from reception to breakfast! Clean Good rooms! A very big thanks to Fabio for his willingness and his coffee! Great job! I will come back for sure!,Date of stay: May 2018,5.0
821,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or825-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Heritage hotel, nice and comfortable",The grand looking heritage building is at a great location very very close to paddington station. We were a group of about 100 people but the check in was really smooth. All basic facilities available in the room but no exceptional facilities. Bedroom slippers and dental kit were provided when asked for. The toothpaste in the dental kit is enough for only a day but it will not be replenished unless asked for. Either a big toothpaste needs to be provided or it needs to be replenished daily without asking for it.   A better and bigger lobby was expected and the breakfast area almost merges with the lobby. However the long corridors in the fifth floor where we stayed were almost royal with arches and nice carpets.  The hotel provides a lavish spread of authentic English breakfast…,Date of stay: May 2018,4.0
822,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or825-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,weekend away with family.,"The Hotel was very close to Paddington Station a 5 minute walk. There is a taxi rank outside the front entrance.Bedrooms were clean and roomy.The breakfast was superb with a good choice of both hot and cold dishes on offer,the staff on duty during breakfast were very friendly and helpful.I would stay here again for sure.",Date of stay: May 2018,5.0
823,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or825-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Excellent hotel,Travelled on coach tour for concert at Royal Albert Hall with Edwards Coaches South Wales.  Well run comfortable central hotel. Comfortable public areas. Our bedroom was roomy with a comfortable huge bed. Bathroom was classy and roomy.   Fabio one of the waiters was very attentive and had a pleasant friendly approach to his work. He was very efficient and recognised us on the second morning remembering that we wanted tea !  He obviously loved his job and had the necessary people skills.,Date of stay: May 2018,5.0
824,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or825-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Very good,"Excellent location, can be accessed directly by the shops in Paddington. Separate entrance for late night returns. Very convenient for all London areas, as from Paddington the underground goes/connects everywhere. We got a room with executive lounge access, which can save lots in expensive London, not only breakfast, but happy hour and all day drinks.",Date of stay: May 2018,4.0
825,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or830-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Very Convenient Location,"This hotel is a very nice.  The Heathrow express drops you off at Paddington Station and the hotel is connected to the train station.  The hotel is a short walk to Hyde Park.  The room itself was nice but needs to have more plugs.  The hotel was quiet.  The breakfast was very nice, but was fairly expensive.  Mine was a part of the room rate.  I wouldn't ordinarily pay for it if it wasn't included.",Date of stay: March 2018,4.0
826,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or830-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Love this hotel,I love staying here - massive rooms. Super clean and super comfortable. Hotel has an Art Deco style throughout. Location is fabulous- right inside Paddington station so you can catch a late train up and then the tube is right there on the doorstep. Staff are friendly and efficient ,Date of stay: May 2018,5.0
827,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or830-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Excellent Location but lacks the Hilton culture,"You are in the Hospitality business. Please smile! Upon arrival and check-in, we were not greeted by the young lady in training. She was allowed to check-in customers while in training yet no one told her that she should say “Hello”, “Welcome” followed by a smile. It seems like the entire Hotel staff could use some Hospitality 101 training/refresher. Even the concierge was distant and avoided eye contact seem too busy for the customers?  The rooms were small but nice which is to be expected. The location is fabulous. If I ever return to London, this Hotel will be on the top of the list.   Hilton stay true to your brand",Date of stay: May 2018,4.0
828,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or830-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Good reliable Hilton,"Here for one night during a week when I’ve paid £209 for a room in a rival chain that was the same size as my Hilton bathroom.   £249 for one night bed and breakfast in a standard room isn’t cheap but you get a comfortable double room, plenty of space and you are literally overlooking Paddington station. Bathroom has a bath with shower over and is also spacious. Staff are friendly, standards are high. I really like this hotel, having stayed here a number of times.   This view has intensified after sampling what a poor offering other hotels in London provide for a similar price.   After seeing London hotel prices outrageously high this week, the Hilton price has stayed the same, making it great value.   Great hotel. ",Date of stay: May 2018,4.0
829,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or830-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great hotel ,"This hotel makes heathrow travel so easy (15 min train ride) as the entrance is right inside Paddington station. It is then easy to travel around London. The staff are always helpful and pleasant. I had an issue during my stay with the room and the focus of Rakesh Singh, Guest Relations Manager, on making sure all was resolved and that I was happy was exemplary. What fantastic customer service! ",Date of stay: May 2018,5.0
830,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or835-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,London Visit,"Stayed at this hotel on our last night. If you want fast access to Heathrow, this is the best hotel. It’s clean, very well furnished. The staff is excellent and very accommodating.  The Heathrow Express train is 30 seconds from the back door and it’s a 14 minute train ride to Heathrow. I spent hours in taxis trying to get to Heathrow. Location of the hotel is excellent. Many things to see on the area. I highly recommend this hotel. ",Date of stay: May 2018,5.0
831,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or835-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Tired hotel,"Stayed on business.    A zoo to check in and check out not enough staff helping Electronic lock didn't work on first night due to 'up grading of the system' three times I had to get staff to use a master key to open my door Executive lounge food was average and some had run out at breakfast.    Staff I have to say are excellent  Bottom line I am sure this is great for tourists and those going to Heathrow, for business I will go elsewhere next time",Date of stay: May 2018,3.0
832,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or835-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Worst hotel,I stayed in hilton paddington for 3 nights on 23 april until 26 april and in the last night my luggage covers missing😏. I had 2 big luggage covers with  zipper and TSA lock and the housekeeping throwed it😣,Date of stay: April 2018,1.0
833,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or835-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Misleading Cancelation Policy & Poor Regardless,"I tried to cancel my booking 24 hours ahead of arrival only to find out the policy is 1 Day!   My fault.  The sad part was that Hilton reservations said they we sympathetic but that I had to go through Booking.com in accordance with their conditions. They said it was up to the Hilton, asked them and got a no!   All in all a pretty poor effort for what I took to be a decent hotel group. The hotel in the end was nothing special, in fact, quite dated and shabby. Can't knock the staff for trying but reception and concierge were under-staffed, stressed and struggling.  Somebody in front of me had the audacity to seek help in getting cases to their room and everything fell apart! Lol   Cannot recommend. ",Date of stay: May 2018,1.0
834,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or835-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great hotel and super staff!,"Stayed over the long weekend with family . The hotel has a great position in front of subway station. The hotel itself is historical and it has a large but cozy entrance. Our room was beautiful and spacious. I want to especially mention the staff of the hotel, always smiling always helpful. I have to say Fabio in particular, in the restaurant for breakfast made our vacation special making feeel the girls like the were princesses. Keep up the great work!",Date of stay: May 2018,5.0
835,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or840-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Not handicaped friendly!,"Entry stairs to hotel have 6 steps, no handrails. Bath has high tub sides, no grab bars. WiFi sucks. If you want a decent wiFi connection it will cost you $18.00 a day. Ridiculous. Every BnB we stayed at in London had excellent WiFi. Air conditioning is almost non existent. The windows are bared shut so no chance for ny fresh air. The water from the shower is inconsistant. Almost scladed myself. On the positive side the room was overly large. About 500 sf not including the bath. Great place for an orgy if you have friends there. Plenty of room on the empty floor space. Clean, friendly folks whi work there, elevators and cheap in terms of London prices. Two per night from booking.com was $119.00.  If you have any walking problems or use a walker look somewhere else. You won't…",Date of stay: May 2018,3.0
836,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or840-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Conveniently located nice property,We had our regional meeting here. Conveniently located property. Very courteous staff and excellent hospitality. They has accommodated special Indian menu for our group which was an excellent gesture. Delicious food with excellent service which we all relished.,Date of stay: May 2018,5.0
837,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or840-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Convenient Location on the way to Heathrow,"Located off the main concourse of Paddington Station, the hotel offered quick check-in (with room selection from the Hilton app) and a reasonably quiet overnight before an early morning trip on the Heathrow Express.",Date of stay: May 2018,5.0
838,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or840-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Very well situated and comfortable,"A gracious old railway hotel now reinvented as a Hilton.Adjacent to Paddington Station  it has large public rooms and impressive reception area. My room was large and well appointed, high ceilings and beautiful fitted furniture.Very comfortable large double bed with immaculate white covered duvet and lovely pillows. Bathroom was a good size too with shining bath and shower and lots of lovely toiletries and fluffy towels.  The room looked over an internal courtyard so was very quiet. unfortunately the large windows would not open, The weather was not and there was air conditioning which was rather noisy and took a long time to cool the room down. That was the only drawback. i had a comfortable night's sleep and found all staff friendly and efficient. Ideal stopping off point for…",Date of stay: May 2018,4.0
839,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or840-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Very old building,"This was my first time to visit London, and I was excited to stay at this historical hotel. However, upon check-in, room was not ready, so that I had to wait for 2 hours. Then, the given room was small, dirty, and right above the back alley, which was totally uncomfortable. I returned to the Front Desk and asked for room change, but it took again time, and even staff changed. As I had another booking at this hotel in 2 weeks, I wanted to make sure that I can get ""better"" rooms. In the end, I paid extra for room change to a better grade. Too busy all the time, and had to wait for everything.",Date of stay: July 2017,4.0
840,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or845-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Old and seemingly always too hot -- but great for Heathrow Express access,"I always stay here the night before I need to head off to Heathrow, just because it is so convenient to get to the Heathrow Express from the hotel -- literally just exit the hotel lobby and you are there.  The Hilton London Metropole is almost as convenient but you do have to take the tube for one stop which is enough of a pain for me that I just and up staying at the Hilton London Paddington even though I think the Metropole is a nicer hotel.  I don't like the fact that you often have to walk up some steps to get to and from your hotel room.  The elevator will take you to your floor but, depending on the floor, you may have to traverse five steps or so to access your room.  Just a pain if you are lugging a lot of suitcases.  Another thing I don't like is that the rooms are…",Date of stay: April 2018,3.0
841,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or845-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Not a good visit,"I booked a room in their new GWR Tower. Yes it is more modern looking and supposed to have its own executive lounge, but not worth the extra money. And to get to the wing. Go up a small elevator to floor 2, walk a long way around and then take the executive elevators. The executive lounge is rather small, which would not be an issue except the fact the main executive lounge is being renovated and everyone else is using this lounge smaller than the other executive lounge. With the confusing set up, I asked a maid how to get to my room. They sent me to Floor 2 instead of the GWR tower floor 5 (room is begins with 25) apparently they don't know how the rooms are situated.  The Air Conditioning in my room was not throwing cold enough air. Called and they did someone immediate. He…",Date of stay: May 2018,2.0
842,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or845-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Forth and LAST time staying at the Hilton London Paddington,"As the title suggests, this will be the last time that I stay at this hotel and I may in fact cancel my Hilton Honors membership entirely as a result of this stay.   Ironically, many of my complaints stem directly from my using the ""Hilton Honors"" mobile app' to book this stay. I've stayed here before, but always booked through Expedia and never had an issue. This time I used the Hilton mobile app' and EVERYTHING went wrong.   Problem #1.   When I booked I chose ""DOUBLE DELUXE ROOM - BREAKFAST INCLUDED"". I repeat... ""BREAKFAST INCLUDED"". and paid an additional 26 GBP per night to have ""BREAKFAST INCLUDED"". However, to the Hilton Paddington, ""BREAKFAST INCLUDED"" means it includes a choice of bread, cold cereal and coffee. (Continental Breakfast) The Hot Buffet breakfast is an…",Date of stay: May 2018,1.0
843,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or845-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Very Good Locations. but classic building,the hotel located in front of paddington stations and have a connected entranc also with the stations. and very nears to M&S Supermarket so you can buy for snack until midnight.   the room was good enough but i think its need some upgrade. the staff are helpfull but they are not ussual to handle big group. a little bit slow for big group.   But overall is good.,Date of stay: April 2018,4.0
844,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or845-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Convenient for travelling to or from LHR and train to Somerset ,Devon & Cornwall","The hotel lobby has direct access to the waiting area of Paddington Station. If your tired after flying or have to get up early for the next stage of your journey it is an ideal location. The rooms are not deluxe but comfortable. The food is just OK - suggest you go out to eat (the Swan pub by Hyde Park is a 5 minute walk and has good food) and if you can avoid it, don't be held to ransom by Hilton Paddington's ridiculously high charge for wifi.",Date of stay: April 2018,3.0
845,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or850-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Perfect Birthday Dinner,"I booked a surprise birthday dinner for my wife through Wowcher Discount Voucher at the ground floor restaurant at Paddington Hilton Hotel.  I initially booked but had to reschedule with no fuss from the staff. On the day, we were well catered for; right from when we got to the restaurant. The Waiter by the name 'Moses' was excellent, provided answers to our requests and his customer service was satisfying.  On the food, I was surprised that my wife (who is hard to satisfy) enjoyed it and even requested to meet the Chef by the name 'Sudhir'. We were very happy and well satisfied with the service and the food, even though it was a discount voucher. We promised to visit the restaurant again. We are currently planning a family visit to the restaurant.  We recommend the restaurant…",Date of stay: April 2018,4.0
846,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or850-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Splendid hotel,"This hotel was lovely. It's in a great location (adjacent to the train station & the tube). The staff is very friendly and the rooms were nice. There is a charge for wifi unless you're a Hilton rewards member, which is free. I would definitely stay here again",Date of stay: July 2017,4.0
847,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or850-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great location & friendly staff!,I stayed at the hotel for one night before an early morning train journey from Paddington. The hotel is a brilliant location for the station without the feel you are sleeping that close! The staff were incredibly friendly and even provided me a free upgrade to a terrace room. The room was incredibly spacious and the terrace was lovely to watch the sun set with a glass of something cold. Would recommend the hotel without hesitation ,Date of stay: April 2018,5.0
848,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or850-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,The convenience and extra perks were the advantage ,"I stayed here because of the direct access to the Heathrow Express. It is very convenient to Paddington and that made going to the airport a lot easier. I booked an executive suite, and was pleased with the perks. Private access to an executive lounge with food and refreshments complimentary. That was the positives. The room itself was nice enough, I did not like the cot bed set up in the room that was not a good aesthetic. The bed itself was very uncomfortable and the AC all over the building but especially in the executive lounge and my room was unacceptable. It was so hot in my room I opened all the windows and still roasted. The AC was not working in my room at all. I dined at the restaurant and was pleased with the service and the food.",Date of stay: April 2018,3.0
849,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or850-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,£14.99 for in-room wifi for one night!,"Ghastly experience trying to book online  -  whereby in-room wifi is notionally free. But in fact if you choose not to join the ""Honors Programme"" you have to add £14.99. My basic room charge was already £236 and so I cancelled the booking. I must have been asked six times to join the Honors Programme and had repeatedly to say that I did not want to. And the Helpline number they gave out was wrong too.  Avoid!",Date of stay: April 2018,1.0
850,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or855-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Perfect for a quick Business Trip,Take the train from Heathrow directly to Paddington station. You might struggle a bit to find the hotel once in the station. You have to head to the mezzanine. Very central and convenient for a quick trip. The room was ok.,Date of stay: March 2018,4.0
851,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or855-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Family tagging along on business. ,I stay as this hotel frequently and a loyal Diamond member for many years. When an  opportunity arose to bring the family on a trip I was very excited to come back to the Paddington where I am a regular guest. We booked months In advance what we thought were the best rooms in the hotel the Terrace Suites. To our great disappointment the rooms were unlivable due to significant problems with their heating and cooling system which we understand had been going on for months and will take additional months to fix.   The rooms we extremely hot and unbearable to stay in and one night we had to sleep with our door open (security concerns to the wind) in order to have some fresh air into the room.  When we were give a choice of a different room the same issues. The hotel obviously has a…,Date of stay: April 2018,2.0
852,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or855-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Exceptional Hospitality,"My self and my wife visited and stayed at this hotel last night.This was our first visit to this hotel as we have stayed in other Central London hotels previously.  Great and easy to get too and is immediately outside London Paddington Station.  Reception and booking in was a smooth process and as we were early we were able to store our luggage whilst we went for Lunch.  Concierge are very warm and very accomadating and nothing is to much for them. Particular thanks goes to SAF Bouchaib who's professionalism and Customer service is without doubt above and beyond.  Our Double Standard room was spacious with all the necessary comforts i.e Large flat screen,Tea Coffee facilities, ironing facilities basically everything covered.  Room was very clean and the bathroom was a good size…",Date of stay: April 2018,5.0
853,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or855-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel with a  convenient location to trains,Picked the Hilton at Paddington because of location to trains and the tube. It was lovely and worked very well for us. The staff was extremely helpful and professional at the front desk area and in the restaurants. Would stay there again.,Date of stay: April 2018,5.0
854,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or855-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Brasserie service review,"We've been using the Brasserie for business on several occasions lately and we keep coming back because of the friendly, helpful service we enjoy each time from Arianna and Nyson. Along with their colleagues they deliver a very refreshing experience. Our thanks to the team and we look forward to seen them again on the 2nd May. Simon and Tim.",Date of stay: April 2018,4.0
855,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or860-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Convenient location,"After landing at Heathrow, we took the Heathrow Express (HE) and a short 15 minutes later we arrived at Paddington Station.  We found Paddington the Bear waiting for us on a bench with a marmalade sandwich and that was the beginning of a most convenient and pleasant stay.  Paddington Station is on 5 Tube lines plus the HE and railroad.  Several bus lines make stops close to the hotel.  The daily buffet breakfast was consistently good although scones were never on the menu, which is odd to me that a quintessential British food wasn't available; a shout out to two solicitous servers who spoke several languages:  Gloria and Nyson.  The room was clean although brighter lighting would be helpful.",Date of stay: April 2018,4.0
856,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or860-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Mixed thoughts,"Had a one-night stay on 14th April.  The room was excellent, clean and comfortable, but the next morning there was no hot water in the bathroom so we could not wash or shower.  We ate in the hotel Italian restaurant on Saturday night which was virtually empty and we could understand why - people voting with their feet! In my spaghetti vongole there were just six clams; the sauce was tasteless and under seasoned and the pasta undercooked.  My wife chose a chicken dish in which the chicken pieces had obviously been cooked separately from the sauce and then added to it. Breakfast was excellent, however, and the staff very attentive and helpful, in particular our waiter, Arjun.",Date of stay: April 2018,2.0
857,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or860-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Excellent service,"I stayed at the Tower section of the hotel for 5 nights in January 2018 and 6 nights in April 2018.  I especially like the Executive Lounge.  Sunford, the Hilton staff, provided excellent service for my breakfast and evening drinks and snacks.",Date of stay: April 2018,5.0
858,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or860-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Convenience and comfort at Paddington Station,"We landed at the Hilton London Paddington for 1 night after an international flight before traveling onward via the Great Western Railway.  For this quick stay we booked a double guest room and did not upgrade to a tower or executive room and think that was a good choice.  The room was compact, quiet, clean and very comfortable. Good blackout curtains so we could sleep in.  For London on a bank holiday weekend we found the cost  reasonable.   We did find the restaurant to be not what we were looking for so walked another 300 feet to a pub style restaurant in the station which was lovely. We had a few drinks in the bar and found the setting and service perfectly pleasant.  Would recommend for an easy overnight before/after traveling from Paddington station.",Date of stay: March 2018,4.0
859,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or860-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Nice stay, without disappointments","The room was clean and had an antique ambience. It had a really high ceiling which, i though, was nice and old-fashioned.   The bathroom was quite large, but it should be kept at a higher standard.  The breakfast was fresh and tasty.",Date of stay: December 2017,4.0
860,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or865-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Disappointing - room not clean - hotel is very warm,"My recent stay was disappointing. The hotel is conveniently located next to Paddington station. From the train platform you walk straight into the hotel (if you can find the access). Padding station itself has an excellent connection with Heathrow through Heathrow Express (tip: you can get a discount on the Express if you stay in the hotel). So far, so good.  But when I entered the hotel the poor experience started. Staff is very international, so international it created a language barrier. Nevertheless I got a room assigned and received my key. What I already noticed is the high temperature in the hotel. Throughout the hotel the temperature was above convenient. The floor in the hallways also feel strange, it feels as if boards under the carpets are loose and there are holes…",Date of stay: April 2018,2.0
861,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or865-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Nice stay ,Stayed here with my family when we visited London for a couple of days. It was busy but everything was still organised. Lovely staff. From the lobby you’ll get greeted right away and they will show you where to go and what to do if you need assistance. They also provided us some information about the local area. I booked a room which is good for 5 people but it turned out that we’re 6 cuz one of my family members decided to come along but that didn’t become a problem as the receptionist sorted out our room for us right away. ,Date of stay: September 2017,5.0
862,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or865-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,5 Star stay at the Hilton Paddington !,A 5 star stay in the newly renovated portion of the Hilton Paddington (GWR Towers). Lovely decorated rooms with all the necessary amenities and so conveniently placed at Paddington Station. I have reviewed several times but felt this visit mandated another 5 star comment !,Date of stay: April 2018,5.0
863,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or865-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,MUCH better than expected!,"When boking, I was merely thinking of convenience to communication - and very convenient it is. But the hotel has values of its own; it is a very nice place. For being next to the trainstation it is quiet and orderly, and check-in is like a clock-work. You may need a GPS to find the Tower Rooms, but when there you find yourself in modern clean comfort with most things included. I especially likes the 7th floor lounge and the additional euroean sockets. Nothing did not work - in other words: everything worked :) When adding Brittish kindness to good location and ad ”Hilton” - this is what you get.  Ill be back - rest assured!  Sincerely  Jacob Vierö",Date of stay: April 2018,4.0
864,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or865-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Excellent hotel in London,"I have been in this hotel last march. It was really nice, clean and smart. I love the main and common areas, that reveal the beauty of the 20th century building of GWR company. Rooms are big, the bed is comfortable (the good hard mattress that I really love), large toilet perfect and clean and the overall service is really good. Breakfast is really amazing and the staff is really kind. The room has a large TV screen and lovely retro' furnitures.",Date of stay: March 2018,5.0
865,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or870-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,2 night visit In a family room ,"We are staying in London Paddington Hotel in a family room  Slightly dated decor but clean and nice  Disappointed with the lack of free WiFi - we were told at reception that we had to be members of the honours club to get free wifi - considering we get free wifi in hostels and other lesser star hotels I would expect at this rate for a room we would have had complimentary wifi   Breakfast this morning was good, the staff were very friendly, we were served by Ilaria and Arianne who were lovely, even making pancakes especially for my girls which made them feel extra special  They went through options with us to ensure the kids got what they wanted  They took some time to talk to us about where we were from and our trip which was nice   Staff everywhere in the hotel have been very…",Date of stay: April 2018,5.0
866,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or870-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,2 day visit,This hotel is great for a quick trip in and out of the city from Heathrow.  The Express train is super easy to take and fast.  Hotel is stones throw from train station.    It is a little older but rooms are large and bathroom towels and other ammendities are great.  Walking distance to lots of restaurants.  Very pleasant walk to Oxford street.  Would recommend.,Date of stay: April 2018,4.0
867,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or870-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Perfect location!,Decor is dated but you can’t find any better location! Travel from Heathrow on the Heathrow Express and arrive at hotel in about 15 minutes. Fast and easy and you get off the train literally at the hotel door.  Wonderful assortment of restaurants all up and down Praed street so no reason to eat in the Hilton’s formal restaurant. Go a few steps outdoors and find many exciting cuisines.   ,Date of stay: April 2018,4.0
868,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or870-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Decent hotel, great location as is right next to Paddington station","Decent hotel , the flat cotton pillows sucked, attached to Paddington station where there's a Sainsburyand m&s food. Fridge in the room but stocked so there was little room to keep anything in. However the location was great we would likely stay there again if they give us good pillows",Date of stay: April 2018,4.0
869,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or870-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Lovely birthday breakfast,"My teenage daughter wanted to have a birthday breakfast involving a buffet. We were recommended the Hilton Paddington. I phoned up ahead - it isn't normally possible to reserve a table, but when we (me and my three teenage daughters) arrived at 9.30ish on Sunday morning there was one reserved for us. The breakfast was just great (particularly the mini pastries and the pancake machine, according to the girls) but the kind staff made the whole experience. They dimmed the lights and sang happy birthday, bringing out a little cheesecake. Thank you to Frederico and the rest of the staff for making it such a memorable occasion.",Date of stay: April 2018,5.0
870,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or875-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Easter Weekend,Hotel is in a great location links to underground parks shops and cafes. Check in Was fast and smooth. Room was beautiful had all you would expect from a Double Room Hotel.   Stayed for 2 nights the hotel does not have any spa facilities which was disappointing to add to that the lifts are very slow can be inconvenient when staying on higher floors in the hotel.   Stay included Breakfast which was average not much of a selection on offer however the staff were helpful and accommodated our breakfast request.      Overall would stay here again due to Value for money and location.,Date of stay: April 2018,4.0
871,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or875-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,In the Center.......,"This is already my 3rd stay in this hotel and it simply amazing. The hotel is at the center of everything. Sitting right at Paddington Station, it is quite easy to go to anywhere in London or UK via rail from this location. Breakfast at the Brassiere is good with plenty of choices. The staff are very friendly and warm particularly Arjun at the restaurant and Avelino at Concierge. Definitely recommended for families wanting to tour London.",Date of stay: April 2018,5.0
872,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or875-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Best part is free breakfast,"I stay at the Hilton Paddington primarily because it is directly accessible via the Heathrow Express service. Rooms are old, not IT compatible, and you have to go through a labyrinth to get to your room--not to mention 6 steps you need to climb with your suitcases without bell service. Paolo and Ilaria at breakfast are the best servers, and they will ease the pain of everything else that doesn't work. Essentially, the view from my 6th floor room was blocked, so too much for a room with a view. The hotel reminds me of a penitentiary or an old government building that badly needs an upgrade. If not for accessibility via tube and rail, I would definitely choose another Hilton property.",Date of stay: March 2018,4.0
873,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or875-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"great staff , great location ","The staff at this hotel are truly exceptional, from the check-in to waiters to concierge. coming in from a long haul flight our room was ready early. I highly recommend the tower suite it is fantasic. As a traveller from australia  the location was perfect - we caught the Heathrow Express 15 minutes non-stop to Paddington Station up the elevator and directly into the Hotel. I would highy recomend this hotel. The staff here made our london visit a pure pleasure. regards neil ",Date of stay: March 2018,5.0
874,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or875-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great location for a business hotel,"I stayed here in a business trip.  The hotel is ideally situated, directly adjoined to Paddington Station. The hotel is clean, it has great service, the food is good and the rooms are a good size - a rare thing in a London Hotel. I will definitely stay here again",Date of stay: March 2018,5.0
875,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or880-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Awfully convenient (emphasis on awful),"I have been an HHonors member for years.  Yet lately I have much hesitation in saying my default hotel selections, while finding myself on new ground, would be Hiltons if it were not for “the miles” so to speak.  Case in point was last Saturday night’s stay at the Hilton Paddington (which used to be the Great Western).  Two good things can be said about the Hilton Paddington: it is convenient to Heathrow, and it has a great cab stand to actually escape Paddington and go into town post haste.   Despite my better judgement I decided to upgrade to a “terrace” king.  Big, laughable mistake.  Just look at the attached pictures.  Gaze upon absolutely dysfunctional 99’s analog technology so poorly maintained as to make one wonder what hotel management company actually operates this…",Date of stay: March 2018,1.0
876,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or880-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Good Service as well as Convenient,I initially chose this hotel for convenience but would recommend it for service as well. The staff is friendly and helpful. The Tower rooms are extremely functional and comfortable. I have stayed many times and hope to do so again.,Date of stay: March 2018,5.0
877,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or880-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Nice breakfast time,"We were travelling with a one year old toddler and needed more assistance than general guests. But we had a nice and peaceful breakfast here with the kind and friendly help from Arjun the trainee and his colleagues! From serving tea to help in greeting and calming the young one, Arjun was always helpful.",Date of stay: March 2018,4.0
878,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or880-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Fabulous stay,"Our stay was fantastic. Lovely hotel, convenient to everything and the staff were so friendly and helpful.  The added bonus was being on top of Paddington Station. So easy to catch train and Heathrow Express. Would recommend this hotel and would not hesitate to book again when we are next in London ",Date of stay: March 2018,4.0
879,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or880-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Very good hotel,"I stayed for 6 nights, the overall stay was very good, spacious rooms, very good amenities , comfy bed and very warm and helpful staff. Breakfast is good, the location is splendid as it has access to paddington train and subway station. ",Date of stay: March 2018,4.0
880,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or885-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Good food, room and location! ","We stayed over three nights in this Hilton in Paddington Station. Very good breakfast, service, room, executive lounge and location!   Especially lounge which is situated on the ground floor and overlooks the Paddington railway station. Lounge service will help you a lot if you have family! 😉 👍  And so easy to go back to Heathrow, only 15 minutes! ",Date of stay: March 2018,4.0
881,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or885-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,So Convenient!,"Booked this last minute due to airline cancellations.  4-stars for convenience alone! Took the Heathrow Express direct in to Paddington and found my way upstairs to the hotel.    I was 'upgraded' to the Tower, which is a bit of a meander to get there, but no big deal.  Room was small but tidy - and quiet.    Bathroom is spacious and new. Lovely little treats upon arrival.    The Club Lounge is nice - solid breakfast with all of the fixin's and eggs made to order.  I will definitely stay here again!",Date of stay: March 2018,4.0
882,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or885-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,I only wanted a cup of tea! It should have been a full high tea for the price.,I simply couldn't believe that I had to pay £5 for a pot of tea with about a cup and a half in it whilst I waited for my train and did a bit of work. It has really put me off using this Hilton even though I travel through Paddington every week.,Date of stay: March 2018,1.0
883,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or885-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great stay in the tower section but rest of hotel is really dated,"Stayed at the Hilton Paddington for a night while on business in London and really enjoyed the great convenience of the location, the good service offered and my very nice room in the tower section. However, the hotel is in real need of updating overall. The Hilton Paddington is aptly named, as it is really at the Paddington train station. It is therefore almost impossible to beat this hotel in terms of convenience for those visiting by flights to Heathrow. The Heathrow Express terminates at Paddington and the underground connections at Paddington will get you virtually anywhere in London easily. The hotel itself is really split into two parts - the original dated part and the new tower part. I stayed in the tower part and have nothing but good things to say about my room and…",Date of stay: February 2018,4.0
884,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or885-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Perfect Location - Nice Hotel,"I’ve stayed here before and keep coming back. I love the convenience of Paddington Station for the Tube and Heathrow Express. I love to run in Hyde Park/Kensington Gardens and the Hotel is less than a mile away. Great pubs nearby around Sussex. The hotel is real is very nice with well appointed, large rooms. I will keep staying here until something changes, so don’t change a thing!",Date of stay: March 2018,4.0
885,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or890-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Relatively pricey but great service and rooms.,"Whilst they charge a premium for the convenience of the location (on top of Paddington station so fast access to Heathrow), you cannot fault the cheerful and smiling staff, their customer service and the rooms are decent with some a high standard. If you have the budget to stay in the GWR wing it is well worth it. The only suggestion I would make is about the food. It is quite adequate but has the potential with a bit of imagination to really lift the experience.",Date of stay: March 2018,4.0
886,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or890-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Top hotel in paddington,My favourite hotel in the area. Spotlessly clean and maintained. Staffs are courteous and always willing to help. Breakfast is immaculate and spoiled for choice. Will be my place of choice from now on.,Date of stay: March 2018,5.0
887,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or890-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Very very conveniently located with a few inconveniences,"Stayed for a full week. Its right adjacent to the Paddington station. If you travel to London and land at Heathrow, the Heathrow express will land you right at the its doorstep.  Location is amazing, apart from the Paddington station and underground right next to it, its 10-15 minutes  from literally 100s of places to eat and shop. Paddington station has a good collection of shops for almost everything you might need.  Breakfast is really good. In house dining and bar are quite decent as well  The hotel is somewhat old and some parts of it shows. Windows  are sometimes tricky to work with, room heater is either very cold or hot and such,  The most annoying bit is their Internet. It just kept disconnecting frequently. It will help if you remember the WIFI password as you will be…",Date of stay: March 2018,3.0
888,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or890-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Exactly What We Had Hoped,We were heading to London for 2 days after a trip to Florence.  We were looking for central location that allowed us to do a lot in the short time and get to airport quickly.  The Hilton Paddington worked out quite well.  One key item to this was the concierge team and door men on March 13th and 14th.  I wish I had written down their names.....They answered any questions he had provided directions and all other assistance.  Our room was comfortable and was just right for our needs.  The service we received was the reason for the Excellent rating.  Thank You Hilton team,Date of stay: March 2018,5.0
889,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or890-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Brasserie Restaurant Paddington Hilton,We booked at 7pm to have dinner before our train departed at 9pm. Arriving at the the door we realised we had obviously disturbed the Maitre d’ who stared at us as if we were aliens. Despite having booked he ungraciously indicated a table. Not a smile - no welcome! We decided to forego starters as time could be an issue but ordered bread and feta and olives. These took half an hour to arrive. The main courses - 2 surf and turf and 1 Nasi Goreng were proficiently cooked but did not arrive until 8.00 - an hour after ordering. ( there were only  8 other people in the restaurant). We ordered desserts which never arrived at all! Service was ungracious. A complaint led to the mandatory 10% service charge being removed. Hilton should be ashamed of the service in this restaurant. 1 and…,Date of stay: March 2018,2.0
890,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or895-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Warmest Hotel Ever!,"If you look at previous reviews you will see that others agree with us.  The room wasn't just warm it was hot,  We opened windows, turned the air on as cold as it would get for the entire day, but still with no relief.  Keep in mind, this was the middle of February.  It is a shame because the hotel has a great location and being attached to Paddington Station gives it many stores and restaurants nearby.  Also very convenient to Heathrow.  I would really like to stay here again, but I would need assurances that the heat issue was addressed.",Date of stay: February 2018,4.0
891,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or895-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Excellent,"Wonderful hotel with easy access to heathrow via the Heathrow Express. Hotel was lovely, clean, and the staff friendly. As a diamond, I was upgraded to a tower room. It was decorated in an Art Deco theme. The executive lounge on the 7th floor was very quiet and well presented. Definitely a Hilton I will revisit. ",Date of stay: March 2018,5.0
892,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or895-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Soulless, noisy, boring....a Hilton ","This hotel embodies the reason why despite being a HHonors Gold (via Amex) I rarely choose to stay in Hilton. The hotel is so bland and boring. The bar is bland, boring and soulless. The rooms are bland and cheap but clean and adequate. Staff hardly understand English and lack engagement or effort. At check in I asked for a quiet room..... was allocated one at the far end of hotel opposite a construction site where the crane was in operation midnight to 4.30am literally 10 ft from my window. I guess I might have got a marching band if I’d asked for a noisy room?  There was zero interest in HH status Ie free breakfast, potential room upgrade etc. Not that I actually cared but they were utterly disinterested/dismissive.  The one benefit and sole reason I stayed was it backs into…",Date of stay: March 2018,2.0
893,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or895-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Terrible. Avoid at all costs. Too hot to sleep,"I’m a diamond hhonors member and have stayed in countless Hilton’s in the uk and around the world. This hotel was so ridiculously hot. Walking through the corridor to my room felt like there was a fire the floor below. In my room wasn’t much better. The air con was on full speed on the coldest setting and was doing nothing but circulating the hot air. The windows didn’t open either. I was moved to a different room on a different floor but exactly the same problem. I had to take he duvet out and sleep with just the sheet. I dread to think what this hotel will be like in the summer. I really recommend you do not stay here if you want a good night sleep.   On top of this, the shower was held up by some masking tape and it could not be moved higher as the holding device was broken.…",Date of stay: March 2018,1.0
894,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or895-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,The Tower Suite is a Real Treat!,"I was having some Holiday in London and outside of London and had a one night opportunity to stay at the tower suite. It was interesting, fun, well delivered and exciting! In some ways, the multi level entry, stairwell, bedroom, and loft living room feels like a new discovery with each step-- very exciting as you walk your way up and through! As well there was an outside deck which in Spring Summer or Fall would have been lovely. I stayed during Winter, so it was a bit cool, but enjoyable nonetheless.   For a mostly perfect suite experience, the TV was weird, old and difficult to manage. Otherwise, this was a lovely experience and I'd gladly enjoy the space again. ",Date of stay: December 2017,5.0
895,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or900-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Serious problems,"The location of the hotel is great due to it's proximity to Paddington station, but there were serious problems with the room I was given. Besides the construction work going on on the sterrt outside my second floor room, the heating system was malfunctioning with the heat not being able to be turned down or off. The staff could not fix it and so eventually i was transferred to another room at 2:30AM. This was a terrible experience.",Date of stay: March 2018,1.0
896,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or900-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great location but ruined by small minded approach of staff ,Stayed here as part of company business conference.   Great location In Paddington very easy to get too.  Got there in the afternoon and had a great conference. Needed to met someone the next morning (who was also a guest). We got Starbucks (which is actually almost part of the hotel) and sat down for our meeting.   Within 5 minutes we were interrupted by staff and asked to move on which was interesting as we were paying guests   Ended up having to stand in the lobby all because we had dared buy a cup of Starbucks coffee for our meeting.   When I asked why we were being hassled out of the hotel I was told that I had to see the hotel point of view that I’d bought coffee from somewhere else.   Considering the cost of the cup of coffee versus the money already spent in hotel (rooms…,Date of stay: March 2018,1.0
897,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or900-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Not what I expected,"This is my first time I have stayed in a Hilton Hotel, and will be the last, certainly in my opinion not worth the hype. I was booked for a room with a street/city view and was given a view of the inner quadrangle. There was a brown water stain just inside the room door, and the wallpaper was coming away from the wall at one of the seams, Having said this I have to say that the staff were of a standard of a Hilton, friendly and knowledgable.",Date of stay: March 2018,2.0
898,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or900-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,A great stopping off place!,"I dragged myself out of bed at 4.00am in the morning, bleary eyed on a train from the north to London St P, for a customer meeting planned near Paddington for 10.00am. I'd be there in good time. Train in at 9.08am - perfect. Another meeting planned with a different team, same location at 2pm.  Half way through my train journey South, I received an email from our customer. They could not find a meeting room, meeting needed to be by Skype @ 10.00am.   Regroup! I bobbed into the Hilton at Paddington - the bar/lounge staff could not have been more helpful in supplying coffee (and sweet little confectionery), I couldn't lead the call due to background noise - but I could charge up my laptop and mobile, power points really help!  A great experience of this hotel, whilst I was floating…",Date of stay: March 2018,5.0
899,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or900-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Weekend break,"Stayed at Hilton Hotel Paddington and what a great experience it has been! I cannot compliment the staff enough , especially those who,served us at breakfast.We were treated like royalty ,nothing was too much trouble,the room we had was 257 which was spotlessly clean and very comfortable. I look forward to staying there again when next in London. Could  it ever be this good again? l hope so and thank you",Date of stay: March 2018,5.0
900,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or905-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Beautiful hotel, perfect for businessmen","The hotel, once belonging to the Great Western Railways and attached to Paddington Station, is luxury pure! After a friendly welcome word by the doorman you are dazzled by the foyer. Everybody is very friendly, every room is absolutely neat. The food is good with much variety. Unfortunately I could not try the fitnesd room. There are plenty of different conference rooms, perfect place for meetings and co. Interesting plus: the executive lounge with view to the life inside Paddington Station and free food and drinks, newspapers, television, etc all day long. The bedroom is big enough, bathroom with plenty of amenities, complimentary kettle with several teas, coffee and water, minibar, safe, ironing+board, in resumee everything one could need! Only drawback: you hear the noise…",Date of stay: March 2018,5.0
901,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or905-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Hmmmmm was this really the Hilton ?,"Booked in at the hilton Paddington in the midst of the storm (the beast from the east) and was checked in quite effortlessly after a long haul flight, however was given a room right at the back of beyond (really the last one at the end of many halls)   The room itself was spacious but lacked character especially from my experiences of staying at various Hiltons  Nobody really helps you lug your luggage (again whoa was I at the hilton ??) the concierge seem quite disinterested with the going ons  At most times only one elevator worked between three so there was always a wait for people hopping in and out  The shower didn’t quite work right in the room nor the air conditioning  Location wise the property is bang on Paddington station and you just walk out of the back door to the…",Date of stay: March 2018,2.0
902,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or905-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Really Disappointing ,"Turned up in the late afternoon to check in. Bit of a queue and had a short wait. Not really a problem. Given room 418. Quick change then out for a business dinner. Plenty of positives about the Paddington Hilton. Fantastic location with access from the station concourse using the escalator on the right. Bright lit hotel with a touch of style. Room 418 quiet and away from elevators and triple glazed so quiet by London standards. Great tube and mainline access giving you simple access from Heathrow airport to any part of London and the West Country. Loads of bars and restaurants in walking distance or short tube ride. So I had a great stay right ? Wrong.   For the  £232 a night I paid, without breakfast, I had no hot water, and I mean zero out of shower or sink tap. Really spoilt…",Date of stay: March 2018,2.0
903,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or905-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Handy location,"location is one of the best things going for this hotel. Direct access to Paddington station and the underground and the excellent Bakerloo line where I always got a seat and the trains run very regularly. There are good bus routes out the front too, although the traffic can be a challenge. My room was fine, smallish but well equipped with PowerPoints near the bed. I liked the tea making facilities. As a Hilton Honours member I had free wifi, breakfast and lounge access which saved a considerable amount. The main gripe I had was with hot water for the shower. I learned that you had to run the tap for ages and eventually it got a bit warm- not the best during the freezing cold weather. The staff, particularly the Brasserie staff at Breakfast, were attentive and friendly.",Date of stay: March 2018,4.0
904,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or905-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great Place to Stay,"The Hilton London Paddington is a lovely hotel that is very welcoming. Conveniently located at Paddington Station, it has great communication links to travel into and around central London.  The rooms are well proportioned, very clean with good amenities. My wife and I recently stayed there and thoroughly enjoyed our stay.  We will stay there again.",Date of stay: March 2018,4.0
905,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or910-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Home base - for a week of meetings,"Pros  - cannot beat the location. Did not realize there was a back entrance that got you right into Paddington Station (my boss showed me on 2nd day), very handy for the quick runs to Marks&Spencer simply food to stock up on fruit! - decent sized rooms given the location; and, - clean.  Cons - I had the heat set to the highest setting and was still cold. Not sure if this was because I was there during weather events Beast from the East and storm Emma. The room had a very high ceiling and a large window - so perhaps not the most energy effective window coupled with colder than usual weather for London was the reason for this.  ",Date of stay: March 2018,3.0
906,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or910-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Not so good anymore,"What can I say - this used to be my go-to hotel for all business trips to London. My last trip I realized I should start looking around more. While the GWR rooms are great the main part of the hotel seems to fall apart but by bit. Front desk service and Porter/ concierge is mediocre at best. Rooms are getting long in the tooth. Several days there was limited to no hot water in the shower (which a visit from maintenance confirmed was more common than they would like to admit). Plugs shorted out one night, requiring another visit to the front desk. Breakfast was ok, included but I went outside the hotel for something fresher and less tired. I am coming back in March but will try something different around the corner.",Date of stay: February 2018,2.0
907,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or910-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Tower rooms not worth the additional price,"First off, I have stayed at this hotel dozens of times in the last decade. It’s convenience cannot be beat. It is just an Heathrow Express ride away from the airport and can serve as a central London airport hotel.   Recently, I have shied away as the facilities and furniture were getting a little long in the teeth. Because I had a quick turnaround flight with meetings in the City, I decided to give the hotel another try.  When I began the booking process, I was surprised to see that they had opened up new “tower rooms” and were charging a premium for booking in this part of the hotel. So. I decided to see what these new rooms were all about. Big mistake.   There was nothing premium about them that I could see. No separate entrance, no dedicated staff, no special amenities.  In…",Date of stay: March 2018,3.0
908,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or910-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,luxury hotel adjacent tot he train station,"This is such a convenient hotel, adjoining paddington train station. We arrived in the evening and it took about 5 minutes to check in and get up to our rooms from the train. The room was comfortable, although there was not much of a view. The hotel staff were friendly and helpful and there are plenty of bars and restaurants in the vicinity.",Date of stay: February 2018,5.0
909,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or910-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Disinterested personnel,"Hilton hard product good as always. Large rooms and great transport options. Soft product failed to deliver. Wifi non-existent; after 7 calls to front desk someone finally answered telephone and said they were understaffed and that someone would call back. Never happened. On 8th call someone transferred me to the IT helpdesk who advised there were 5-6 rooms feeding off the same router so there was insufficient network to support. Unacceptable at a Hilton business property in central London. Front desk manager came to room and advised wifi was working in corridor. Great, but of little help to us in the room. Honestly, lack of interest and support in resolving the issue is what grated the most. Normally Hilton managerial staff are marvellous at problem solving; Paris La Defense…",Date of stay: February 2018,2.0
910,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or915-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Convenient as location but not good quality,"Breakfast - common English, nothing special, feels like cheap Very cold, freezing in the rooms, heating only by air conditioning - so very noisy reception - not helpful and quite condescend with customers Wi-fi vety slow Convenient as location and a charm of an old building good for meetings",Date of stay: February 2018,3.0
911,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or915-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Very poor. Worse than a Budget hotel ,"My room had broken heating when the outside temperature was below zero. I was given a portable heater but this simply couldn't cope and I ended up in bed before 8 simply to stay warm. No replacement room was available.  Room service was ordinary at best and the room itself was OK but no better.  The shower only ran hot water intermittently.  Overall, I'd expect to pay £80 for a room of this standard.  The hotel is extremely well located for Paddington Station but it is not worth the Hilton name, unless this is the new standard for Hilton... ",Date of stay: March 2018,2.0
912,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or915-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Average,"I have stayed here over the years and rated this hotel quite well,  it is definitely got aged.  Stayed at two other Hilton’s this trip which were up to standard.  On the plus side Great location and staff friendly and helpful but the hotel temperature was hot and the air conditioning did not cool rooms done, had to open the window.    Carpet in hallway was tired, and had a place marked with tape obviously not to walk because floor support not good.    Gym basic  Overall needs an upgrade. ",Date of stay: February 2018,2.0
913,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or915-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Excellent location, tired decor",Stayed here several times on business including this time.  It is absolutely the best location to and from airport and to do business in London.  That said the decor is tired and it is not up to Hilton standards.  I understand they are renovating but my room was not redone.  Service is efficient and solid but not overly friendly.  Decor is a 2 but the location is a 5 so overall a 3. ,Date of stay: February 2018,3.0
914,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or915-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Pleasant stay!,"This Hotel has access from Paddington train station which is convenient if you are travelling from Heathrow airport. Good location, friendly staff, spacious room and comfy bed. Breakfast well presented with good variety. I would return.",Date of stay: February 2018,5.0
915,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or920-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Hilton medium low,"I was in this hotel 1 year ago and in the first visit I attributed to it a 4 score mainly because the vicinity of the hotel to the Paddington station. This year, after  a 4 days stay,  I must say that the experience was less  pleasant than last year. The first night I couldn’t sleep because the room was overheated. The hotel sorely needs repairs . A small area of the moquette of the corridor in my floor was stitched with yellow tape. Overall I got  the impression that cleanliness was suboptimal. I was supposed to be allowed into the VIP room but this was closed 2 times out 3 when I went there.",Date of stay: February 2018,2.0
916,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or920-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Pleasant Overnight Stay,The hotel was chosen due to location as high tea had been booked elsewhere and timing was crucial after arriving by train. The hotel is easily located upon arrival at Paddington. We were able to check-in before the advertised time of 3pm to a lovely room in the GWR block. This is a separate block of rooms adjoining the hotel and I feel were worth paying a little extra for a more luxurious room. They are located just a little walk from the main hotel(but still within the hotel)  with their own lift and executive lounge. The separate lounge was where we had a nice breakfast the following day with helpful and friendly service. Our hotel room was well equipped with everything you would need for a city break though my only one little gripe would be for a double room to have two seats…,Date of stay: February 2018,4.0
917,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or920-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,At the end of the airport transit train,"This charming, historic hotel has been very well appointed by Hilton. You can access the hotel directly from Paddington station, which has the best links to Heathrow. The executive lounge overlooks the concourse, which is a nice touch. Really convenient for transport around town and not far from Hyde Park if you fancy a stroll. I rarely get competitive rates here compared to other Hiltons nearby, which shows it’s one of the better properties in their London portfolio. You will need to taxi/tube to the west end. ",Date of stay: February 2018,5.0
918,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or920-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Location but that's about it.,"This hotel is in an idea location, which is why we booked it.  We stayed one night after flying in and before taking a train to Oxford.  It really was convenient but didn't offer early check in for those us arriving on early flights.  The wait for an available room took hours and was miserable. This definitely feels like a hotel that is attached to the train station with the hustle bustle that entails.  The room was nice enough but not what you would necessarily expect from a Hilton stateside.  The best part of the hotel was its location to the train station and within walking distance to several good eateries.  I would recommend it simply for the location.  (Note: from the exterior on the street side, the hotel is fairly lovely.)",Date of stay: July 2017,3.0
919,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or920-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Ideally located for meetings,"This was a great hotel to organize a meeting where we had international attendees. The location is in Central London, close to good restaurants and many attractions and people were able to take a train from Heathrow and be at the hotel in less than 20 minutes. The meeting rooms were nice and the accommodation adequate with the usual amenities including tea, coffee, ironing table, etc provided. The fitness centre was quite small but adequate again since I seldom saw more than 2 or 3 people using it. Ideal hotel, especially for medium sized meetings.",Date of stay: February 2018,4.0
920,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or925-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Valentine's day special four course meal,Amazing food and hospitalilty. Thanks to the chefs for excellent food and presentation specially the deserts that made the Valentine' day special. Thanks for such lovely mocktails and warm hospitality. ,Date of stay: February 2018,5.0
921,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or925-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Terrible customer service and extremely noisy hotel,We’ve stayed at the Hilton Paddington three times and I’ve never previously reviewed it as it’s been a mediocre hotel with nothing special. But today I have post a review to prevent other people from booking this hotel. We booked three rooms for two nights and there were no issues with checking in although we did notice a party in one of the banquet halls downstairs.  We all went our rooms around 10pm to have an early night as we had a big day ahead of us. In our rooms it was noticeable how loud the music was playing and in one Room you could feel the vibrations through the floor. Even at midnight when the music was supposed to be turned off you could still hear the mucus faintly. So despite contacting the reception desk several times nothing was done. First they offered to move…,Date of stay: February 2018,1.0
922,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or925-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Convenient, comfortable and quiet","This is my third stay in the Paddington Hilton. Spacious rooms, very quiet. Early checkin has always been available. Easy access from Heathrow. One request - please add USB chargers on the bedside tables. ",Date of stay: February 2018,4.0
923,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or925-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Comfortable large hotel. Right next to the station,"I stayed here on a conference trip but was pleasantly surprised how comfortable it was. The rooms were a good size for London. The beds were comfortable with plenty of pillows and the room temperature was adjustable. Breakfast is a self-service buffet which included cooked, continental, cereals and porridge. It all looked good and the things I tried tasted fresh. The coffee was good and the staff serving were polite, pleasant and looked after people without getting in the way. Outside the hotel- it is right next to Paddington station so really easy access to the underground. There's a shopping street with cafes and a pub. The hotel has a gym which I didn't try, but a colleague told me it was too hot.",Date of stay: February 2018,5.0
924,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or925-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Rugby weekend,Visited this place first time since it has become Hilton. Very comfortable room but unable to Have a shower on Sunday morning as water was cold. Nice breakfast but having to queue for a table not good. Bar closed a little earlier than anticipated on Saturday night.,Date of stay: February 2018,4.0
925,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or930-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,London Hilton Paddington,Terrific staff and great location. You can get from Heathrow to hotel in 15 minutes and roll your bags into the hotel without ever having to step outside. The tube station is right downstairs and trains to the rest of the country right there in the train station. The location could not be more convenient and Hyde Park is five blocks away. Great hotel.,Date of stay: February 2018,5.0
926,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or930-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Rundown for the price,"I understand that I was paying almost $300 a night for the Heathrow Express proximity, but surprised how rundown my room (605) was.  The room was clean and the bed comfortable, but the bathroom a bit of a disaster and in need of a fresh coat of paint to cover the chips, cracks and mildew.    I tried to get a cup of decaffeinated coffee from both the restaurant and bar at just past 10:00PM and was told that they were both out of coffee.  The room had a kettle and instant coffee, but I was not that desperate for a cup and passed.   I did enjoy my breakfast the next morning in the Executive Lounge, while watching the trains come and go from the window above the station.",Date of stay: February 2018,3.0
927,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or930-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Good hotel but watch the pricing !,Stayed here after coming to London for a show. Last time we had a room above a weeding disco that went on until 3am but this time asked for a room high up and over the station which is very quiet. The main issue I have is the pricing. As a HHons member I purchased a room in the Hilton sale at 25% off normal price only to find in the weeks coming up to my stay ( no cancellation allowed) that prices on booking.com were 35% off and open to all. This meant someone who booked through booking.com got a breakfast or upgraded room cheaper than in the Hilton sale. I did contact the hotel prior to my stay and hoped they would address this but alas no nothing  So Hilton members need to shop around for the best price.,Date of stay: February 2018,4.0
928,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or930-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great Hotel in London,"great location. great service.  great food. great rooms.  This hotel is a great base for visiting London.  Access to LHR via the Express is a plus.  The rooms are spacious, for London. The hotel is quiet and the room service is very good.",Date of stay: January 2018,5.0
929,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or930-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,2 rooms to be awre of,"Booked into hotel Friday 2/2. Got room 110. street side, poor internet and on floor where events are scheduled. VERY noise.  Internet continued to drop. Had to go out in the hall to connect and once past the interior foyer of the room, connection would drop.  Changed to room 302.  iInterior room with no view, but quiet and internet worked well. ",Date of stay: February 2018,4.0
930,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or935-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Always stay here,"Fantastic hotel and so convenient from LHR Via the Heathrow Express.  Hotel is steps from the train.  Fantastic location and getting around Via the subway is great.   Only negative is the Tower rooms, it is like a mace to get to your room or even to the Tower elevators.  ",Date of stay: February 2018,5.0
931,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or935-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,EXCELLENT!!,Had a wonderful Saturday with my grandchildren and a friend. I had picked up a Wowcher for Afternoon Tea for 2 with prosecco @£25 which I thought was a steal. This is such a beautiful hotel.   The style at the entrance to the hotel is Art Deco. The tea was served in the bar area on a low table on each side of which was two big cosy sofas which helped to make to make it less formal for the children.  The staff (two young ladies) were excellent. They were warm and welcoming and very accommodating to my two grandsons aged 2 and 6 who couldn’t resist repeatedly going over to talk to them.   For the boys they served hot chocolate and warmed milk in high topped glasses which they drank with straws. We chose to pay a bit more and ordered extra sandwiches.  The whole experience was…,Date of stay: January 2018,5.0
932,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or935-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Excellent Location,"Stayed in London for work and because of my travel plans, wanted to be close to the Heathrow Express and underground. You can literally walk off the Express, up passed the shops into the hotel without leaving the station - very convenient but you don't feel the hustle and bustle in your room. Room was clean and comfortable, breakfast was great but my only two complaints were that my aircon would not get cold, only blowing hot air and that, in 2018, why must I pay £12 a night for wifi.",Date of stay: February 2018,4.0
933,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or935-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Work event,"Fantastic location for an event, just located at the station. So easy for everyone having to travel.  I didn’t stay there as it was far too expensive but it was great for the event Well situated Easy to find the conference room Good service from all staff Excellent food ",Date of stay: February 2018,5.0
934,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or935-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Unbelievably noisy!,"I usually stay at Novotel, when in London for business but it was full this time so booked the Hilton. First impressions were rather poor- the decor in the room was shabby and tired the bathroom smelt a little damp. I decided to eat in the hotel rather than heading out. Bit of a mistake! The menu was pretty uninspired and the butternut squash soup very bland. The filo pie was ok once I’d doused it in salt and pepper but nothing to get excited about. The real problem began at around 9pm when the most extraordinary banging and clattering began directly above me- it sounded like furniture was being moved and a drill was being operated! After calling reception for almost 15 minuted with no reply, I had to go downstairs to ask that I be moved. In fairness, the gentleman at reception…",Date of stay: February 2018,2.0
935,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or940-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel,"Nice hotel in an incredible location if you need to be near the train station. Very expensive to stay and the bar prices are very high. Small rooms, but very quiet and a decent temperature.  Staff very very helpful and nothing was too much trouble.",Date of stay: January 2018,4.0
936,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or940-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Didn't stay just had food. Worst experience in a long time. Never going back. ,My wife and I decided to eat before boarding the Heathrow express.  Worst decision ever. I should have realised when the table we sat at was poorly cleaned.  It was still tacky. We ordered two mains Fish and chips and a chicken curry. We also had two glasses of wine and a large bottle of sparkling water. Less than £50 you might say. When I got the bill I was shocked that the whole thing came to £70. You know that sick feeling you get when you feel that you have been ripped off well that's us. Never going back and given the options we had I would rather take a chance on the station itself or wait for Heathrow. Be warned. ,Date of stay: January 2018,1.0
937,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or940-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Fantabulas hotel.,This is a great hotel; the International chain of is a range of boutique hotels added to the big in recent years. It's perfectly situated for the tube network local pubs and restaurants as well. But the the staff is so good they personify all that is great in excellent service and putting the customers first. I have spent many nights in hotels across the world and I can say quite honestly that is hotel is real my first choice in London...,Date of stay: October 2017,5.0
938,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or940-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Woeful ,"Diamond member of Hilton. Check in lady couldn’t be bothered, too much like hard work. Asked if I could have an upgrade as a diamond member, she shrugged her shoulders and said you’ve got the best.. which of course isn’t true, I’m in a Tower room in the new part of the hotel.  The room is described on the internet as “bright and airy” what it should read is.. “cell block h with a small window” However it’s quite new, which is the only redeeming quality. You have to take 2 elevators to get to the room, and navigate down corridors.  Tried to use the restaurant, ended up walking out as they couldn’t even be bothered to set a table. My friends were coming by tube and I wanted to be able to see them arrive.   Seriously a bad hotel, staff just can’t be bothered. Only two exceptions,…",Date of stay: January 2018,2.0
939,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or940-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Nice hotel, great location","Good rooms, good service, but expensive for what is otherwise a pretty basic hotel in a great location beside Paddington - excellent for travelling around London and South East of England. Rooms well serviced and food was reasonable. Friendly staff and efficient service on front desk.",Date of stay: January 2018,4.0
940,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or945-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great location,Between the underground and the trainstation the Hilton Paddington overs a central location too explore London. The hotel is Some wath dated but overs the Hilton service and standard. The rooms are complete and you won’t have any noise from the transportation nearby.,Date of stay: January 2018,4.0
941,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or945-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Probably one of the most convenient places in London,"This hotel was of great value to us.  Being located in Paddington, you get covered access to the Underground and the Heathrow Express. This means that you are literally 15 minutes away from London airport to your hotel, in a 5 star train that makes it both very comfortable and inexpensive way to get yourself to and from the London Airport.   Being in the Station, you also have access to the Underground, and can be literally in 5-10 minutes at any of the most important places around Central London.  The hotel has all the usual Hilton perks, like upgrades to Hilton Honors members, Executive Club lounge with one of the best Hors d'ouvre that we have seen within many Hilton hotels.  Rooms are nice and comfortable, no need to ask for extra-amenities as they stock your room with…",Date of stay: January 2018,5.0
942,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or945-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Very nice Filipino staff at Lounge,"The Filipino lady staff at Lounge (2018/01/10-12 in the morning) is very nice, when she know my daughter is not feeling well, she comforts her and gives her lemon/ginger tea with honey to drink.  The staffs of Concierge are also very helpful.",Date of stay: January 2018,4.0
943,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or945-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Great location, beautiful art deco hotel","I have stayed at the Paddington several times and always liked it.  We thought that the Heathrow Express would be working when we arrived on Christmas Day but it was not, so we had to take a taxi. Otherwise the hotel is perfect for getting right from the airport to the hotel if you don’t have a lot of luggage. Christmas Day and Boxing Day (December 26) presented transportation problems, as much was closed and the stores were very crowded. There were problems with the underground trains (Tube) so many lines were shut down. The hotel concierge helped us to get taxis and with other arrangements.  The hotel is an old style, beautiful, art deco era building, convenient to transportation generally and in a good area. We were in room 306 which is large enough to add a day bed in an…",Date of stay: December 2017,4.0
944,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or945-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Perfect Location for US Travelers visiting London,The Hilton Paddington London located directly above Paddington Railroad Station is simply a perfect location to stay; especially if flying into Heathrow Airport. Once you arrive at London Heathrow airport you take the 20 minute one stop Heathrow Express overground train directly to Paddington Station. It costs roughly 40 bucks round trip. Great deal. Very convent to buy tickets at airport and once you arrive hotel is simply above Station. You don’t even need to go outside.  The underground trains to London are right there as well as over grouped trains if your visiting locations outside of London. Plenty of restaurants and shopping within Blitz cos of hotel. Short walk to other Prime locations and a simple tube ride to anywhere in central London.  The hotel is very comfortable…,Date of stay: January 2018,5.0
945,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or950-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,A Convenient Travelers Hotel,"Hotel that hasn’t forgotten it’s primary function. To greet a weary travelller, give them a warm, comfortable bed and good food (breakfast is extra but worth it) in a clean room and send them on their way refreshed with the minimum of fuss.",Date of stay: January 2018,5.0
946,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or950-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Nice hotel, great location","This hotel is located right into the paddington train station.  You can take the Heathrow express and walk 100 meters and you’re at the hotel. There’s an executive lounge that we didn’t use, but seemed decent. We had our free breakfast ( diamond) at the restaurant and that was ok, it’s just took forever if you ordered items.  The rooms were perfect for what we needed, big enough, good size bathroom. All in all, it’s a good hotel for the price. ",Date of stay: January 2018,4.0
947,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or950-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Most convenient hotel for those traveling to Heathrow. It is at Paddington Station and Heathrow Express,"I use this hotel almost every time I travel to the UK. As I usually have a morning flight to the US from Heathrow, I travel the previous day or several days before, depending on my itinerary, and stay here. When leaving for Heathrow it is a simple matter to walk into Paddington Station , board the Heathrow Express and 15 minutes later you are at the Airport. It is quick and stress free. The hotel is quiet with pleasant rooms so you have a good nights sleep before travel. I have not used the restaurant but the bar is good. It is right next to the Bakerloo and District and Circle Lines and from 2019 it will be right next to the Elizabeth Line. So it is remarkably easy to get to anywhere in London.",Date of stay: January 2018,5.0
948,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or950-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Christmas time in London,"We had a double-executive room which was quiet, clean, well-designed with pretty recent renovations and gave us room to spread out our belongings and relax after long days of Christmas shopping, good food and many concerts. The hotel is directly attached to Paddington Rail Station as well as by tunnels to the Paddington Underground Stations.  This provided easy, affordable and speedy transportation around the London area.   The staff were very polite and helpful with suggestions for meals, shopping, and local traditions.",Date of stay: December 2017,4.0
949,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or950-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Family Room was Great,"Plenty of room and great facilities.  If you are a Hilton member the executive lounge was great with a view within Paddington Station, breakfast, and evening snacks and drinks!  Easy in and out to the tube and the hotel has direct access to  Paddington Station and the Heathow Express with short trip to airport.  I would stay here again without doubt!",Date of stay: January 2018,5.0
950,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or955-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Convenient, but go for the tower rooms","This was my second stay at the London Hilton Paddington, and I'm now a convert. From the moment I approached the deck to check in, to the moment I checked out, all interactions were so warm and pleasant. In particular, the receptionist who checked me in (pity I didn't get his name, nor see him again) made me feel very valued.  The room I had was in the tower section of the hotel, and was very comfortable. On entering the room, the enormous bathroom was on the right, and cupboards on the left, with enough space to hold my large suitcase. The bed and desk were located down a few steps, and the windows in the room opened upon the glass roof over Paddington station, which allowed to watch the snow fall, and then settle.  The bed was comfortable, with great sheets and a warm cover.…",Date of stay: December 2017,4.0
951,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or955-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Excellent location,"I have been staying here regularly for 3 months. The rooms are clean and comfortable, breakfast is good too. The service in the cocktail bar is exemplary albeit the concept seems in need of a rethink. It is the best hotel in the area, ",Date of stay: January 2018,5.0
952,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or955-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Very Convenient for Heathrow Express!,"This was a lovely hotel. Very large room with a comfortable bed, plenty of pillows, soft sheets and towels. The shower had good water pressure but it occasionally shift temperatures so I got mildly scalded a few times. It made the shower adventurous, having to be ready to dodge out of the water when the temp changed. (This really wasn’t a big deal.) The real convenience of this hotel is hat it has its own entrance to Paddington Train Station, the station where the Heathrow Express Train departs to the airport. If you have an early flight or just don’t want to deal with the hassle of getting to Paddington from another part of London it would be worth staying here your last night in London. I’d of given 5 stars but the room was musty and had a mild mildewy smell. Since the air…",Date of stay: January 2018,4.0
953,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or955-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Convenient and comfy ,"Lovely big building in a great location just a few hundred metres from Paddington tube station.  Very comfy, large rooms with everything you need and fabulous shower.  Lots of pubs/bars and restaurants near by.  ",Date of stay: December 2017,5.0
954,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or955-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great new GWR Tower,"This hotel is well located at the Paddington Station - we have stayed there before but this time we were at the GWR Tower.  The rooms were new and the bathrooms well equipped with separate shower, tub and separate toilet area.  There is a new Executive Lounge in the GWR Tower which was great for breakfast, afternoon tea, and evening snacks",Date of stay: January 2018,5.0
955,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or960-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Theft Alert,"Theft Alert – Despite having the Do Not Disturb sign on, hotel staff entered my room while away – went through my luggage and stole a jewellery from a travel case. I reported the incident and they were fast to identify that 2-3 access cards have been used to enter my room but refused to reveal the names asking me to allow them to proceed with an internal investigation. This incident happened on December 13th and since then I repeatedly requested a status on this internal investigation – yet Hilton failed to respond.  I am a Gold Member that stayed at this hotel numerous times during my business travels given its convenient location and never expected such incident and extremely poor and unprofessional handling of it. I advise everyone that considers this hotel to reconsider or…",Date of stay: December 2017,1.0
956,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or960-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great hotel unless your vegan or vegetarian,"All good, great location. Great staff. If your vegan or vegetarian don't bother with breakfast. They have zero options. There was only fruit and toast. All meat bacon eggs sausages and cheese. But great location",Date of stay: December 2017,4.0
957,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or960-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Access to Hotel is in Paddington Station! ,"We stayed here on a 2 night break and loved it. We got on the train at the airport and travelled to Paddington Station, when getting off the train we actually realised that we could access the hotel without leaving the station! We stayed in the tower rooms and we were very happy with our room. Bright, spotless, size very good and layout great. The bathroom size was amazing compared to some city centre hotels. Bed was very comfortable too. We had breakfast in the tower lounge on both mornings and it too was very good. The hotel's location is simply fantastic if you like to move around a lot on the underground wanting to see as much as possible during your stay. We also loved the fact that we had 2 mini markets, cafes ect feet away from hotel door. Will definitely stay again. ",Date of stay: January 2018,5.0
958,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or960-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Convenient location,"I chose this hotel mainly for the location.  We visited London during the winter time and I wanted to stay in a place easy to get to from the airport and close to the underground metro.   I read the review in advance so I booked the tower room that was newly remodeled.   We  could definitely feel the hallways was brighter in the tower room area.  It is like a new hotel in an old hotel.  The tower room was good and everything worked.  The house keeping did a good job cleaning our room every day. I am a Hilton gold member, so we got 2 breakfast included in the main restaurant every morning.  Sometimes the service was good when there was less people.  Sometimes the restaurant got very busy and you could see the waiters got overwhelmed and the customers didn't get too much services.…",Date of stay: December 2017,5.0
959,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or960-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Superb location,"I have not stayed here but have held meetings recently, and used the lobby bar etc.  The hotel is superbly located right in front of Paddington station so great for Heathrow and onward tube travel to Central London.  The hotel has a traditional feel, in keeping with the GWR heritage.  Lots of panelling etc.  Meeting rooms are well located.  Usual Hilton service.  A good base for business or a London visit.",Date of stay: January 2018,3.0
960,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or965-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,This the one and only Hilton which was below my expectations,"I’m one of the Hilton membership, I always choose Hilton for accommodation but this time I feel disappointed the room wasn’t clean I stayed 9 night every day i come to the room i have a comment ( no towels, room not clean yet , bathroom didn’t clean,.....) and when I called reception or the room service no one answer , the electricity some days switched off!!! The master kye not working , and the bed wasn’t comfortable. The best thing was the hotel location    ",Date of stay: December 2017,1.0
961,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or965-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Pleasant stay!,"I recently completed a weekend stay at the Hilton Paddington and had another great experience! From check-in to check-out, the staff were courteous and helpful. I arrived very early on the day of check-in (07:00), and the staff were able to find a room for me which was most appreciated. The hotel is in a great location for public transport and the Heathrow Express train within Paddington Station- you never have to go outside to get to the Tube or Express Train! There are also two grocery stores and several cafes and bars just steps away from the hotel's doors. Highly recommended!",Date of stay: December 2017,5.0
962,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or965-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,London Paddington Hilton,"This is an old building, formerly the Great Western (Railway) Hotel, sensitively modernised and extended. Arriving at Paddington Station, e.g. by Heathrow Express, the hotel is directly accessible from the station concourse, a great convenience.  All the guest rooms are well appointed and comfortable. The Tower rooms, though more expensive, are particularly pleasant to be in, for their Art Deco design throughout. Finally, if your knees are up to it, use the stairs in this hotel. The staircases are wide and elegant, richly carpeted, with magnificent wood panelling and banisters. A pleasure to climb! (Of course, the lifts work too).",Date of stay: December 2017,4.0
963,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or965-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Mackay,The Hilton is a great hotel staff are very friendly the room are clean and have plently of room The bed were comfortable. It was a bit expensive but we were on holiday so we did not mind I would definately go back if I was in London again,Date of stay: October 2017,5.0
964,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or965-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,nice accommodation,The location was good because is near the underground station.Nice and clean rooms.The stuff was friendly.The breakfast was excellent.The hotel is old but it's cool . but The only thing we didn't like was the price of the products they sell.t was 11 in the night and we hadn't buy a bottle of water from a supermarket and everything was closed so we bought one from the hotel which costed 5 pounds which is really expensive for a bottle of water.,Date of stay: December 2017,4.0
965,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or970-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Lovely hotel and location. Staff are friendly and helpful.  The hotel itself is classy and stylish yet traditional.,Enjoyed every moment of our short stay. The room was located at the back of the hotel which was ideal as we both slept well and uninterrupted.    The bathroom was clean and shower was powerful.  Mini bar was full and had a few options to choose from.  Tv was clear and had a few channels to switch between.  We watched a movie 🍿  Newspapers in the room ✅ Towels were a plenty ✅ And temperature was spot on ✅  Only thing missing was the sea view! ;) ,Date of stay: December 2017,5.0
966,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or970-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great Hotel,"I'm a big fan of Hilton Hotels because they're always clean & comfortable beds.  The Hilton London Paddington was very expensive (we are Canadian) but its worth it.  Just pay the extra and stay here.....so comfortable, connected with Paddington Station which in turn gives you direct access to the Heathrow Express to the airport.  We stayed at Hilton Paddington for the last week of our 3 weeks stay in Europe.  Once we walked into the spotless - fresh room, we felt at home....completely safe and protected by the great staff at the Hilton.  We were lucky that our room was also serviced by the Free Executive Lounge - at first I didn't think we would use the Lounge as we're always on the go but we did use it and really enjoyed going there each evening for a cold soda.",Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
967,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or970-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great location and comfortable,Hotel really comfortable and when the concierge at the door stops you to remove a piece of fluff from your hat you realise they are attentive and caring . Rooms are very comfortable and the beds are like home . Hotel is warm and superb ambiance . Brilliantly positioned for Oxford Street . Edge ware Road underground is 50 metres so you are in central London in 2 minutes.  Paddington 5 minutes . Cannot say more. Cheers,Date of stay: December 2017,4.0
968,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or970-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Hotel pleasant. Coffee a ripoff,Stayed overnight because has excellent access to Heathrow express. Grabbed 2 coffees and a hot chocolate on our way out   Unbelievably £17.82. RIP-OFF  Room was okay. Very unimpressed  with this. Don’t use their restaurant.  ,Date of stay: December 2017,5.0
969,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or970-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Excellent Hilton,"The Paddington Hilton is excellently situated in in the railway station with easy access to the city. Its reasonably priced for a 5 star hotel, with really friendly and helpful staff. All in all a great experience.",Date of stay: December 2017,5.0
970,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or975-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Convenient for Heathrow bound passengers,"The hotel is very well situated in the center of London. It is part of Paddington station so if you are arriving from or leaving for London Heathrow it is probably the most convenient hotel, especially for early morning flights. The hotel is an excellent remodel of an older hotel and it has retained some of the atmosphere of the former building. Rooms appear to be standard Hilton quality with all the comfort and amenities needed. We have stayed here a number of times. The views are not good, but on the most recent occasion I had room 414 which had a good view of the rooftops of the station- not bad as you could see the hustle and bustle of the station!",Date of stay: November 2017,4.0
971,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or975-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,ROOM GOT ROBBED!!! MANAGEMENT DID NOTHING!,"Several valuable items in my room were stolen. Management did not make a decent effort to help me get my valuables back. They told me to file a police report, which i did. I was never reimbursed for the stolen goods. I have been staying at Hilton Hotels for over a decade and will definitely not be returning to this hotel. Avoid this hotel at all costs!!",Date of stay: July 2017,1.0
972,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or975-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Good located hotel,A little bit old fashioned hotel but well maintained. Location is ideal when travelling from heathrow. In the lounge you have spectacular view on paddington station. Very vriendly staff. Breakfast is better taken in main restaurant than in lounge as the choice is bigger.,Date of stay: December 2017,4.0
973,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or975-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Fantastic hotel in a great location,"We stayed at this hotel twice on a recent trip to the UK.  The first visit was upon arrival from an overnight flight, and the second after running all over the country for a week.   What a welcome place of sanctuary at both ends of this busy trip.  This hotel has rooms that are like tombs - absolutely no light and very little sound enters your space.  There's a fantastic restaurant in the lobby, a Starbucks attached to the lobby, and a small mall with a pub, a few quick-eats restaurants, and a grocery store attached to the back of the hotel.  Additionally, you are within 50 ft. of both Paddington station and Paddington Tube station - putting you 20 minutes from Heathrow or nearly anywhere else in London.  A really top shelf location and a GREAT hotel.  Hilton properties rarely…",Date of stay: November 2017,5.0
974,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or975-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Christmas party night !!,"Stayed in hotel the night before my meeting in order to be fully rested , not a hope with a Christmas party in full swing on the 1st floor, I was on the 3rd floor. I rang reception and she said she would ask them to turn down the music and keep the doors closed - not a bit realistic. Reception apologised and said that my call had been registered with management , this is not good enough, it is a business hotel . Very disappointing as I try to stay in Hilton hotels and I generally find them excellent. The food was good.",Date of stay: December 2017,3.0
975,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or980-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Malcolm,"We stayed in this hotel on 2 previous occasions, we liked the location because of the direct access to Heathrow and we were happy with the general standard of the hotel. This time round I felt that the general standards in the hotel had dropped, which is disappointing as we enjoyed staying there.",Date of stay: April 2017,1.0
976,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or980-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,A Hilton Hotel Never To Return,"Be warned.  I have been a loyal Hilton member for over 15 years and staying with this hotel brand throughout the world.  This is the first and only Hilton hotel I vowed never to return.  It is that bad.  Besides having an excellent location, this hotel has fallen short of almost every single promise I have come to know of the Hilton brand in these last 15 years",Date of stay: December 2017,1.0
977,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or980-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Constant external roaring noise,"Room 329, AVOID.  Constant external noise of what sounds like air conditioning. Lying in bed listening to the radio to try and drown out the noise.   TV system is awful, barely watchable. Bring your own entertainment.  Complete let down by Hilton ",Date of stay: December 2017,1.0
978,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or980-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Very upsetting,"Every thing food wise was excellent but beds very uncomfortable,billing was a disaster staff at reception were very helpful but ignorant to simple math , restaurant staff were excellent as well as executive lounge staff ,room was very clean",Date of stay: December 2017,4.0
979,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or980-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Excellent location great product ,"A hotel that I have know for many years and never stayed. On Friday December 8 decided to take a mileage run to London and selected this hotel arrived at around 1:30 pm my room was not ready waited about an hour and got a room.   Well put together, with the topical European charm, clean and very well kept.   Next to the main train station of Paddington and easy access to the Heathrow Express.   Suggest to try if you are on a quick or long holiday. ",Date of stay: December 2017,4.0
980,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or985-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Very disappointed,"Letter sent to hilton but no reply   On 02.12.17 I stayed at the Hilton London Paddington hotel for 1 night in room 602. Upon arriving at the hotel I was told that there had been a mix up with the bookings but not to worry as I was being upgraded to executive suite – however that this room was not actually suppose to be in use at the moment due to some building works that were happening on the balcony.  The room was unsafe and not suitable for a family with a toddler as you could still access the balcony. However, the main problem, which we discovered after returning to the room that evening, was the room did not have heating.  When I informed reception at 11pm I was told to put the key card in the slot, but there was no slot in the room. I was then asked if the radiators felt…",Date of stay: December 2017,1.0
981,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or985-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Decent Business style hotel next to paddington station,"Good value for money. Rooms were decent sized. Within a just a minute walk from paddington station, ideal if you need to travel to Heathrow or do some shopping around oxford street. Overall good experience, nothing to criticise about",Date of stay: January 2017,5.0
982,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or985-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Good location, rooms a little tired",Stayed here solely for the location - right on top of Paddington station and I was on a fly in fly out business trip from Heathrow.   Good breakfast.  Conference facilities adequate - some problems with basic things such as getting a laptop to project onto a video screen.   Rooms functional but a bit tired.,Date of stay: September 2017,3.0
983,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or985-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Unacceptable in the modern day,"When a business traveller arrives late, he or she wants to relax and then sleep well. Both were denied to me at this hotel. I won’t be staying here again unless changes are made.  Forced to stay two nights for business and couldn’t wait to leave. The staff and lobby are fine, and the room looked ok, if dated decor, but two fundamentals make it unacceptable:  First the air conditioning in the room is ineffective but still noisy. Consequently the room is hot and stuffy. I could open the window but in London, above Paddington station, that simply added noise and pollution. Even with the window shut. I could already hear the station air conditioning systems thrumming away outside. Hence I am awake writing this at 4:30am.  Second, the TV picture and service looks like a reject from…",Date of stay: December 2017,2.0
984,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or985-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Great location, decent stay","The property is well maintained and is at the right spot in London. Direct access to hotel from tube and the rail network (Paddington station). No need to even go out on the road. You enter the hotel right from the station! How cool is that?! It is so convenient to take the Heathrow express directly to Paddington station and enter the hotel directly from there with you luggage.   The room are neat and clean. Amenities are fine too. They have a water heater to make your tea or coffee and a mini bar. I had a good view of front road from my room.   The sad part is that the gym is pretty lacklustre. Not enough weights or space to work-out properly.   The staff is very helpful and accommodating. The hotel bar is nice too! It is walking distance from key spots including Hyde Park,…",Date of stay: December 2017,4.0
985,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or990-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Good Location, Comfortable Art Deco hotel","We arrived at the hotel ahead of check-in but were invited to use the Executive Lounge whilst our room was prepared. May, the lady running the lounge was charming and most welcoming.   We stayed in an executive room on the first floor: a good size, clean room with a very comfortable bed, easy chairs and desk. The bathroom was well equipped, with separate tub and walk-in shower.  The only real niggle with the bathroom was the excessive length of time it took for the water to run hot. Once it was hot, the shower was very nice!  We ate breakfast in the Executive Lounge, which did become very crowded indeed (same went for cocktail hour). Food in the lounge was average but the view over the station concourse compensated somewhat by affording a great people-watching opportunity!  …",Date of stay: December 2017,4.0
986,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or990-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Awesome Hotel and Location,"Great hotel with friendly staff.  Location was perfect.  Quick 20min train ride from Heathrow to Paddington Statin.  Hotel is connected to Paddington station.  Walking distance to great food, shopping and of course access to train and tube station.  Great value!",Date of stay: December 2017,5.0
987,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or990-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Room 237 - Bataan Death March down long hallways and unexpected stairs to reach it- stay elsewhere,"Thankfully only had to stay here one night - prime and only benefit is the quick access to the Heathrow Express train that is downstairs below the hotel, plus the Tube station that provides access to many lines.     For $400 a night got a shopworn room that was a long, long, did I say long walk, plus several sets of stairs from the lobby, a view of the train station roof, dated decor, and a decaying, poorly maintained bathroom, plus room that was not what we booked - a double w two beds, and arrived to find only one bed.   Housekeeping came eventually to split the bed into twins.  This room was an ""upgrade"" since I am Hilton Honors Gold level.  Can only fear what room we might have been given without Gold Status.  Room 237 is a 10 minute walk from the lobby so if you are…",Date of stay: November 2017,2.0
988,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or990-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Disaster in front desk, noisy and cold rooms","Everything would be OKish should we be talking about a 50€/night stay, but well above 200 with breakfast, this place is a shame. Bed was really comfortable and that's the end of the good. I checked in online, only to need to queue again (twice) on arrival. There were only two trainees there when I arrived, no senior staff, and they could not manage. I needed to wait, leave and then come back hours later to properly check in, they did not seem to care at all. Besides that, room was terribly cold, even if you switched the heating to MAX, but then noise was unbearable. At least it covered the many different noises, buzzes, beeeeeps, alarms... coming from the alley leading to the station all night through, which were not filtered by the windows at all. Catering for lunch and dinner…",Date of stay: November 2017,2.0
989,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or990-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Just a really comfortable stay,"Stayed here on business trip for one night. Location was good for me, but if you are on vacation you can be more central than this at the same price. Check-in - excellent, Militsa took time to track down my Hiton membership number and gave me a room away from a wedding party in case there was any noise - both were much appreciated. Room: space, good size double bed, nice desk and chair.  Clean, warm, sound-proofing is good.  I used wi-fi for ordinary browsing and emails and had no problems.  Bathroom clean and room to turn around without brushing the walls. Room service: ordered a club sandwich, arrived within 30 minutes, £15, reasonable value, I was happy. Facilities to make tea in the room and decent teabags supplied. I counted six plugs so plenty of scope for recharging…",Date of stay: December 2017,4.0
990,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or995-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"epitome of average - never for vacation, required business only","-- PRO: location is very convenient if you use the tube and the Heathrow Express train, since the hotel is literally in Paddington train station -- NEUTRAL: average rooms, okay but bit dated; bar is average too -- CON: weak and impersonal customer service; overpriced for what you get  Right now, Sat Dec 2, there's a Christmas party that is probably a corporate event. I won't begrudge someone else's Holiday party but the bass has been booming continuously from the 2nd floor from 5:30PM to midnight. I'm on the 4th floor and can't bear to imagine what it sounds like for the people staying on the 3rd floor right above it. Upon my return from dinner and a show, I asked the front desk how long it would last and reiterated that I'm here on business. The staff were unapologetic, refused…",Date of stay: December 2017,3.0
991,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or995-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Wrap up warm,"Considering another London Hilton I had stayed at before, this one at Paddington station was actually very good. Staff were very friendly and willing to help, breakfast buffet was also a nice surprise and the location adjacent to Paddington railway station is a huge plus if you fly into Heathrow. The only downside for me was the room temperature. Even with air con set for the highest temperature I felt cold. There were no radiators in the room and single-glazed windows didn’t make it any better so be prepared especially in the winter. ",Date of stay: December 2017,4.0
992,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or995-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Mixed review,"Based on two different night stays, we have a mixed review of Hilton Paddington. The location itself is perfect. We were coming in on Heathrow Express and left the same way. Convenience second to none! First night we absolutely could NOT get the room cool enough to sleep. Like being in a sauna, despite even opening the windows. Second stay was much improved different room and much more comfortable.  Executive lounge was good. Restaurant just okay.",Date of stay: November 2017,4.0
993,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or995-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Invisible customer!,"Was in London last week--catching train out early evening and wanted something to eat. Having checked out the catering on offer on Paddington station i gave up in despair and thought about the the Hilton. Having found a table in the lounge area where people were eating i sat down and waited-and waited-and waited-and waited for one of the staff to bother to come over to take my order. The place was less than busy, several guys waiting tables plus a suit (manager?) After 15 minutes waiting I gave up and left...what a shambles!",Date of stay: November 2017,1.0
994,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or995-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,The Brasserie is excellent.....,"The food, service and surroundings won't disappoint - will definitely return. Very well managed and very clean. Paddington Underground station is directly opposite so getting there couldn't be easier. ",Date of stay: November 2017,5.0
995,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1000-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Wonderful ,A beautiful Art Deco hotel with really lovely public areas and well appointed rooms. The lift doors are just stunning and there are many examples of Deco furnishings and style. It is well worth paying extra for an Executive room or suite as this gives access to the executive lounge overlooking the station concourse and serving very good complimentary  refreshments throughout the day including a very good breakfast. Unqualified recommendation.,Date of stay: November 2017,5.0
996,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1000-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,A great location - comfortable room!,"This was our second extended stay at the Hilton London Paddington.   During our first stay, we had been provided with a nice large room. This time, we were first offered a smaller room which we passed on. The second room we were offered was slightly larger but not as big as the room we had stayed in previously. This was quite perplexing as this time, we were paying substantially more for our room. Check-in was slower and more drawn out than we had previously experienced. We were not offered assistance with our luggage from reception to our room which was surprising. The room which we eventually settle on was on an upper floor with windows opening out on to Praed Street. With St. Mary's Hospital located just along the road, there was often the noise of ambulance sirens to contend…",Date of stay: July 2017,4.0
997,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1000-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,TIRED,Unfortunately I cannot give avery good rating due to the fact we didn't get any sleep because of building work going on all night outside our room.  Didn't report it as we assumed it would stop at 12 midnight which it didn't and by this time we were so tired couldn't be bothered to repack and move. Disappointed that the staff didn't notify us about this problem when we checked in,Date of stay: November 2017,3.0
998,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1000-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Health and safety ,You are doing scaffolding works 5 stories above street level. Why aren't you protecting pedestrians with some kind of net to protect them from falling objects from the scaffolding. I would recommend doing this immediately before somebody gets killed ,Date of stay: November 2017,1.0
999,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1000-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Surprisingly good value room ,"An outstanding room in a new extension of the Hilton hotel, Paddington. Walked a few corridors to find the room but it was sumptuous. Not what was expected. Clean, stylish, spacious, great bathroom. If all Hilton’s were like it I’d stay more often. ",Date of stay: November 2017,4.0
1000,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1005-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Good hotel location for business,"Stayed for 4 nights in November 2017 - friendly and helpful staff. Rooms starting to look a little tired, but clean and tidy. Good location for meetings in and around London and situated next to Paddington Rail and Underground stations for easy travel access.",Date of stay: November 2017,4.0
1001,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1005-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Ticks all the boxes!,"My wife and I had arranged a night out at a concert in London and needed.a place to stay near Paddington so we could return to Bath early the as we had someone looking after our children.  This is perfect.  A very reasonable price; friendly, helpful staff; extremely clean and well decorated room.  Everything we needed.  Could have left the hotel will 5 minutes and still got the train.  Excellent.",Date of stay: November 2017,5.0
1002,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1005-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Paddington Hilton,"We needed a hotel close to Paddington station - and this place met that need very well.  However the hotel looks stuck trying to be a high quality hotel in some areas but not quite meeting the mark in other areas.  Rooms are very nice and spacious. And quiet in case you wonder re noise close to the train station  However, front entrance is dirty and has smokers scattered around the entrance which makes arrival through cigarette haze unpleasant.  Reception service is ok - but only ok - and they seem a little short staffed. Concierge service staff were a mix of helpful and abrupt. Cleaning staff woke us accidentally early this morning looking to clean our room several hours before check out.  Upstairs conference area was very crowded with difficulty accessing bathrooms through the…",Date of stay: November 2017,3.0
1003,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1005-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Convenient as a stopover for LHR,"With the Heathrow Express at Paddington Station this hotel is an ideal option to one of the generic LHR airport hotels.  You can have a few hours in London, have a better choice of restaurants, and get to the airport in 15 mins!  Well appointed hotel with well appointed rooms in Art Deco style.  If you are a Hilton Honors Gold or above, access to a good Executive Lounge that overlooks the platforms of Paddington station.",Date of stay: November 2017,4.0
1004,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1005-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,What a nice surprise,"I stayed at this hotel several years ago now and left with the thought that I would not be rushing back as it was very average and its Hilton Honors recognition was non existent.  So when I had a need to be in this area of London last minute and I redeemed some points for 1 night it was with low expectation.  What I can say however is the stay was excellent on pretty much all levels.  The checkin process at the Executive lounge entrance was quick and they upgraded me to a Junior Suite, upon inspection however I decided that as it was on the First Floor it was not ideal as I am a light sleeper and could hear quite a bit of noise.  I went back down and explained expecting to either have to wait (as it was only lunchtime) or to get a very basic room. This didn't happen though, I…",Date of stay: November 2017,4.0
1005,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1010-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Good location.. busy hotel. ,"Good staff, busy hotel.. rooms clean tidy and well presented.   Local shops and plenty of food places nearby, Paddington station walking distance. Good surrounding night life.   The room was cosy and spacious, room service offered a good selection room of foods.   A great place to stay.   7/10",Date of stay: December 2016,3.0
1006,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1010-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Never Again,"We stayed here after arriving on the Eurostar from Paris. The room was super tiny, shabby looking, broken TV, toilet didn't flush, shower head broken. It was a nightmare, we were so glad to be able to leave. For the excessive price paid, you would think they could clean up a bit.",Date of stay: October 2017,2.0
1007,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1010-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Excellent Location and great Staffs!!,"The Paddington Hilton is located at Paddington Rail road Station, end point of the Heathrow Express train. Easy access to and from the airport, and also great area.  Hotel is in Historic GWR Building, and rooms are all Huge and even lowest room beats any other hotels in Europe.  Also safe area and many Tube (under ground train) accesses and near by Paddington Canal area by the hotel was built up with many great restaurants. Right next to the hotel is the famous St. Mary Hosptial where young Prince and Princess were born. A great location and the best hotel in London.",Date of stay: November 2017,5.0
1008,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1010-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Good location and easy access to everywhere.,We liked the location and the helpfullness of the staff to direct us towards the right directions to see this big city. Our rooms were very nice and clean but very small. The bathroom is also small but for 2 people not spending all the time in the room was very good. The best was the price which was very reasonable for us.,Date of stay: October 2017,5.0
1009,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1010-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Rakesh at front desk is awesome !,"I just wanted to write about my latest experience at this hotel.  I usually come to London a few times a year and stay 75% of time here due to the convenience.  But now I stay here because of world class customer service and friendliness from the likes of Rakesh.  Rakesh recognized me right when he saw me, welcomed me back, and proceeded to check me in.  Also, since I am a Diamond hilton member he proceeded to upgrade me to GWR room which I always welcome.  Thank you.    Over the last 2 years that I’ve stayed here the friendliness, eagerness to help solve any questions or issues, and professionalism has made this Hilton my go-to when I come to London.  Please Continue to employ and reward staff like Rakesh, Hilton -  it’s hard workers like him that keep business going :). ",Date of stay: November 2017,5.0
1010,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1015-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Convenient,"Walk off the heathrow express and into the hotel.  No taxis.  Right on the tube station too.  neighborhood isn’t greatest for restaurants but there’s a M&S downstairs for snacks.  Eats in station too.  Rooms are comfortable and very clean.   I’ve never had a problem getting early check in, so it’s good for early morning arrivals from overseas - and for quick access to Heathrow for departure.  ",Date of stay: November 2017,5.0
1011,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1015-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Excellent hotel,Stayed at the hotel. Arrived early and was impressed that they could book us in and let us have our room 3 hours ahead of check in. Room spacious for London and well presented. Excellent location with shops restaurants and travel all in walking distance. Probably one of the best London hotels we have stayed in.,Date of stay: November 2017,4.0
1012,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1015-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Railway hotel with character.,The hotel has a great location as a railway hotel it is connected to Paddington station which is ideal for Heathrow airport. From the station you get enter the hotel without even going outside. I have had the pleasure of staying here twice in the last couple of months.   The reception team here are nice and they do try their best. The lobby is not quite as grand or impressive as it perhaps once was or could be. The lifts in this hotel are quite an enigma. There are many lifts and many of them don't go to many places. I guess it adds a quirky side to the hotel.   On my first stay I stayed in a Guest Room and I asked for a higher room I was luckily given a deluxe room. Both rooms were nice and very traditional in style. The rooms are old and have clearly been around a while…,Date of stay: November 2017,4.0
1013,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1015-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Perfect location and excellent accommodation,"Having found this location perfect for access to Heathrow on our last departure from London, this time we opted to stay in the GWR Tower Block and were very happy that we did. We stayed on Level 5 where the suite was roomy with a comfortable King size bed, up to date furnishings and excellent air conditioning. We enjoyed utilising the Executive Club lounge with complimentary breakfast and evening cocktails. We stayed 3 nights and found it handy catching the train to Windsor as well as the Tube to various parts of London prior to our departure. It is expensive but much better than the standard room and so easy on the early morning departure day to have an early breakfast then go downstairs to catch the Heathrow express. Highly recommended.",Date of stay: September 2017,5.0
1014,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1015-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great location.  Staff not so great ,Used for some business meetings as excellent location with train and underground right beside hotel. Unfortunately logistics errors by hotel marred the event. Took a lot of complaining to get sorted.   Room are good though heating poor even when on max. Needed coat on.  Electric radiator provided when I complained.  At least that was a quick fix  Last complaint was that the toilet paper was cheap and very rough.  Standard issue according to house keeping who did manage to find some better quality paper when asked.    Food is average.  Batter on fish and chips was stodgy. Sandwich bread dried out. Scallops tasty but tepid temperature. Not impressed. ,Date of stay: November 2017,3.0
1015,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1020-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Best Location for Transportation,We stayed here because we didn't want to have to fight traffic getting to the airport on our day of departure. We were not sorry. This hotel is perfect. Can take the train to the airport. Hotel is very very nice. We loved it. Rooms were great and we would stay there again when we go to London.,Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
1016,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1020-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great location.Very pleasant room and stay,"Staff at reception,breakfast and concierge were excellent-Justin at reception and W.....?? ( Polish) were particularly good.Very comfortable rooms and beds .As I would expect of a 4 star Hilton.Very pleasant stay .",Date of stay: November 2017,4.0
1017,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1020-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Design not thoughtful,There is a 4 step staircase between old and new building before reaching the lift lobby at level 2.  It is a pain to go up and down with luggages. There should be a slope for customer to slide the luggages up and down.,Date of stay: November 2017,3.0
1018,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1020-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great location,"The Hilton Paddington is located directly in Paddington Station, it's a great location if you are coming from or going to Heathrow airport. The Hotel is comfortable, with a good restaurant and the rooms are spacious by London standard.",Date of stay: November 2017,4.0
1019,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1020-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Expensive impersonal service,"This hotel could be great as it is well appointed, it should be great given the price. However, the service is both sloppy and impersonal with no follow up, the standards are poor with many little things not working - blocked sink, erratic internet, soaps etc. not refreshed.",Date of stay: November 2017,2.0
1020,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1025-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Thank you, London Hilton Paddington.","This is a wonderful hotel located very conveniently to Paddington Station and Heathrow Express.  The staff was pleasant, friendly and professional and the property is beautifully kept. Rooms were clean, quiet and very comfortable.  There was never a question that was not accompanied with a helpful response.  Breakfast, Lunch and Dinner available on the property and delicious.  Definitely a  property I would visit again.",Date of stay: November 2017,5.0
1021,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1025-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,nice hotel - great location,hilton paddington is a good hotel with exceptional location. very convenient to transportation. would come back again. nice to have supermarkets so close by. best location if you use heathrow express.,Date of stay: October 2017,4.0
1022,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1025-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great Hotel with poor breakfast,I really like this Hotel because its location which is literally inside Paddington station. From Hestjrow you take the speedtrain into London get out at Paddington wslk across the platform and boom you are in your Hotel. From here it is quick to get anywhere in London. Rooms are nice and clean. While the breakfast is a little poor which is nothing surprising as we are in England right???...the staff the internet and everything else in this Hotel is just right. I can fully recommend this place.,Date of stay: November 2017,4.0
1023,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1025-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Be sure to get explanation of bed size before you book.,Location is excellent. Staff did not understand my wants. I requested a room with two beds for two adults and was checked into single bed room. Asked for another room it’s two beds and received a room with one bed split in to two small beds. Very uncomfortable for two adults. Tube construction 24 hours a day. Very loud!,Date of stay: October 2017,3.0
1024,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1025-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Can't Beat the Location for Heathrow Express!,"After spending a week visiting friends and family in southern England, we were scheduled to fly out of Heathrow, necessitating a fairly early morning arrival at the airport. Rather than stay near the airport, we spent our last night at the Hilton London Paddington and caught an early Heathrow Express train to the airport.  The location can't be beat, as it is basically attached to the station.  (In fact, our hotel room overlooked the glass covered terminal and it was fun watching the commuters/travelers scurrying around.) Check-in was easy and the room as well appointed and comfortable. Our minor complaints -- the bath towels were a bit ratty (but clean) and the air ventilation seemed to turn itself off at night, causing the room to heat up (beyond the thermostat setting).  But…",Date of stay: October 2017,4.0
1025,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1030-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great central hotel,"I stayed here for a night and found it to be a treat central hotel, well located, especially if using Paddington station ;)  Good service, great rooms.  I was fortunate to get upgraded the s Exec room, so I had lounge access as well. That makes a decision green e and is worth paying for.  ",Date of stay: October 2017,4.0
1026,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1030-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Threadbare Hotel mars the Hilton brand name,"This hotel is old and creaky, way overdue for a remodeling and renovation. Everything is out of date by 25 years or more. The rooms have sub-standard furniture, the windows are drafty and don't open or close properly. The heating and cooling system does not work properly. The bathroom fans do not function, and the showers are tiny and outdated. Carpets need to be replaced.  The worst thing is that they have about 15 channels on the TV, all in low-def, with fuzzy pictures on under-sized TVs. I guess it doesn't matter much because there are no worthwhile channels outside BBC international. Forget any idea of watching any American sports - NEVER.  The Wifi is weak, slow and spotty - and that's the good paid one.  The Breakfasts in the executive lounges are PITIFUL - some kind of…",Date of stay: October 2017,2.0
1027,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1030-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Wanted to give this hotel 5 out of 5,"It’s been a while since I have stayed here and I’d forgotten just how good this Hilton is. I received an upgrade to a Double Deluxe and the room was large, very clean and nicely decorated. There was a lobby area with wardrobe, tea making facilities, glasses and mini bar.  Checking in was excellent and an upgrade was very welcome. The public rooms are comfortable and the bar at the front of the hotel is great. Nice breakfast as usual, no smoked salmon, is this a cutback? The only disappointment was checkout, an uninterested member of the team who seemed to be more interested in what else was going on to give a friendly service. No eye contact, no interest as to how good the stay was etc etc. What a shame when every thing else was good. Shame to leave with an air of disappointment.",Date of stay: October 2017,4.0
1028,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1030-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Convenient location,Stayed here for one night stopover before returning to Australia. Hotel is conveniently located over Paddington Station for train connection to Heathrow Airport.  Lots of restaurants close by. And od course train connections for London underground.,Date of stay: October 2017,3.0
1029,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1030-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,An excellent choice,"Located convieniently above Paddington station (underground and railroad), this luxurious hotel turned out to be a great choice for a couple of weeks for exploring England by train. The room was spacious and comfortably appointed and the service prompt and meticulous. We stayed in an executive room in the new GWR Tower and enjoyed the full luxury of (full english) breakfast, lunch and evening snacks (with wine and whisky) in the executive lounge. Not our first such experience with this level of luxury but certainly one of the best. A great place to relax at the end of a sightseeing day.",Date of stay: October 2017,5.0
1030,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1035-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Memorable kindness,We chose to stay at this hotel due to its proximity to Paddington station-- in fact you can access it without leaving the station. We arrived by HEX from Heathrow around nine thirty in the morning and had arranged for early check in. We were very impressed with the personalized service we received throughout our stay. Loved our room as it was very spacious with high ceilings and a wonderful bathroom. Wi-Fi was wicked fast and every electrical worked. We are Hilton Honors members and our treatment at Hilton Paddington is what will keep us loyal to the Hilton brand. Terrific staff! Well managed hotel.,Date of stay: October 2017,5.0
1031,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1035-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Mold, Random Hair, Broken TV","The Hilton Paddington is a poor experience. I'm staying here as I type this and if it weren't for my company requiring I stay here, I would have requested an immediate transfer to another hotel.  Appearance: The hotel is in desperate need of refurbishment. The look and feel are antiquated and dingy. The building is a historical site, which is certainly fine, but the interior is in desperate need of a refresh: carpeting, linens, towels, walls, television, music docking stations, etc.  Cleanliness: I changed rooms because my first room had substantial mold on the bathroom ceiling and the tub had hair in it. My second room also had hair in the tub and the television was broken, but I was exhausted by my experience and didn't request a third room.  Service: After reporting three…",Date of stay: October 2017,2.0
1032,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1035-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great Location to Paddington Station and Heathrow Express Train,"My wife and I have been to London many times. During this particular trip we would be arriving at London Heathrow airport around 8 p.m. from the United States.  Normally we would take the Underground to London. This time we decided to take The Heathrow Express train directly to Paddington Station. It was only a 15 minute ride. Since it was late at night we wanted a hotel close to Paddington Station. The Hilton Paddington is connected to Paddington Station. We could walk directly from the train into the hotel without having to worry about adverse weather and most important, lugging our suitcases up and down stairs as we would have if we took the Underground. The Hilton Paddington was convenient and perfect for our needs, especially since we are getting older in our years. Our…",Date of stay: July 2017,5.0
1033,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1035-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Convenient, Great location traveling to and from airport.   Staff was great.  Rooms need some updating. Very expensive for what you get. My companion one at the breakfast buffet I wanted to eat à la cart we could not sit in the same area.,Date of stay: October 2017,4.0
1034,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1035-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Great location, meh hotel","I have stayed at the Hilton Paddington several times since it is so convenient. The location is great, being right in the train station and 15 minutes from Heathrow. The hotel itself, however, is quite average. The service is decent, but the rooms are poor. Didn't seem worth the price.",Date of stay: October 2017,3.0
1035,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1040-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Superb room,Really enjoyed our stay in an excellent large room and the breakfast was well organised with a good range of food. Our only criticism was concerning the Steam Bar and its staff who were singularly unhelpful,Date of stay: September 2017,4.0
1036,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1040-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,review for GWR towers,"overall it was good place, my room was in GWR tower the nice part of the hotel...........  Getting to the room wasn't easy cause it located in different part hotel.. look like hotel made extensions made it bigge ",Date of stay: October 2017,5.0
1037,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1040-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Terrible customer service ,Came in on an early flight and was told no room would be available for several hours despite requested early check in. Escalated to my corporate travel and found that the hotel would only escalate if we agreed to pay additional L100 pounds a night and even then they would not have it ready anytime promised.  Then after further escalation they fell back to original time table of waiting for 2-4hours before room would be ready. I had the pleasure of having the front desk smirk and roll their eyes while I waited for my corporate travel try to work it out.   I am an executive with a large company that does a lot of business with this hotel-  it’s Service would not reflect that at all.   #hiltonlondonpaddington ,Date of stay: October 2017,1.0
1038,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1040-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Location advantage,"We stayed at hilton paddington for a couple of nights. Location of the hotel was ideal as it's connected to paddington station and hence ideal to catch heathrow express for an early morning or late night flight. Room service was ok, but pricey. Once you step out of the hotel there were lots of options for restaurants, so not a deal breaker. Internet was ok. Check in took a while at 9AM, although i had a reservation from previous night. Check out was quick enough. Views from the room are limited as its a busy neighborhood.",Date of stay: June 2017,4.0
1039,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1040-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Good night sleep,Stayed one night large room very comfortable bed. Not as clean as I would expect phone beside bed had dried food on.  Shower in the morning water not very hot. Complementary breakfast was good.  On check out I did mention about the phone but there was no apology. What I don’t think is right customer at the reception in his pyjamas and nothing was said. If that is what goes now then it’s not for me.,Date of stay: October 2017,4.0
1040,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1045-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,could improve reception service,"The hotel room was lovely, clean and with amazing view down towards Paddington Station skyline. Unfortunately have not scored highly on this occasion as was let down by reception experience. On checking in, there was a staff with word ‘trainee’ on her name badge, yet she was left on her own and no one came to help or advise her when she could not handle my query. I mentioned to her that the wrong address was printed on my checking in form. Instead of helping to correct this, Her only offered response was that this is the address ‘she has in the system’. There continued this back and forth exchange of me saying it was wrong address and the receptionist repeatedly stating that ‘that was what she had in the system’, so I gave up in the end. On checking out the next day, at the…",Date of stay: October 2017,3.0
1041,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1045-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Excellent hotel; good location,"After reading some of the reviews on TripAdvisor before we headed out on our trip, I was concerned about my choice of this hotel.  I had booked it with miles a few months before our trip and the reviews at that time had been positive.  But there were quite a few more recent reviews that led me to question my choice.  No need to worry about it.  It's an excellent hotel.  The staff were courteous, room was clean and comfortable.  The hotel itself is lovely.    We had a deluxe double room.  The pictures show two chairs and a nice amount of space.  We were hoping for that - a place where two people could sit and a room that wouldn't feel too tight.  While the room wasn't as spacious as we were hoping for, and didn't have two side chairs, it was quite comfortable and had enough space…",Date of stay: October 2017,5.0
1042,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1045-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Good Location, Comfortable Hotel","The room was comfortable, the staff friendly and the location of the hotel is excellent with easy underground and rail links. We would definitely stay here again. This time it was a weekend away without the children, but I would happily stay here on business or with my children as well.",Date of stay: October 2017,5.0
1043,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1045-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Really raised their bar,We've stayed here twice this year and really can't fault it. We are a bit annoyed when they would not let us cancel our stay for a family trip to see Ariana Grande in May. On our rescheduled stay we could not fault the hotel or the service. If the price is right we will definitely return,Date of stay: October 2017,4.0
1044,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1045-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Good location, warmer customer experience needed","I stayed here for one night in a deluxe room (upgraded after I asked as a gold member) and this appeared a little inconvenient for the receptionist. Room was lovely but bath plug didn't close so couldn't make use of the bath (not always found it london hotels). Helpful having iron and ironing board and water and a nice addition of a coffee maker (liked this!). Breakfast was busy and not enough hosts at the desk as it took too long to be seated and when I asked for eggs Benedict was told you have to have the buffet unless you sit over there in the a la carte section. Buffet was ok. Good place for a hotel,nice rooms, staff 'prickly' and need t be more positive with customers. ",Date of stay: October 2017,3.0
1045,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1050-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Easy to get to,"Catching the Paddington train to this hotel from London Heathrow is very easy and very quick.  That is the main reason we stay here.  And the executive lounge.  Included are drinks, snacks and breakfast in the lounge or at the restaurant.",Date of stay: October 2017,5.0
1046,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1050-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Great location, good sleep","Arrived from Cardiff, convenient location to check in.  Room was cosy, limited TV channels with some channels poor reception. Toilet was clean though drainage a bit slow. Bed was comfortable. Room was quiet despite being in a busy train station.   Convenience stalls just inside and outside surrounding the hotel  with restaurants and money changers nearby. Underground with circle line, district and bakerloo line making it convenient to get around London.  End of our stay, we took Heathrow Express straight to Heathrow to catch our flight.  Overall a great stay and definitely will be staying in this hotel next visit to London/UK.",Date of stay: September 2017,4.0
1047,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1050-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Location, Location, Location",The only reason to stay at this hotel is it's proximity to the train station. I spent one night here before an early flight to catch the Heathrow express. You literally take an escalator from the lobby and your at the station. Other than that the location isn't fantastic. The rooms are quite nice and have an old train station feel to them.,Date of stay: September 2017,4.0
1048,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1050-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Older, bit tired hotel, but best location in London","I've stayed here at the Hilton Paddington for years and you can't beat the location. Tube station, national rail and the heathrow express all attached to the hotel and a mini shopping mall (with full grocery, M&S i think) and a Starbucks 5 feet out the back door to the station.  Like I said, just about the best possible location. However, while the staff was somewhat helpful, they weren't necessarily friendly.  I grabbed a starbucks and went to sit in the lobby lounge to do emails, but was evicted by the server, evidently the lobby lounge is considered part of the restaurant and you can't bring your own drinks. I'm an early riser, especially in Europe, being based in the US, and I like to get a bit of work done before client and prospect meetings. Then I asked the Concierge…",Date of stay: October 2017,3.0
1049,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1050-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great location,"This hotel's  location is perfect with easy access to Heathrow Express plus adjacent to the tube.  Room had all the modern cons associated with this Hotel chain. Cleanliness, good bathroom,good breakfast.  One feature it does not offer is free wi-fi in rooms.  We were in England for 27 days, 12 of them on a tour and the rest driving ourselves.  We got free wi-fi even when in b&b.  Very surprised with this as all other hotels on tour offered this service.  Get your act together Hilton Paddington as free wi-fi was offered at Hilton in Edinburgh.  Why??????",Date of stay: September 2017,4.0
1050,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1055-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great location but old hotel and somewhat rude staff,"The location is fantastic, literally 30 seconds away from LHR Express and London main business locations.  However, the hotels is very old in serious need of refurbishment and staff is not particularly attentive/kind to guests. Being a regular Hilton guest, I'd say this location falls below average with regards to service. The lady at the business centre has been especially rude I have to say.",Date of stay: October 2017,3.0
1051,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1055-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Excelent location,"Good basic Hilton standard hotel in excellet location at Paddington station, only fee steps from Heatrow Express. Very helpful and serviceminded personell. Old fashioned rooms which are tidy and comfortable. Meeting rooms are adequite.",Date of stay: October 2017,4.0
1052,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1055-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Good spot for a stop over,"we had 'one night in London' while traveling from Spain to Sydney and stayed at this hotel. We were flying from Heathrow so this was perfect as right at the station that the express train comes in on. It is also a easy to get about from here to other parts of London. The hotel room was nice and roomy, compared to other places we have stayed at in the same location, and we go a free upgrade which was nice.",Date of stay: September 2017,4.0
1053,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1055-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Wedding anniversary celebration,Nice hotel. Upgraded to one of the luxury Tower rooms. Nice private lounge with decent snacks and drinks. Ate in the Brasserie where the service was good as was the food. All in fairly successful except for unfortunate incident with a thief in the lobby. Hotel dealt with it fairly well!,Date of stay: October 2017,4.0
1054,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1055-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Bad stay at the noisy Hilton,"I stayed at the Hilton this weekend the 30th Sept, the room was average, at about 11pm when i got back to my room, there was load music coming from the in-house club or bar. i complained about the noise but it went on until about 3am. I will not stay here again.. too noisy.",Date of stay: September 2017,1.0
1055,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1060-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Still one of the worst hiltons,"Why it is bad. Heating in room not working. Had to report heating not working a number of times before someone came and looked, they did not fix it, I wasted over 2 hours on this. TV picture very poor. Room carpet ripped an a number of places. Not hot water in the morning. When reported to staff they refused to do anything.",Date of stay: September 2017,1.0
1056,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1060-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Handy for Hyde Park,This was our third trip to Hyde Park for Proms in the Park on the last night. It’s always a good night!! Previously we have stayed in Kensington but this time thought we would try somewhere a little closer to Hyde Park. And so I booked The Hilton at Paddington.  I chose one of the rooms in the Tower Room section. It really is a fantastic hotel. The rooms were very good standard. Hope it would be a little larger than it was but it was bigger than most rooms.  The reception staff were very helpful as was the concierge. The staff in the Lounge were discreet and you hardly noticed them whisk away empty plates and set out more food.  The location of the hotel was great for Hyde Park - being only ten minutes walk away. It’s directly on a tube line from Euston Square.  Had a quiet…,Date of stay: September 2017,5.0
1057,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1060-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Surprisingly good food for an in-house restaurant and really comfortable beds afterwards,"Our stay here was an unexpected one, as we normally stay at LHR Terminal 5 if we have a morning flight.. Prices at T5 were sky-high  and we took a step 'out of the box' and stayed at the Hilton on Paddington Station and then used the Heathrow Express. Having experienced a quiet, relaxing stay with really excellent customer service at this hotel we fully intend to repeat this pre-flight plan. When travelling to London by train its quick and easy to move between major stations and taxi fares are reasonable and we always find 'black cab' drivers are more than happy to help with any luggage.",Date of stay: September 2017,5.0
1058,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1060-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Perfect Location, Excellent Accomodations!","First trip to London, and Hilton London Paddington was a great hotel for my business trip.  Located right off the Heathrow Express and connected to the overground, and  Underground Circle, Hammersmith, & Bakerloo lines, the hotel is directly connected to the train station with restaurants, coffee cafés , pubs, retail, and grocery stores all around.  15 minutes from LHR on the HEX.  There are also plenty of buses and stops, both tour and commuter, as well as ample taxi service.  Check in and service was 4 star, room was a large, comfortable bed with cotton sheets and a down comforter.  Bathroom was spacious with well functioning utilities.  My rate included breakfast which was buffet style and adequately diverse and delicious.  I did not use the fitness center or go to 146 pub. …",Date of stay: September 2017,5.0
1059,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1060-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Good Hotel adjacent to Paddington station ,"Stayed for couple of days in this hotel as we came in to London on our way to Wales. The location of the hotel is very convenient as both Paddington overground and underground are at a stone's throw distance. Lots of eating options around the place so you'll not go hungry. The Hyde park is around 10 minutes walk and it's a great place to visit provided it's not raining (and yes it rains a lot in London).  Highs  The hotel has their own entrance from the Paddington station. So, you don't have to even step out of the station to enter the hotel. However, it's not easy to detect the entrance. At least we couldn't figure out the day we reached Paddington. However that's not a big deal as the main Hotel entrance accessible from the outside of Paddington station is just 5 minutes…",Date of stay: September 2017,4.0
1060,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1065-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Average ,"This place is. It one of the best places in London it could actually do with a refurb , this is a shame as the actual building looks stunning from the outside . I am sure once it has a refurb it will get back to being a top hotel in the meantime we will not be booking our clients in there.",Date of stay: September 2017,3.0
1061,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1065-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Confused and insulted,"On arrival on the 9/9/17 I was greeted at reception, where I was checking in,  The receptionist gave me my room on the 5th floor, I did ask if I could change on a lower floor, this was greeted with a look of disgust and an answer of "" no we haven't got any spare rooms"" I then asked her to check again. Surprisingly enough there was on the 1st floor, when I questioned why I could change my room the receptionist said it was the rate that we had paid? I responded with I paid what was asked when I booked on the internet?  I felt as if I were being means tested. Anyway up to the first floor room 109, excellent room, very nice. Until the housekeeper knocked and told us the room hadn't been made up! After she contacted the cleaners and had a row with reception, then she contacts the…",Date of stay: September 2017,4.0
1062,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1065-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Best London railway hotel,In London I have a preference for railway hotels where you can step from the hotel onto the station. Of these the Paddington Hilton is my favourite. I last stayed here in September 2017 and it was nice to see familiar faces at reception.  The concierge had a couple of locals on the staff who could not only give directions but could also specify the modes of public transport.  I stayed in the Tower which was very pleasant but quite a long walk from reception. The room was well designed with excellent marquetry.  I took advantage of the excellent Tower Lounge for breakfast  I did not find the Guest Services Directory helpful. What time did breakfast end and were refreshments really served 'throughout the day'?,Date of stay: June 2017,5.0
1063,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1065-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Executive excellence,"A last minute booking as a cheap price drop had occurred and I wanted to revisit since becoming Diamond status. I was not disappointed as my booked standard room was upgraded to an Executive King. A huge room with large comfortable bed, plenty of storage space and a large desk area. Tea and coffee making as ever and a large bathroom with all facilities provided. Room was quiet even though overlooking Paddington Station roof, and air conditioning kept the room at a comfortable temperature. I took breakfast in the Executive lounge and this was good with limited hot items available as well as continental style. The staff looked after me well and I'll certainly be on the look out for a cheap rate in the future for another return visit.",Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
1064,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1065-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Oasis in the middle of chaos at Paddington,"We arrived at Paddington Station on the train from Heathrow very early the morning of Sunday, September 10 after three flights and 23 hours of travel from southwest Colorado.  Needless to say, we were eager to board our train to Devon where we would be staying with friends.  You can imagine our disappointment to find that all the trains out of Paddington except the Heathrow Express were delayed indefinitely because overnight track maintenance was running late.  With so many people unable to travel, the station was jammed, the crowd greatly outnumbered the available seats, some public toilets were closed because of construction, and it was too early for the lounge to be open because it was a Sunday. On top of that, our U.S. phone did not work and we were unwilling to provide the…",Date of stay: September 2017,4.0
1065,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1070-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Not a Hotel for Business travellers,"Staying for 2 nights at Hilton London Paddington. Rooms are ok howvever the large hotel does not have a proper lobby to sit and have an informal meeting. The only place where guests can sit is in the ""bar"" (a section with worn out furniture from the 80s) where you have to order or are asked to leave. Very strange policy for a hotel part of the Hilton group",Date of stay: September 2017,1.0
1066,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1070-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"AMOMA.COM fraud, Overcharged by Hilton","I stayed at the Hilton London Paddington for 2 nights from 12/09/17 to 14/09/17 and made the booking through AMOMA.COM.  Upon arrival at the hotel I was told that my booking with AMOMA.COM was not in their system despite receiving the confirmation from the agency. I was then told not to worry by the front desk as they could make me a new reservation. In the mean time, I was told to forward my booking details to the Hilton email address as they sort out the booking issue. At this point, it was NOT MENTIONED that I was to be charged at a different rate and thus left me to assume that I would be paying the same amount I had with the booking via AMOMA.COM.  Upon check out, I was surprised with a sum of 718£ (Invoice no. 1109979) for only two nights in a standard double room.…",Date of stay: September 2017,1.0
1067,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1070-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Weekend trip,Room was very good as to be expected staff well could have been more friendly quite stuffy in fact I have had better reception at a lower rate hotel location is excellent near all routes for tube Oyster cards can be loaded or day tickets for routes 1 - 4 just £12.50 pp this will cover all major attractions  There is a Starbucks to the rear of the hotel which leads on to the station great meals at reasonable prices from the steakhouse opposite and garfunkles  just down the street a great meal  All in all a fair stay ,Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
1068,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1070-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Spacious, surprisingly quiet and delicious breakfast","Our family got upgraded for free, and ended up with a huge suite with a separate room for the kids. Lovely, clean and spacious. The breakfast is incredible! The indoor passage to the train station is extremely convenient. Highly recommended.",Date of stay: April 2017,5.0
1069,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1070-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Go for the GWR Upgrade,"We stayed in the GWR rooms at the Hilton Paddington which were renovated a couple years ago. The beds are wonderful and the bathrooms are stunning.  I've stayed here several times and find the best deal is to get the GWR executive room upgrade including lounge access. On this stay we were offered the upgrade for 50 GBP for 2 people. This is a great deal considering the nicer, modern upgraded and larger rooms plus all day lounge access.  The lounge includes a buffet breakfast which is good, although a limited selection. You can get made to order eggs and waffles. Lunch is also available, again limited selection. The evening lounge offers appetizers plus beer, wine and hard liquor.   When you take all this into account it's a really good deal, especially for London,  and you can't…",Date of stay: September 2017,5.0
1070,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1075-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Convenient to Paddington Station but...,"Chose this hotel for a one night stay due to being right above Paddington Station as my husband and I were traveling to Heathrow airport next morning on the Heathrow expressed.  Room was clean and adequate for one night, but I was rather disappointed in my stay.  Business offices were all close, so we could not print boarding passes for our flight.  Poor television reception and few channels, some outside noise, found pillows to be flat and uncomfortable, though this is purely personal preference.  Room was clean and spacious but, to be honest, I just expected more for the price.",Date of stay: September 2017,3.0
1071,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1075-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Solid, Great Location","You won't get a better location for Heathrow if you are accessing it by train or are passing thru London. If you are hiring a car/driving it is a different story, stay closer to Heathrow. But the Heathrow Express train makes this Hilton a great location for many.",Date of stay: March 2017,4.0
1072,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1075-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Executive Room worth the extra,"This was our second stay at Paddington Hilton. Arrived by train and straight into the hotel, no taxi required. Executive lounge was very good as usual, although very busy for Saturday breakfast, but the hotel responded very quickly with extra staff.",Date of stay: September 2017,5.0
1073,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1075-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Convenient to connect to Heathrow,"Hilton is in a great location connected to the Paddington Train Station, directly across the street from the underground station. One can get to the airport via the Heathrow express (directly connected to Heathrow Airport via the Heathrow Express), which is a convenient and economical. Breakfast was excellent.  There are good restaurants within the walking distance from the hotel. Rooms are good. Easy walk to Hyde Park, Marble Arch, Oxford Street. Great location for business, sight-seeing trips and for those needing quick access to the Heathrow Express.",Date of stay: November 2016,3.0
1074,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1075-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Nice place, convenient locale","About 900 ft from exit of Paddington Station, this hotel is clean, spacious, and in a location with extremely easy access to the entire city of London. Only stayed one night, but the room was quite large and very nice. Only oddity was the bathroom- only one outlet and it was only for shavers. Really??? Glad I had a phone by the toilet, though. ",Date of stay: September 2017,4.0
1075,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1080-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Excellent choice en royte to Heathrow!,"Going to or coming from Heathrow on te Express train? This is your chouce to catch a good nights sleep. Located just above the train station, but you'd never know it from ""noise level."" There is none! Located nearby are several casual restaurants if you dont dine in the hotel. Also, a fantastic pub that I'd like to keep oyr little secret.....",Date of stay: September 2017,5.0
1076,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1080-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Executive,"Very nice hotel, super fancy room with big areas! You will find confort eveywhere from your bed to the amazing bathtub! It is not a central location but you can get to city center in less around 10min. Metro station just in front of the Hotel door, very convenient! Train station just on the back of the hotel, less then 5min walk. Friendly staff and very good food with very well balanced menus (bar and restaurant)",Date of stay: September 2017,5.0
1077,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1080-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Enjoyable stay at the Paddington Hilton,"Perfect location when staying in London.  Although the room did look a little tired.  It was spotlessly clean, very comfortable and a great size.  The amenities were ideal and the two bottles of water were appreciated.  I would defiantly stay there again. The staff were 10/10.",Date of stay: September 2017,5.0
1078,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1080-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Good overall but poor handling of key problem,I stayed here as part of a dental conference. The conference facilities were good and the food at lunch was particularly good and plentiful.  The Good.   1. Excellent location right beside Paddington and so very good for the Heathrow Express.  2. The rooms were spacious and well equipped with free water. The bathrooms were also large and the shower was excellent.  3. The food in the brasserie was very good and the newly renovated bar looks great though the service was just ok. Public areas are pleasant in an art deco style.  4. The prices are pretty good by London standards.  The Bad.  1. The rooms are a little dated in appearance.  2. The main reason for a reduced score was the poor handling of a problem with room keys not working. On our returnnto the room after the afternoon…,Date of stay: September 2017,4.0
1079,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1080-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Convenient for Heathrow Express,"Was just in for one-night stay while coming from Heathrow and moving on. You can enter the hotel straight from the terminal when coming from Heathrow Express. Just take the escalator up one floor and it is the glass door in the back. Signs posted all the way. But it is the back entry to the hotel so not so visible. Same goes for leaving for Heathrow.  Access to Paddington tube is across the street, and perhaps from within the same building but did not explore that option. Across street was convenient enough and thats where they guided me.  Got an upgrade to the renovated tower side, which was clean, shiny and all that. Breakfast was served on the executive lounge in the tower, which is small room accessible with the room key on the 7th floor. Offering small but fine for me. Did…",Date of stay: September 2017,5.0
1080,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1085-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,GWR tower,"Perfect location off the Heathrow express! Paddington train station has M & S,Sainsbury's and other shops open til midnight. Hotel is just 100 yards from getting off the Heathrow express. Easy to argue that this is the most convenient hotel to get to in all of central London!  The refurbished GWR tower was super nice, clean, we felt well taken care of by housekeeping and executive lounge staff when we needed items.   Exec lounge on 7th floor: small, prob seats 30ish people.  Made to order breakfast was nice. Although, omelette was a little overcooked and flat (not fluffy), afternoon tea was ok, but we were hoping for scones and clotted cream. It seemed it was grocery store pastries, cookies & eclairs, (not even bakery). The appetizers @ happy hour were disappointing and tired. …",Date of stay: September 2017,4.0
1081,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1085-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Superb location for airport and transit access,"Location is the best feature about this hotel:  a fifteen minute ride from Heathrow on the Heathrow Express, and easily connected to the Underground and to trains to the Southwest.  GWR Tower rooms are large, with most of the mod cons.  The GWR Tower Lounge was never crowded, and the breakfast buffet was very good (remember to request eggs to order as there are no eggs on the buffet).  Bathrooms provide separate showers and tubs, with good water pressure.  Single sink vanity featured a blending tap.  In room safe was a good size and easy to use.  Walk through closet provided adequate hanging and drawer space.  The only drawback to the GWR tower is the somewhat involved trek via the 2nd floor to get there, but it is well signposted.  One thing to note is that odd numbered rooms…",Date of stay: September 2017,4.0
1082,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1085-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Good experience,"I stayed for a night at this hotel during a trip to London. I needed a room last minute at 10 pm at night. This hotel was kind enough to accommodate me. The location is very central and just opposite the Paddington station. So in case one needs to connect to Heathrow by the airport express, this is a great option. The staff was good and in fact they gave me an upgrade. The rooms are of above average size. Maintenance and upkeep can be a better. All in all a good stay.",Date of stay: September 2017,4.0
1083,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1085-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Room wasnt clean,"Disappointed about my stay since the room smelled very bad and the carpet was sticky, not Hilton standard. Wouldn't say that it is located in the best part of London however Paddington station is nearby and underground parking is available.",Date of stay: November 2016,2.0
1084,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1085-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,1 night stay,Stayed at this hotel 10th september 2017 room 221 for 1 night as travelled up with Edwards coaches to Hampton court and Windsor castle with my mother the hotel and staff very very helpful the rooms were so clean beds to comfy could have stayed there all day hope to visit again soon ....,Date of stay: September 2017,5.0
1085,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1090-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Always a top notch stay here never fails to live up to expectation,Great stay ..food excellent bar prices reasonable for central London ..staff very helpful and friendly ..stay here every time I stay in London never had issues once . Defiantly recommend very clean and well maintained ,Date of stay: September 2017,5.0
1086,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1090-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Very supportive staff,"This hotel is extremely well-located. It is literally at Paddington Station. The staff were warm and very helpful. The room was clean and comfortable. The breakfast was one of the best I have had in the world. I was allowed early check-in, and even offered access to the gym to freshen up before my room was ready. Great restaurants nearby, and Hyde Park is only a few blocks away. The only negative for this hotel is that the elevators are very slow. You literally need to build time into your schedule to wait for elevators. ",Date of stay: September 2017,5.0
1087,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1090-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great London Option,"Great location, right at Paddington Station. Stayed in a Tower room, which was well-designed, spacious and quiet. The Executive and Tower lounges were a great amenity - breakfast and happy hour repasts were available. Many choices in the neighborhood for dining out.",Date of stay: September 2017,4.0
1088,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1090-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Best Hotel Room near Paddington Station,Stayed here one night for an early morning trip to Heathrow.  Tower Room was outstanding; one of the most nicely furnished hotel rooms I’ve ever experienced.  The Executive Lounge had a good selection of food and beverages plus a nice inside view of Paddington Station.  Highly recommend this hotel for those needing quick access to the Heathrow Express.,Date of stay: September 2017,4.0
1089,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1090-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,You get what you pay for......,"Conveniten location, but that's about it. It's been about twelve years since I'vs stayed here, but was the best deal for what I coudl get for two nights.   Normally a Marriott guy.  Anyway, front desk attitude was rather poor.  (none of the three at the front desk Saturday night, Sept 9 seemed to want to check me in - thank goodness for the Trainee who actually seemed to care!) Rooms are tired - same furniture and decor from my last visit in 2005.  And even then it was a bit old..... I asked the Concierge for some info on a Sports bar showing US Football - no help at all.  Said there was a sport bar at the Hilton Metropole donw the road 10 minutes.  I've been there before - yes they call it a sport bar but it really isn't.  Shame on Hilton for not training staff better.  That…",Date of stay: September 2017,3.0
1090,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1095-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,A Four Star Hotel,"I stayed here twice on two visits to London during a two week adventure trip in July, 2017.  I came and stayed 4 days and then left, went to Amsterdam, and came back for 4 days.  This hotel is clean, comfortable and in a great location.  It's next to the London Paddington train station which will take you anywhere in Europe.  I used the hotel as a jumping off point for me to go to several places including, Amsterdam.  But the hotel is highly recommended.  I ate in the hotel for breakfast and I had a drink and snacks in the afternoon (which were complimentary).   The room was large, spacious, quiet and just right for me.  I will definitely return.  Travelers can get to this hotel directly from Paddington Station but you have to find your way and it is not so clearly marked.  It's…",Date of stay: July 2017,4.0
1091,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1095-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,So good to stay ,After a very long flight from Sydney to Heathrow via Hong Kong I arrived at Paddington station using the Heathrow Express. The hotel was right at the station which made dragging luggage not such a chore.  The staff worked to have my room ready to check in earlier as I was very tired.  The luggage room cheerfully held my luggage until check in.  As I had booked a single room I thought I would have a very small space. Not the case! A comfortable queen sized bed and a full bathroom were very much appreciated.  Dinner was delicious soup with a bread roll as I was too weary to eat.  The breakfast is wonderful with every conceivable style of breakfast available. The staff are attentive and helpful.  The Hilton also is so central to Kensington gardens and Hyde Park.  The hotel has…,Date of stay: September 2017,5.0
1092,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1095-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Hilton London Paddington is a great place to stay.,"The hotel is attached to Paddington Station.  We were able to take the Heathrow Express right to the station and walk to our hotel in two minutes.  There is also an underground station that is maybe 100 feet across the street which gives you access to all of London.  We stayed GWR tower that had a separate lounge that really was great.  There was a made to order breakfast available daily as well as cocktails including beer, wine, assorted cocktails and hors d'oeuvres every evening.  The rooms were very spacious for London and the bathrooms had a separate tub and shower.  I also do not like the strong European coffee so I was delighted to see a Starbucks attached to the hotel",Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
1093,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1095-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Stay here if you don't any terrible service. ,Visited London and decided to stay here due to the location. Since the plan was to tour Europe we bought an extra piece of luggage with us.  The idea was to leave it with the hotel when we checked out and pick up upon our return back to London during our second check in. We called the hotel 1 week before to make sure it was ok. They reviewed both reservations and confirm it was fine to leave with the hotel for 9 days. On the day of the check out Wojciech Urbanczyk from the hotel claimed this is out of their policy and would not be able to hold the extra piece of luggage. When told that I called in to confirmed prior to arrival wojciech asked who I spoke with.  I told them I called the hotel number listed on my reservation and that a name was not taken.  He didn't care to help…,Date of stay: September 2017,1.0
1094,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1095-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Brilliant Tower Wing,I am a diamond Hilton member so I have seen a lot of Hilton’s. The new Tower Wing in this hotel is outstanding. It took my breath away when I saw the room and the facilities such as the exec lounge are just the best that I have seen in any Hilton.  I like the Hilton Metropole but I love this place. If you want a really good hotel room in West London then the Tower Wing in this hotel is the best place to say.  I will be staying here from now on.,Date of stay: September 2017,5.0
1095,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1100-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,great location,"I have stayed at this Hilton several times. I think it is a great location to get around London..Trains and tube. also taxi and walking. It may sound strange to stay in a train station but it is out but still in,,I moved all around the city and only dealt with the rain when I ventured out on to the streets...also so easy for the Heathrow express to and from airport....First timers should experience this...it will make it easy for you,,,book early and you can find a deal...",Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
1096,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1100-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Good visit ,Booked via booking.com and Hilton staff struggled to find booking but worked it out. Very helpful with suggestions for local parking and lending us an adapter we'd forgotten. No problems at all. Watch out if you even move anything in the mini bar as it automatically adds it to your bill (weight sensors in the fridge; I had no idea). We moved some things to put our own wine in to chill. When we explained they were fine about it and took it all off the bill. Very clean and comfortable. TV picture wasn't clear but I'm struggling to find anything else. ,Date of stay: September 2017,5.0
1097,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1100-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Comfortable and convenient,I stayed there because I like Hiltons - esp. their beds - and after an overnight flight I would be  in need of sleep.  The Heathrow express parks practically at the Hotel door. The staff is kind and helpful.  The rooms are excellent.,Date of stay: September 2017,5.0
1098,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1100-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Do not stay here - beware the bait and switch,"Had one night in London on the way back to the states and splurged on a terrace suite - see picture from website - booked this room over four months ago and when arrived was thanked for being Hilton gold but told the room I had prepaid was not available.... please note there was no manager to explain this - the girl working the front desk went in back...came out and just shrugged.... I'm shocked- offended and feel ripped off - Would not recommend for the price- they provided a ""suite"" which included a living area with no windows a view of the roof a subpar bathroom and pillows that smell of dirty hair.... Better places to stay in London for the significant cost...",Date of stay: September 2017,1.0
1099,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1100-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Weekend Treat in London ,Very convenient to treat ourselves and come off the train from Swansea at London and go straight into the elegant hallway for check in to the hotel. Good access for disabled to the hotel via lift from the station platform and from the underground. Front Entrance to Praed Street gives access to taxis and to local restaurants and shops. Staff very friendly and helpful. Only slight downside were lack of automatic opening doors from the entrance from the Station. Breakfast served on Ground Floor. Executive Lounge if you have a Gold Card. Complimentary drinks and snacks served from 6pm to 11pm and open for complimentary breakfast from 6.30am to 10.30am. Worth treating yourselves!,Date of stay: September 2017,4.0
1100,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1105-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Really good," The hotel is right on Paddington Station. We used it twice during our stay - once after we flew into Gatwick as our train next day was from the station.  And second time for 2 nights on our way home as we could use the Heathrow Express easily. There is a lift and escalators directly from the station shopping court to the hotel door. We know London as we used to live there and it was a great place to base ourselves. Underground is next door, buses to main tourist and shopping areas (23 and 7) are outside. Paddington Basin is worth a look. The Ya hala Lebanese restaurant in nearby London Street is a legend. Lots of shops in the station.   Now to the hotel-  On our second stay-  Check in was very good. Very welcoming. We had booked an Executive room and were upgraded to a Tower…",Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
1101,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1105-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Expensive but oridnary,At the price - over 200 pounds I was expecting something exciting but it wasn't any different to a night in a travellodge - the room was a ridiculously long walk away from reception- everything very functional but clearly I need to lowered my expectations in future ,Date of stay: August 2017,3.0
1102,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1105-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Two night stay,"We had an early flight to catch from Heathrow so was looking for an easy connection.  The Hotel has a side entrance to Paddington station, which is where the Heathrow express goes from, so it was an ideal hotel for us to have a couple of days in London then zip off to Heathrow early in the morning.",Date of stay: August 2017,4.0
1103,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1105-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great sleep and so convenient!,"To be honest, I booked this hotel for a family vacation because the hotels closer to the centre were all booked.  One can not stroll out of the hotel to see sites nor find many good restaurants.  But one CAN quickly get anywhere.  The room was great; high ceilings, more room than I expected and comfortable queen size beds.  We had no view -- just an air shaft but that was ok.  I requested early check-in and was able to check into the room at 11 am after we arrived from our red-eye flight.  Just what a jet-lagged family needed.  And the concierges (vs the doormen who step in when needed) really did their best to be helpful, especially Mario. The breakfast was great and while expensive -- worthwhile.  Gym was adequate, nothing more. It was a great launching pad for our vacation.",Date of stay: August 2017,4.0
1104,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1105-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Lunch ,"Beautiful hotel, attentive waiting staff. Went to have lunch which was on offer at the Brassiere for £17.90 this consisted of a two course meal with a glass of wine. Had the fish & chips and pear tartan which was delicious and accompanied with a chilled glass of white wine. Great offer, lovely tasty fresh delicious food including the minestrone soup which is best soup we have tasted. Overall beautiful hotel in a great location. Thank you to our attentive lovely waitress. ",Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
1105,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1110-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Avoid The Hilton Paddington,"I have stayed at many Hilton hotels but this was like staying at Faulty Towers. This hotel needs an upgrade, especially the cooling system.  My experiance included, dirty rooms at checkin, air conditioning that didn't work. Toilets not stocked with toilet paper, lifts that don't work, business lounge that is empty of food and drink on Sundays and checkout charges for stuff we never used. The staff were excellent and the breakfast was everything you should expect from the chain.",Date of stay: August 2017,1.0
1106,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1110-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great Place to start your tour of London,"This hotel offer a wide arrangement of transportation and friendly staff to help you with your travel plans. The shops in the station offer a quick lunch, and shopping for clothes. Plan to use this hotel as a base for travel on the GWN",Date of stay: August 2017,4.0
1107,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1110-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Excellent, this time! ","Fourth year in a row at this hotel and  the stay this time was way better than the last year.  All the gaps that needed tonne fixed had been fixed. The room was excellent, check in and check out were flawless, concierge was wonderful handling the baggage. Also extended the check out by 2 hours without any additional fee. The complimentary internet access in the room was great too so was the room service (which had earlier mentioned will take 45 minutes to deliver the food but did that in under 30 minutes).  I have mentioned in my earlier reviews but repeating again- this hotel offers excellent connectivity to Oxford Street/Regent Street/Trafalgar Square (by Bus nos 7 and 23), Tower Bridge, St Pancras, Westminster, Trafalgar Square via Embankment, Victoria (by the Circle Line…",Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
1108,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1110-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Over priced hotel,","Old wing needs major renovations its to gloomy need to upgrade the hallways,hotel should improve front reception to be more friendly and interact with guest regularly we stayed 10days not even once anyone has greeted us from the reception area",Date of stay: August 2017,2.0
1109,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1110-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Fantastic Stay @Hilton Paddington,"We will definitely stay here on our next trip to London. The Heathrow Express was convenient, easy and a fast trip directly to the hotel. The hotel is part of Paddington Station which also has access to the tube, trains, grocery stores, restaurants, bars and shopping. Which is nice if it is raining. However, we had fantastic weather on our stay, but it was still nice to have all these amenities so close. We enjoyed a few pubs around the hotel-Sawyers Arm and Victoria.  If you love Indian food you will love Noor Jahan II which is right down the street. Salt and Honey next to Noor Jahan was great too! Now getting to the hotel. We stayed in a GWR Tower room with a king bed that was very comfortable with down pillows. The room was spacious and nicely decorated. We loved the tall…",Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
1110,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1115-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Decent stay for Business,"I stayed in this hotel for 2 nights and attended a business summit in the hotel audi in 2015. While the hotel is in prime location of central London, it provides a decent stay for business travelers. Cozy & tidy room adds to the luxury of the stay. The hotel bar is very good which provided us the drinks we preferred even at midnight. The only feedback to the hotel would be on 'not so good' food quality. While it had stand-by Indian cuisine buffet for lunch both the days, the spicy type of the Indian food can be cooked better. Room Wifi worked fine after finding out the password through a search and connecting it (which took a bit time).  Thank you for an overall decent experience whilst we enjoyed the stay in the heart of central London. Best wishes.",Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
1111,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1115-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Ideal locale,"This was the ideal locale while in London.  Not only was it in a great location and close to nearby restaurants and locations but it was an excellent hotel.  Reception & concierge services were so helpful.  They allowed us to check our luggage ahead of check in time which was immensely kind.  With a referral from the concierge, we were  able to eat locally which was wonderful until check in & take in some sights.  The tube was close by and the Heathrow express is so conveniently located inside the hotel.  Our tickets were even arranged by the concierge- fantastic!!  The Heathrow express being right there made our depart a breeze.  The Hilton Paddington also had air conditioning which is so, so nice as not many of the hotels have A.C.  Thank you for that amenity, it made for a…",Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
1112,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1115-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Over priced poor quality,"280 pounds a night for a run down beat up room. No way this is a quality hotel. I'd rate it 2 star max!! Forget Internet access too, this really is a true 1970's experience!! Oh, a lot of the staff struggle with English and the executive lounge is dirty with a shockingly poor breakfast.",Date of stay: August 2017,2.0
1113,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1115-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Step onto paddington express,"Nice hotel, good room, good breakfast, can't beat the convenience for getting to Heathrow. Just walk to the train without having to go outside. Only sad point is the really loud bar, with remarkably uncomfortable seating. Next time I'll go somewhere else for my whiskey.",Date of stay: August 2017,4.0
1114,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1115-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Fabulous stay,"We stayed at this hotel due to it being the closest to paddington station but hadn't realised you can actually access it from within the station and then getting to the tube too so no getting wet if raining!! So fantastic location for everywhere. The room we were kindly upgraded to an executive double was huge and well laid out, with complimentary snacks and drinks in a room overlooking the station itself. Staff very helpful and friendly. Hotel itself is beautiful inside. Only fault I could see was the hot water took a very long time to come through to the shower and we were only on the 1st floor! Apart from that everything was great and we will return. ",Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
1115,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1120-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,The worst hotel I've ever visited. And definitely not the cheapest.,"I booked this hotel for a conference that was held in the same location. I have however expected so many problems that clearly I can say it was my worst hotel experience I've ever had:  - the credit card used for booking was required for presentation at the counter. My stay was booked by the company and I did not have this credit card. I had several bookings done by this company but it was first hotel which denied the payment. Had to pay it from private money.  - when I entered my room (it was pretty cold outside), the window was wide open (most likely for hours/days) and temeprature was really low  - heating was not working and I needed to argue for HOURS to get it fixed - my first answer was ""we need a part that's not available so it may take some days"", had to escalate it…",Date of stay: November 2016,1.0
1116,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1120-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Good location,"Very good location for a hotel next to Paddington station.  The hotel staff were very attentive throughout the stay and we found plenty of amenities nearby.  The room had a dated decor; however, it was very clean and comfortable.  I think some parts of the hotel could also do with some updating.  The room was a good size and the TV received channels in various languages although image quality was questionable on some of these.  Breakfast was well provisioned with plenty of choice. The only thing that let it down was the chef in the egg section was not very polite and needed some training in customer service.  This is a shame as all the other staff were excellent.  I would stay here again.",Date of stay: August 2017,4.0
1117,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1120-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great Location,Stayed for one night while attending a retirement celebration. We stayed in a superior double room and superior is a very good description of the room. Comfortable king size bed and a bathroom well up to Hilton standards. Considering this hotel is virtually on top of Paddington station there was no noise at all.  Just had a bar meal for lunch. Food quality and service were both excellent.,Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
1118,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1120-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Stay for convenience nothing else,We stayed at this hotel on our return trip to London from a week vacation in Scotland. We chose this hotel because of our early flight and it's proximity to the Heathrow Express at Paddington Station. The staff were friendly and very prompt in getting a roll away for our son. We had a suite and the extra room space was nice. The beds were fine and the room was clean but the hotel room and hallways were extremely dated with odd rusty red tile and fake wood on the sink and tub in the bathroom. If you're looking for a convenient hotel to get you in and out of London easily then stay here but know there are amazing hotels in this price point that offer a much better over night experience. I hope they renovate soon!,Date of stay: August 2017,3.0
1119,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1120-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Conveniently located Hilton property,"This Hilton hotel is conveniently connected with Paddington station, it has a separate entrance to the station. The hotel itself seems to be more or less up to date, at least the rooms I have stayed in, however I am under the impression not all rooms are the same. Breakfast buffet is of good standards",Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
1120,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1125-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Clean & Great Pillows,As are all Hilton Hotels it was spotlessly clean - the mattresses and pillows were perfect.  I always feel safe and at home at all Hilton Hotels or any of the other Hotels they own. I only book at Hilton Hotels,Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
1121,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1125-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Nice hotel, great for Paddington, but pricey","Stayed here on business for a night. A very good, clean and plush hotel, perfectly positioned for an early start away from Paddington in the morning. Obviously a favourite with tourists too. Impressive place, great building and breakfast, but pricey even by London standards. ",Date of stay: June 2017,3.0
1122,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1125-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"In serious needs of updates, not a great choice","There is really only one reason you should consider this hotel:  you are traveling on a train out of Paddington station with lots of bags and need maximum convenience.  That was the circumstance I found myself in--needing to get to Heathrow in the morning with a lot of luggage.  For that specific purpose, this hotel could not be better located--its literally part of the train station, with the platforms just an elevator ride away.  However, every other aspect of this hotel is lacking.  First and foremost, this is a really dated property that is in serious need of renovation.  At one time, I'm sure it was quite grand, but that time has passed.  Because it is an old hotel, there are all sorts of shapes and sizes for rooms, but both rooms I was in were musty and dated.  The first…",Date of stay: April 2017,2.0
1123,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1125-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great location ,"My husband and I stayed three nights here at the end of our 15 day trip. Our first night was in a regular room. It was fine but WiFi was not free. Pretty room, though. The next two nights were spent in a tower room. We enjoyed the large room, free WiFi and Tower Club benefits. We had cocktails in the evening and some snacks and a great breakfast in the morning. Great guys in the 7th floor club!!!",Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
1124,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1125-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Not great value for money....,"Our booking was last minute for an unscheduled stop over due to a delayed flight and we arrived at the hotel around 10pm with just enough time for a nightcap then bed and, therefore, I cannot comment in great detail in respect of our stay as we had no opportunity for dining, using any hotel facilities or for taking a good nose about. What I can say, however, from our personal stay, the hotel is extremely convenient for Paddington, we were not required to leave the station in order to gain entrance. Check in was okay, if not slightly slower than average to attend to us and, as we used the fast track on departure, I am not fully qualified, in this instance, to make full comment on the service from reception. The service in the brasserie, both for our nightcap order and breakfast…",Date of stay: August 2017,3.0
1125,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1130-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Comfortable well located hotel,"The Hilton London Paddington  is well located with friendly and efficient staff.  Stayed two separate nights there before and after flying from Heathrow airport.  Excellent location, with direct stairs/elevator to station/underground from hotel lobby.  Thames link express from station to Heathrow - 15 minutes.  Good transport links to all of London from this base.  Hotel with character and history but modern amenities and good food.",Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
1126,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1130-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Great location, disappointed otherwise.","Stayed there for a week on a business trip. Let me highlight a few good things first:   Given it is at Paddington station, great location... very good connectivity, easy to get around, good restaurants, Hyde park in walking distance. Good Indian restaurant and decent breakfast buffet spread.   I've stayed at Hilton in many places, this by far was the disappointing experience... it just didn't feel like a 4 star Hilton property. From reception to the room, everything felt unwelcoming. No information was provided on checking until specifically asked for. The room, corridors felt dated and need attention/maintenance. Lifts are super slow and at time waited as much as 10-15 min.. Broken bathroom tubs/showers head was very old and need maintenance.  It gives me a feeling that hotel…",Date of stay: June 2017,3.0
1127,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1130-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,great location,"This is a typical hilton hotel but what makes it great is its location. you can access the hotel via the paddington train terminal. its also 10 min walk to Hyde park. They also recommend an amazing india restaurant walking distance from the hotel. For these reasons I say its very good. but the rooms are a typical hilton room.  we checked in very late and my son was hungry, even though hilton has 24 hour room service they only had cold sandwiches but the chef made us a hot burger. So The service is great, thank you again for accommodating us.",Date of stay: April 2017,4.0
1128,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1130-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Overrated,-poor for a 4 star hotel overall  -housekeeping tried to come in at 8am when I was asleep. They knocked and then tried to open the door (thankfully it was locked)  -staff that I encountered in general were not fully competent for basic hotel issues   -very overpriced for what you get (thankfully I was not paying!),Date of stay: August 2017,2.0
1129,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1130-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Decent hotel in a great location,"The location here is excellent. Formerly the Great Western Roayl Hotel it is part of the station complex with an entrance in the station itself. Aside from location this is a decent Hilton property with everything you would expect from them. The building is old though and this does show in areas where a little re-fresh could improve the rooms (and the lifts are very slow). And even though this property has a high capacity, the rooms are a good size and have very comfortable beds. The front desk staff were also very helpful.",Date of stay: August 2017,4.0
1130,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1135-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Location Location,"If you are coming from Heathrow and only have a few days (or less) then how can you beat getting off the train at Paddington and 1 min later being in the hotel via direct access from the station (look for M&S, Boots and the entrance is above the stores).   Grand old hotel. Good service as expected from a 5 star Hilton property. The hotel however needs a refurbishment as it is showing its age.   When stepping out of the lift onto the floor we staid on, it felt very dated. The room are well appointed and the bed was amazingly comfortable. Good shower pressure (which I love).   The location is good. On top of a tube station. Perfect. Lots of restaurants in the area. Easy walk the Kensington Gardens and Hyde Park and then over to Natural History Museum then down the Harrods, over to…",Date of stay: August 2017,4.0
1131,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1135-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Excellent hotel,"Of the 3 Hilton hotels in the area, this is the top one.  Tower rooms are best.  Service is very good.  Room is well appointed, clean and bright.  Highly recommended for any type of stay. I had an excellent meal in the dining room.",Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
1132,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1135-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Could not have been any worse,"The bathroom flooded twice, light bulbs were burned out and not replaced (notified the front desk of both of these issues). The terrace had a broken emergency exit door and a giant mushroom growing on one of the flower pots, and (as it was the night of my wedding) a friend left a bottle of champagne to be delivered to my room and the front desk forgot to deliver it.",Date of stay: July 2017,1.0
1133,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1135-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Well located business person hotel with a bit of old world charm,"This is a well located hotel with everything a business traveler to London would want but also good for tourists. It is literally above the Paddington tube and train station and the Heathrow Express drops you right off here. There are 3 or 4 tube lines running through here and the National Rail Service (not sure which lines) so you can get anywhere from here by just walking down a level from the hotel. The check in staff was very accommodating, allowing us to check in from our red eye flight before the appointed time because they had a room ready. The room was standard but large by European standards, the bed was very comfortable but the feather pillows were old and smooshy with no support so we had to stack 2. The bathroom was fine. Our toilet didn't work and the front desk…",Date of stay: July 2017,5.0
1134,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1135-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Bad Experiences,"Extremely poor services with the bad attitude receptionists. No service mind and no manner. I am an HHonors member and paid THB10,000 (appx $280) but I was charged for in room wifi. I am also a regular guest. I came to stay here  every trip in the UK. Very very disappointed!!",Date of stay: August 2017,2.0
1135,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1140-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Saturday night,"We booked this hotel to stay in after a theatre trip. We wanted somewhere close to Paddington & this hotel was bang on! You don't even need to leave Paddington station. There is a handy entrance up one level on an escalator  (lift also available) next to the station shops. Perfect base. The staff were efficient & friendly. We really liked our Tower room. Great size, gorgeous bed (so comfortable), lovely bathroom. All very clean. Air con great. Big windows so lots of natural light. Very impressed. Will stay again. ",Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
1136,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1140-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Nice room,"the room itself was lovely and clean with mini fridge, well lit, nice bathroom also the curtains don't let in one bit of light in the morning so you get a lovely sleep. Staff not very polite and some i don't think knew very good english but other than that a pleasant stay 👍🏻",Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
1137,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1140-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Wonderful,"Stayed here for 2 nights with family so had 3 rooms in total - all immaculately clean, helpful staff and gorgeous breakfast. Located right opposite tube station and within walls of train station so easy access and I didn't hear ANY trains ! Fabulous hotel.",Date of stay: July 2017,5.0
1138,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1140-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Worst excuse for a 4star hotel- more like a 2star guest house! AWFUL!!!,"I have years of experience staying in London 4 & 5 star hotels for my business and leisure stays (as well as more budget 3star varieties on occasion when location requires it), and I have to say this was the WORST excuse for a 4star hotel EVER. I would have rather stayed in a small b&b / 3star guesthouse - as the attention, care, and service would have been FAR better than this poor excuse for a Hilton- simply awful! The reception staff are cold, unwelcoming, unfriendly, with a ""couldn't care less"" attitude- simply not acceptable for a prestigious 4star Hilton establishment! Guests upon checkin are made to feel like they are in a queue at the salvation army- just bland and unwelcoming! No information about the amenities, nor where breakfast was served, etc, and not even one…",Date of stay: August 2017,1.0
1139,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1140-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,There are better places to stay in London,"I understand that early check-in is subject to availability. Nevertheless, it is utterly unacceptable that the hotel did not deliver the rooms at 15:00 h, and made us wait well more than half an hour. Staff was rude and did not even have the courtesy of informing us rooms were ready -- we had to chase them. For a pricey stay, you do the math and tell me the robbery Hilton is doing by charging us by rooms that were not delivered.  Hotel did not provide a functional shower (broken shower head, slow drainage) and the staff ignored the requests to fix it during our stay.",Date of stay: July 2017,1.0
1140,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1145-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Location, Cleanliness, Services","The Paddington is steps away from the Heathrow Express and the Underground and food vendors as well as a restaurant and lounges in the hotel. My wife and I made use of the Underground to see as much of London as we wanted. Our room was well appointed, clean with a super nice bed. What a great base point for a trip to London. The concierge services were superior. Easy in and easy out. Will make all of our future stays at the Hilton Paddington.",Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
1141,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1145-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Location, location, location","When you're looking for convenience and price isn't too much of an issue, then the Paddington Hilton is the place to stay. Flying in to Heathrow and then taking the Heathrow Express in to London literally drops you 100 yards from the entrance to the hotel without having to leave the station. It was so easy for my family and I to get off the Express and wheel our luggage up the escalator and into the hotel lobby. Believe me, I've been to London before where I've either had to walk several blocks with my luggage while dodging tourists and taxis or have had to lug all my stuff onto the tube and go up and down escalators in a crowded underground towing a heavy suitcase. Staying here makes it easy. The hotel itself is nice - it's clean, comfortable and very much like a Hilton in any…",Date of stay: June 2017,4.0
1142,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1145-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"COMFORTABLE BEDS, EXCELLENT EXECUTIVE LOUNGE","We enjoyed a two night stay at the Hilton Hotel, Paddington and found the services excellent.  There was a delay checking in due to the number of guests at reception.  The Executive Lounge is a superb idea, the ""happy hour"" between 6 and 8 offsets the fairly expensive stay",Date of stay: July 2017,4.0
1143,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1145-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Great Location ,","Hilton in Praed St is over the top of Paddington Station ...... with access from the rear of the hotel straight into the station ..   From check out at the hotel to the check in at the Airport terminal 3 , was 25 minutes.... ... the best way to start of finish a trip using London as the gateway . I would recommend to stay at the Hilton .. its not cheap , but you save on taxis and time .   Location location location .... many good restaurants within 5 minutes walk of the front door.  breakfast buffet is very good ... the place is tidy .  The only issue was checking in  ,,, not enough staff or computers to check in more then two people that I could see .  Concierge are very helpful and great to get local insight to goings on......",Date of stay: July 2017,4.0
1144,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1145-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,very good,The hotel is very good to stay in with a great location to trains and bus services. The staff are polite and friendly. Room is comfortable and cleaned and the right time. Breakfast was of good standard. It was easy to get around london from the hotel location. I look forward to staying there again.,Date of stay: July 2017,4.0
1145,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1150-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Excellent location,"My train stop was Paddington Railway station, my week´s business was also at the venue and a simple 5 minute walk to reception - could not be better. Swift check in and a good sized room for London on the top 6th floor. Quiet and clean but the TV reception was not good by today´s standards. In addition the choice of channels was ridiculously poor. Good wifi made up for this disappointment. Breakfast was excellent though busy and noisy after 8am. The Business facilities and seminar rooms are excellent with super efficient service. And if only for the latter I will use the hotel again.",Date of stay: July 2017,3.0
1146,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1150-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great location,"We were very lucky enough to be offered an early check in which after a long haul flight was accepted with delight. The room was small, but clean. There was a hot water issue the following morning as two floors were affected however it was dealt with well.  The location was perfect as only a few minuts walk from the station.",Date of stay: July 2017,4.0
1147,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1150-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great Location and Great Service in London,"I had the family trip to London and I stay in this hotel for 4 nights.  This hotel is beside the Paddington Station in which go from and return to Heathrow Airport via Heathrow Express is make my trip more convenient.   For the room size, it is OK and all you need for the room, it is equipped.  Staffs are nice and very support for your request with smile.  And the important thing is good location in which easy for you to either using train, underground, or taxi.  There are lots of restaurants around the hotel.  Overall, if I be back to London again, this hotel shall be my only choice.  Warning: Please beware to move any drink from refri, it shall be automatically charge.  Anyhow, you could inform front desk when check-out to cancel the charge.",Date of stay: July 2017,5.0
1148,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1150-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great location,"We chose the hotel due to the excellent location. You can walk directly in to the hotel from the heathrow express. There is the paddington tube in the same location.   Checkin could have been better, the lady that handled it looked like she did not really care for us. She told us dhe would not accept my honors card either as we didnt register via them (has not been an issue before).   Room was small but ok.   Breakfast was ok although could have been a larger sortiment available. ",Date of stay: July 2017,3.0
1149,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1150-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Terrible room.,How should I begin the list the bad things about this hotel:  Hot room.   Thick thick blankets  No sheets Flat pillows.   Useless staff.   No breakfast  No coffee.  (The Instant garbage in the room doesn't count) Extremely pricey - even by London standards  And I'm Hilton Honors!!  (Or was) Who knows what you'd get if you were some average schmuck off the street here!!,Date of stay: July 2017,1.0
1150,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1155-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great Location & Room,"Close to Paddington Station making travel to LHR and other places convenient. Came in late after train delayed--so glad close by. Large room, clean, and large bathroom. Lots of outlets. Tricky to navigate within hotel to get to room but easy once we figured it out. ",Date of stay: July 2017,4.0
1151,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1155-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great Location,"I was very happy with the rooms and service at this Hilton. The location of this hotel is excellent for travelling in London. The entrance is outside Paddington Station, and there is a back door entrance directly from the station, use the lift opposite platforms 3-4 and go to Level 1. It is easy to access from Heathrow as well as using the London tube. This hotel is in the old Great Western Railway hotel at Paddington Station and it has magnificent art deco features including  a beautiful 4 level staircase with exquisite features. Surprisingly for a hotel located within a train station and next to a hospital,  the rooms are quiet. The rooms are very generous in size and recently renovated in art deco styling. My room was an executive room on the 4th floor in the main part of the…",Date of stay: July 2017,5.0
1152,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1155-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Audrey,When we visited in June we found this hotel fantastic. Our room was great. The breakfast and dinner were very good . We found both the bus and train handy.  There were many restaurants near the hotel as well as a chemist and supermarket.There is also a laundromat handy.  ,Date of stay: June 2017,4.0
1153,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1155-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Very average stay for the price,"I stayed at the Hilton Paddington for one night in early June.  I have stayed here before as the location is very good. My bedroom was fine, was a good size with a comfortable bed, but the bathroom let it down.  When trying to use the shower, the shower head would not stay up on the rest and at one point fell down and hit me on the head.  I felt for the money I paid that this was unacceptable.  The shower was over the bath which is OK, but the shower head itself was very old and in need of maintenance.  I ate in the Brasserie and the food was nice.  The breakfast was standard for this class of hotel.  I don't usually write negative reviews, but feel that for what the Hilton charges, the state of the shower was unacceptable and I will be looking elsewhere next time I need to stay…",Date of stay: June 2017,3.0
1154,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1155-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Not bad but nothing special,"I stayed there for several days, room was ok but the heater did not work, thank god it wasn't cold. Housekeeping ladies and reception ppl are nice, gym was good, wifi ok. The best thing about this hotel is that it's right next to the train station and next to many restaurants, only a few minutes walking distance.",Date of stay: July 2017,4.0
1155,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1160-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Disappointed ,"Being a diamond member I was fortunately upgraded to a larger room. This was appreciated, Although the furnishings in the room is significantly outdated.   But the main complaint I have is to do with the air-conditioning. I had 4 nights of absolute horror with the air conditioning not Cooling at all. We brought this to the notice of the management and facilities team... The best they could provide us with was a fan   and say that due to too many people using the air conditioning in the hotel, it's not working effectively. The room was not getting cooled at all,. We had to sleep outside the bed sheets and hope some cool breezes filtered through the narrow window opening. Absolute ridiculous for a Hilton product that they are not able to provide decent air conditioning.   On this…",Date of stay: July 2017,3.0
1156,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1160-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Nine Days in London,"The Hilton Paddington was outstanding - great location, great staff and outstanding service.  Could not have felt more welcome and everyone from the front desk to the Concierge to the cleaning staff could not have been better.  We loved it - it's conveniently located and access to all parts of London are literally steps away - using the Tube.  It was terrific.  First time I've taken my family on a business trip to London.  Have stayed here several times and each time the experience has been positive.  Thank you.",Date of stay: July 2017,5.0
1157,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1160-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Fave hotel in London,Our family loves this hotel as its location is fantastic.  Decent sized rooms and May who works in the executive lounge is wonderful.  Some rooms can be noisy thus the 4 rating. We like being able to walk to many places from here and the Heathrow Express and underground being right there is so convenient.,Date of stay: July 2017,4.0
1158,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1160-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Convenient location, otherwise, it's very average.","We booked a GWR Tower exec room, and on arrival were ""upgraded"" to a queen suite in the old part of the hotel . We accepted that because it had 2 bathrooms and lots of space... and we were given access cards to BOTH of the executive lounges.  The GOOD: *Location of hotel at railway. So good for Heathrow Express, and the Underground. *Size of room, comfortable bed. *Quietness *A few of the staff (mostly Reception)  The AVERAGE: * The rest of the staff. * Food : *Breakfast (in exec lounges) is mostly precooked and kept warm, so it's pretty soggy and unexciting. *Lunch sandwiches are loaded with mayo. *Evening snacks are mostly fried, and again kept warm. The food seems to turn over quicker in the downstairs lounge. One night, everything we ate on the 7th floor lounge was almost…",Date of stay: July 2017,3.0
1159,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1160-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Excellent location, room big size","Best and excellent location EVER!! Room is very big! Excellent in room amenities and all staffs are very friendly.   Hotel located just above the train station, if you are taking the train to Other cities or just a short stay and needed to go airport with less luggage, you can choose this hotel, express train to airport only takes 15 mins but expected to do dome walking to your Terminal... quite a long walk...   Concierge very helpful, prompt and  knowledgeable! Thumbs up!!!  ",Date of stay: July 2017,5.0
1160,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1165-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great hotel located in a convenience spot,"Having to visit U.K. on business, I like to take a day or two off to visit the vibrant city of London.  The hotels are getting more expensive there, and not everyone is easy to get to via mass transportation and convenience, since the Underground is not always friendly to navigate when you have luggages.  I like this hotel since it is strategically located within London (Zone 1 for the Underground). One can get to the airport via the Heathrow express, which is a convenient and economical option when you travel alone (versus hiring a car or taking the Underground).  There are plenty of decent neighborhood restaurants if you want a quick bite.  It is an excellent for those travelers like me that value convenience.",Date of stay: July 2017,5.0
1161,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1165-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Not a summer hotel and mis-selling rooms,"You have to be careful with this hotel, they advertise room features that does not exist in their rooms! For example they say they have air conditioning but physically its there in the room but does not work, during the summer when its hot outside (23c) and sunny, inside the room it will be 26c with the AC on! all the rooms are the same, i have changed rooms multiple times to check the AC and its the same thing.   The same case with the heating, i stayed there previously at the winter and the heating from the same unite does not work properly but at least you can ask for another blanket to warm yourself, but during the summer there is pretty much nothing you can do. i have all this confirmed in emails - the hotel confirmed that they have an issue with the AC unit throughout the…",Date of stay: July 2017,2.0
1162,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1165-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Poor room, hotel not managed well","Pick the cheaper hotel up the road. This was a total let down. The room wasn't managed well - burned out lights and flooded bathroom from the AC (twice), lack of decent room service and attention. The staff are friendly, but customer service with regards to details is lacking. Don't ask for anything special.",Date of stay: July 2017,1.0
1163,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1165-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Good quality hotel right next to Paddington station,Nice hotel right next door to Paddington station so perfect for a short visit to London if arriving from Heathrow (Paddington Express to the airport is only 15 minutes).  Lots of nice restaurants close by and easily accessible to all other sites that London has to offer.  Room was a good size and breakfast was very good (if a little busy at peak times).  Staff were very friendly and helpful - even when it came to evacuating the building at 4am when the fire alarms went off!,Date of stay: July 2017,4.0
1164,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1165-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Our stay,The London Paddington Hilton was very convenient to the train station to the airport. In July it's very light out early and the drapes are not darkening drapes like in the states. Sun comes in. Clean. Very pricey. ,Date of stay: July 2017,4.0
1165,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1170-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Going the extra mile,Excellent customer service - Maria on reception - outstanding. Always consistent service at Hilton Paddington but some people go that extra mile. Room 1st class and you were made to feel special as a Hilton Honors member,Date of stay: July 2017,5.0
1166,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1170-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,25 minutes to Heathrow and still in the heart of the city,"The hotel is located ~25 minutes to Heathrow via the Heathrow Express (including the walk from the airport terminal to the train) and yet you can be in the in the heart of the city. Good train connections on the Tube as well.   Rooms were decent. Good service. Surrounding area wasn't great, but very convenient. ",Date of stay: July 2017,4.0
1167,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1170-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great spot for easy airport or city transport access,"I stayed here with my teenage children when we had a 24 hour layover in London. I chose this hotel as it helped maximise our time in London. We arrived late at night, had no issues checking in. The room was great, clean & comfortable for the 3 of us. We had a buffet breakfast the next morning which had a large array of dishes to choose from. We were able to leave our luggage while visiting the city sights which were all with easy reach of the hotel. It was very quick & easy to get to Heathrow from here especially when traveling with luggage and children. London is a very easy city to get around but I chose to stay here as I knew it had the footbridge to the Heathrow train and was a lot easier for me. The staff were courteous and helpful, the hotel was beautiful inside and the…",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
1168,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1170-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great stay in London with my Granddaughter,"We had no problems with the Hilton Paddington hotel, staff was very friendly and helpful. Breakfast was great and plentiful. Location was perfect and convenient with the station right there. Would definitely stay there again... it's not a Hilton you compare with Rome or Venice but it was good for what we wanted.",Date of stay: May 2017,5.0
1169,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1170-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Dated and overrated ,"A totally disappointing experience indeed. After requesting a check in between 12h00 and 13h00, I was told at 15h40 that my room was still not available. It was suddenly made available after throwing a mini tantrum to the very rude receptionist. The rooms are dated and in dire need of modernisation, the bathroom with a handheld shower is an insult to the price you pay per night. The noise throughout the hotel does not lend itself to a peaceful night's sleep either. The layout of the room is again dated and haphazard. The breakfast is simply unappetizing and so processed, although it is not priced as such. The only redeeming quality of this hotel was the concierge -they were excellence personified! ",Date of stay: July 2017,2.0
1170,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1175-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great,"We've stayed at this hotel yearly for the past 10 years and we have always been pleased. The rooms are very nice. The staff are friendly. There is a bar and restaurant and breakfast. It is an extremely good location for access to transport as it is above Paddington Train & Underground stations as well as the Heathrow Express train. As a Hilton Honors member I have, in the past, checked in at the Executive Lounge but this time tje young lady was not as efficient so I would suggest using the regular reception desk  (as we plan to do next time).  Overall, we would highly recommend this property.",Date of stay: July 2017,5.0
1171,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1175-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Another good stay,"We had an overnight room only stay on 6th July. All very satisfactory. We last stayed in March 2015 and returned this time because the previous stay was good. When visiting London we arrive and depart by mainline trains into and out of Paddington station so the hotel is very convenient and even if you arrive too early to check in, you can drop of luggage and then head for the tube to get on with your London visit.",Date of stay: July 2017,4.0
1172,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1175-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Nice experience ,"Very centrally located, decent standard rooms (not the small box rooms you see normally in the UK), has everything around it - best of all, the Heathrow express right next to the hotel, you have almost all the shops you need in the complex, Marks and Spencer's, Boots, Accesorize and what most of us love - Starbucks! There is a proper baggage storage service company too for a decent fee, so if you wanna say check out and go to the Lake District for a few days, you could leave your baggage with them. The hotel may consider keeping your baggage provided you have a reservation to come back for a stay in the next few days, which was helpful in my case. The staff was very friendly and the Indian Manager there was ever so helpful !   Nice place for the convenience ... will definitely…",Date of stay: May 2017,5.0
1173,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1175-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Convenient location, terribly overpriced","Stayed here during a heat wave; be advised the air conditioning is not adequate to cool the building or an individual room. Convenient location but horribly overpriced. Spent as much on a single night here as a weeklong stay in the countryside, with far less enjoyment. ",Date of stay: July 2017,3.0
1174,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1175-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Good Location / Ok rooms,"This hotel had pros and cons for us but might be great for you /  your family  Pros: - Location - across from Paddington Station and connected to stations with the fast train to the airport (huge bonus) - lots of shops and restaurant   Cons: - Dated / small room with bad HVAC. Had to get it fixed while we were there. - Breakfast as ""ok"" - Not great walkability...really need to take the underground to get places (i.e. Palace, London tower etc....) or taxi",Date of stay: April 2017,3.0
1175,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1180-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Disappointing,"We booked this hotel because it was a central location which made it easy to re-unite with old friends who we’d left behind in London.  Indeed, one of them booked into the hotel to spend some more time with us.  Although we’d paid for the room well in advance we had to wait a long time in Reception, in sweltering heat, to complete some paperwork (why have you got to fill in forms when you’ve already reserved and paid?) and, despite the Reception area being large, there were no convenient seats nearby so we, including someone behind me who was heavily pregnant, were kept standing for far too long.  The length of time to check in was exacerbated by the fact that the two Receptionists on duty had to answer ‘phones while carrying out the check in process.   The hotel is generally…",Date of stay: July 2017,2.0
1176,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1180-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Pleasantly surprised!,"I have avoided this hotel,previously thinking, wrongly, that it was just a station hotel.  We were pleasantly surprised by the quality of the room, food and staff.  I would particularly like to thank the breakfast staff who en masse sang Happy Birthday and gave me a celebratory plate complete with candle this morning!",Date of stay: July 2017,4.0
1177,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1180-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,super location and very good service,It's only 30 minutes from London Heathrow Airport by Heayhrow Express train including walking from the train station. It's right at the Paddington train station. The metro/Tube/subway train is right there too. Excellent location for travellers flying in and out from Heathrow. Paddington train station serves cities south west of England and southern Wales. The hotel's staff service  is excellent. The B and F manager in the executive lounge provided highly professional and excellent service at breakfast and throughout the day. Tea service is served in the afternoon in the lounge too.  The concierge's desk staff is very helpful with arrangements. Totally enjoyed the stay.,Date of stay: June 2017,5.0
1178,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1180-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Love This Hotel!!,"My husband and I stayed here for 4 nights while recently visiting London. We could not have picked a better place to stay. The staff was very welcoming, informative, and efficient upon check in and through out our stay. We LOVED the location as it is connected directly to the Paddington Train Station and Tube which made getting around so easy. The station also has a M and S; Pret A Manger, and Boots right there.   Mr Kaci the bellman/porter could not have been more helpful or friendly. He even helped with our luggage to the Heathrow Express which wasn't easy given our 4 bags :) . We stayed in the older part of the hotel one night and then decided we liked the modern tower rooms much better. The rooms are lovely and well equipped with anything you may need. Prices very reasonable…",Date of stay: July 2017,5.0
1179,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1180-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,I'd stay someplace else,This hotel was a huge disappointment. The staff are terrible. They don't listen to their guests -- they just talk right over them without hearing what a guest is asking for. They're rude in all sorts of ways. And the restaurant is just terrible. The room itself was fine - comfortable and clean. But you can find a comfortable and clean room in lots of hotels in London for the same price or better without having to deal with a terrible staff. I would defintely go someplace else.,Date of stay: July 2017,2.0
1180,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1185-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Never again!,"I use to visit London in business quite often and decided, this time, to try the Hilton Paddington due to its location, which is very good with direct access from the airport express train arrival gate. The room was quite comfortable, but...  On the second day there was a shortage of cold water. After repairing it, the water flow at the toilet became too small, so, as a couple, after the first use the toilet just did not became available for second use. Our stay was of 10 days lenght. I complained to the housekeeping and to the reception during 4 consecutive days, without result. Well, we gave up and keep flushing the toilet using the trash bin as a water bucket!  My business was longer than expected and I need to use the laundry. My shirt was terribly ironed and I had to ask…",Date of stay: July 2017,3.0
1181,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1185-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Liked it!,I stayed in Hilton Paddington for a business and vacation. Location is great - I used Heathrow Express and how easy it was! Just a few steps from the train and you are in hotel lobby. Staff was very friendly. Breakfast was good and room was nice. I would stay again.,Date of stay: May 2017,5.0
1182,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1185-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great place to stay,"Very friendly service, especially the concierge who had to collect some of items I had forgotten in my room at the time of check-out. The room was very comfortable, tea/coffee making facilities, toiletries. Very convenient for traveling to and from Heathrow. I'd definitely return to this hotel again. This was my third time here. ",Date of stay: July 2017,5.0
1183,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1185-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great Stay,"Stayed at Paddington Hilton on Friday 30th June for one night, from the moment we arrived the service received was friendly and very efficient. Room was lovely and clean. Location superb for getting around. Breakfast amazing good gluten free options available. Will definately be back!",Date of stay: July 2017,5.0
1184,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1185-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Conveniently located but a not the best place to stay,"Yes! The other reviews are right. This hotel is  brilliantly located in London. The hotel is right next to Padding Station and even boasts an entrance in the actual station. Coming from Heathrow via Heathrow Express, it couldn't be more convenient. For those of you who would usually stay at the Apex hotels, Novotel, Doubletree or even Marriott, this hotel is a let-down. Yes, the building is old and may pose its challenges but this is clearly visible in the hotel. Reception, bar, restaurant are fine  but the room floors are plain sad. Walls desperately need a refresher and seem not to have been touched for years. Rooms are spacious and adequate but the bathroom is outdated and could use refurbishment.   Biggest let-down though is staff. Everybody is grumpy and gloomy. A…",Date of stay: July 2017,3.0
1185,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1190-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Excellent location,"We stayed for two nights in a family room and had a very comfortable stay. The rooms are well-appointed with plenty of outlets for charging devices and the beds were very comfortable. The bathroom was large, very clean, and had plenty of towels and toiletries. There was a very useful mini-bar and safe in the room for storing important items. The room was at the back of the hotel with an outlook towards the station and it was very quiet. We did not eat breakfast at the hotel but the lounge was very nice with plenty of staff on hand to help. The location is really excellent with easy links on the main railway, underground, and bus stops nearby. The location is ideal if you want to get back to Heathrow for an early flight on the Heathrow Express as there is a door from the hotel…",Date of stay: July 2017,4.0
1186,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1190-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Best Hotel in London,Great location at the end of the Heathrow Express train and a London Underground connection.  We used the Underground to visit sights in London and had a wonderful sightseeing adventure. The hotel is historic yet very modern.  We enjoyed walking the neighborhood around the hotel as well.  The Concierge was very helpful in recommending an authentic fish and chips experience right around the corner.,Date of stay: July 2017,5.0
1187,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1190-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Brilliant Location ,"This hotel is worth the pricey price tag for the superb location alone. The room was lovely and the bed was really comfortable but it really is the location that makes this hotel shine. We were able to get off the tube and go straight to the hotel from the station, we walked to and from a gig at Hyde Park (about 15 mins each way) and it was so nice to be able to check out 20 mins before our train was due to leave from the station. A really good hotel to use as a base for exploring London. We would definitely stay here again. ",Date of stay: July 2017,4.0
1188,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1190-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Terrific location,"Really great location above Paddington Station with Heathrow Express train and the London Underground on your doorstep.  Stayed for 5 nights in a Queen Suite for a family of 3, 2 bathrooms and massive amount of space.  Access to the Executive Lounge was great, used it for breakfast, afternoon tea and pre-dinner drinks.  Surprisingly good cooked breakfast, ask for omelettes or fried  eggs. May was very good at looking after us.  Dinner in 146 Paddington was a nice change from the local restaurants. Would definitely stay here again.  The Tube can't be beaten for travelling around London.",Date of stay: June 2017,4.0
1189,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1190-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,London city break ,To say I've stayed in a couple of Hilton Hotels I was less the impressed with this one! Very pretentious staff upon arrival not the most friendly welcome when you have paid £122 for one nights stay! She then told me I had to leave £50 as I was booked with an agent (Me being the agent) I asked why and she said it was for the mini bar! I told her we would not be using the mini bar so she said she would lock it I said that's fine and we proceeded up to our room 618!   Absolutely gutted to have no view of the city whatsoever Owe looked onto the other side of the hotel gutted 😞 the rooms we very out dated old fashioned dusty nothing to get excited about! A breakfast in your room will set you back £21 per person safe to say it wasn't the best hotel I've stayed in and would not be…,Date of stay: July 2017,3.0
1190,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1195-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Excellent stay - must stay here!!,"Amazing hotel. Excellent staff, food, internet connection and service. Very clean and staff very attentive and helpful. Location very convenient and safe. Absolutely no complaints about staying here now I would strongly recommend staying here to others as I would stay here again. Thanks so much to the staff for making this an enjoyable and relaxing vacation! Cheers!",Date of stay: June 2017,5.0
1191,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1195-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,High convenience factor for an otherwise rather basic hotel. ,"Stayed for four nights on a family holiday in London. I generally prefer boutique hotel s but we needed a hotel room to accommodate a family and so selected this hotel for access to ""family"" rooms (2 queen beds) and the high convenience factor - directly over Paddington station (and direct service via Heathrow Express). I found the room pricey for what it was - very basic with little to distinguish itself. But the tube access, shops and markets in Paddington station, and ease-of-use factor made this still a positive stay. Surrounding area is fine, if not particularly charming.  A good home base for family travel. The M&S market downstairs had great snacks and plentiful breakfast items. Tube was so convenient.  If you are traveling with kids, this is a great hotel.  If you're…",Date of stay: June 2017,3.0
1192,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1195-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,High Tea,We had an excellent experience of high tea meeting here.Convenient to each of us to reach.Found a place with out any hassle .Good choice of beverages and snacks.We were able to have nice conversations.,Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
1193,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1195-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Superb location,The location of this hilton hotel is second to none if you need to access paddington train station and the underground. There is a connected elevator between the platform and the hotel (although seems closed during the night) and the underground is just cross the road.  Guest room is on the bigger side if compared to other london hotel I have stayed but this one is a little further away from the town centre. The benefit is that it is very quite during the night.,Date of stay: June 2017,5.0
1194,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1195-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great location,"Lots of restaurants, close to public transportation and nearby my office. The room was clean and cleaning service was thorough. Enjoyed access to executive lounge. Plan to stay here for family vacation ",Date of stay: June 2017,4.0
1195,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1200-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Location with a touch of luxury,"Right on Paddington rail and tube stations with buses that run in front of the hotel it is well serviced for the traveller and is a good base location from which to get around.  It is surrounded by many eateries and amenities. Inside,  it is a lovely,  well maintained hotel.  Staff were helpful and courteous at all times.  We stayed 5 nights in the GWR part of the hotel.  It was hard to fault.",Date of stay: June 2017,5.0
1196,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1200-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Outstanding hotel,"Stayed here early June in one of the recently refurbished tower executive rooms.  Very good room with excellent facilities.  Very large good quality flat screen tv.  It was a tad difficult to find the room as it involved using 2 different rooms, perhaps a small directions card at check in would be a better idea than complex verbal instructions.  The Tower Lounge was a superb facility which we took full advantage of.  The Lounge staff were excellent, especially Preston who went above and beyond to ensure all people in the Lounge had an excellent experience, even the rude ones who should have been thrown on to the street were looked after.  This hotel is superbly located gif people arriving at paddington on the Heathrow express, no need to leave the station.  Highly recommended ",Date of stay: June 2017,5.0
1197,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1200-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great hotel great location ,"Stayed on 26th June for one night part of Edwards coach tour package. Loved the hotel warm welcome from the staff and our room was big and cosy clean comfy bed and no noise. The bathroom was clean and huge, Breakfast was delicious plenty of choices from cereals to English breakfast muffins and fresh fruit. Location is great for sightseeing next door to Paddington station and tube.  We return to the hotel in August looking forward to another stay. ",Date of stay: June 2017,5.0
1198,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1200-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Comfortable and Convenient,"My daughter and I stayed here recently to recover from jet lag before embarking on a driving trip. The hotel can be directly accessed from Paddington Station via escalator, after getting off the Heathrow Express. Rooms vary in size but are all well cooled (London can be oppressive in summer and was having an early heat wave when we were there). The restaurant is quite good for dinner, prices are not astronomical at dinner and the buffet breakfast is also quite good. Our experience was not quite 5 star since my daughter's room was not cleaned until 4:30 p.m. despite two requests, I formed the impression that the front desk clerk's English might have been the problem. A slip-up no doubt, but not the kind that an hotel of this quality can afford. Price can be a problem here-keep…",Date of stay: June 2017,4.0
1199,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1200-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Location and Luxury all in one,"A great hotel for Paddington train station and tube, old style feel and attentive staff with the new wing having the most amazing luxury rooms ever makes you feel in a Hollywood film. Drinks and food are as expected at the Hilton.",Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
1200,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1205-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Can't beat the Location,"This is not the first time i reviewed this hotel. Fist and foremost, the location is excellent. Pretty central and buses, underground tube station as well as the Heathrow Express all close by.Marks and Spencer and Sainsbury Food stores just under the hotel and many coffee shops like Starbucks also right there. Our room was big with tall ceiling no view but I didn't mind that,comfortable bed but what I liked most was the availability of electrical outlets by the bed. My husband who has to travel with his CPaP machine did not have to use extensions. Also there is a little space left in the fridge to place something.  The Doormen were very attentive and helpful and friendly.These little things means a lot. Cons- just another little thing but the toilet paper could have been softer.…",Date of stay: June 2017,4.0
1201,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1205-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Great location, comfortable historid","I travel to London several times a year. Usually stay at the Hilton in Trafalgar Square but it has gotten too expensive.  This time chose the Paddington Hilton.  Perfect location as it connects directly to the rail station (where one takes the express to Heathrow) and the major tube station.  My room was small but very well laid out so the size did not matter.  The bathroom also well laid out and actually quite large.  The staff is extremely helpful and I like the historic nature of the hotel - it was built to be the hotel of the Great Western Railroad.  The area has a number of stores where you can buy food, restaurants and pubs.  Hope they do not put up the prices!",Date of stay: May 2017,4.0
1202,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1205-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Superb service,"This was our fourth stay at the Paddington Hilton in the last three years, and the service has never been better. From the property manager and reception to housekeeping and the staffs in the Executive and Tower Lounges, we found friendliness, unfailing courtesy, and a willingness to go the extra yard to make us feel right at home. This is a superbly run hotel. I highly recommend it.",Date of stay: June 2017,5.0
1203,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1205-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel lousy mattresses that make the floor seem comfortable,It's a good location with transport links etc the staff are lovely the exec lounge well stocked breakfast good but the beds are dreadful they really need to invest in decent mattresses as the ones they have really are like sleeping on concrete ,Date of stay: June 2017,4.0
1204,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1205-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,First London Experience,"Overall, the facility was decent but we heard a lot of sirens. Be aware that there is a hospital near by. We were conveniently above Paddington Station where transportation was easy to access. We were also a few minutes away from Kensington Gardens and a lot of restaurants and shops. Unfortunately... when we checked in, we asked for the wifi code and because we booked through a third party we were not granted a code for our room. (Although, we were given a code to use in the lobby). Our frustration was even though we booked through a third party, the hotel was still getting a portion of what we paid. We WERE staying at their facility. If we ever return to London, we will definitely chose a different hotel to stay at.",Date of stay: June 2017,3.0
1205,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1210-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Excellent location and good breakfast,"Very comfortable beds and rooms, great location, excellent waiting staff at breakfast, our room was at the back of the hotel which was well insulated couldn't hear anything whereas the front of the hotel was noisier",Date of stay: June 2017,5.0
1206,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1210-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"A bit faded, loved the executive lounge","Was going to catch the Heathrow Express the next day so it seemed perfect. Is in the station so you can't go wrong there. Paddington is NW of the major sites; although convenient to the north side of Hyde Park and Kensington Park/Palace. Was on an executive floor. Hallway was in need of remodel. Room was nice but had a few improvisations that were just not even 3 star. The sheer curtain to the terrace had been permanently fixed when the mechanism broke, so you had to crawl under it or go around it. Shower smelled of mildew which permeated the bathroom. Its interior was a bit sketchy too. Cheapest shampoo etc possible. Those utilitarian bottles you expect at a Super 8 or something. Someone I met said the lower floors weren't even close to as nice in terms of their interiors.  Had…",Date of stay: June 2017,3.0
1207,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1210-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Convenient and clean. Breakfast underwhelms,"The Hotel was clean, convenient, and easy to use.  As I was traveling with my family it was nice to have a bed in between our long internatoional flight and our train ride.  If you are coming from Heathrow make sure to take the Heathrow Express.  It is inexpensive and so very convenient.  Just a warning, there are multiple train stations in London.  We woke the next morning and realized our train was leaving out of Waterloo.... worked out fine, just had to transfer before expected.  The breakfast at the hotel was substandard.  I don't recommend paying for it.",Date of stay: June 2017,4.0
1208,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1210-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Position, Position & Position","This hotel is as might be expected, ideally placed to enable travel weary travellers to rejuvenate and be ready to take the next ""travel steps"". In our case the train was right below us and readily accessible via the back door of the hotel complete with a lift!!",Date of stay: June 2017,5.0
1209,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1210-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great central location for layover...,"We had a 22 hour layover in London on our way back from a trip to Ireland and choose this hotel so we could take the Heathrow Express straight there, drop our bags and do some sightseeing in our very limited time in the city. Worked out great.  Paddington is such a great hub that we were able to shoot around to different spots around the city and get back in time for a decent night's sleep.  Hotel is gorgeous and room was very spacious for European standards.",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
1210,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1215-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Convenient and relaxing,"Before heading off to Heathrow, we always spend at least one night here - as the convenience of the hotel to Paddington Station/Heathrow Express is wonderful.  Whether for work or for leisure, this hotel and staff have been very accommodating and offers a bit of stress relief when traveling.",Date of stay: June 2017,4.0
1211,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1215-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"perfect location, friendly staff, clean with large rooms","I come to London a lot and have stayed in four or five different hotels, but this is my new #1 choice. admittedly a major factor is because my office is so close, but even for a vacation I would stay here. directly next to Paddington Railway Station and the Paddington Underground. an easy walk to Marlebone High Street where there are nice shops and restaurants. there are plenty of walkable restaurant choices at all price levels. also walking distance to Hyde Park, Kensington Gardens and Palace, Little Venice and plenty of neighborhood pubs away from the hustle and bustle of the streets around the station  There's a Starbucks and food market and shops in the Paddington Station connected to the hotel so you don't even have to go outside.",Date of stay: June 2017,4.0
1212,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1215-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great hotel and service adjacent to Heathrow Express,We had an overnight here with early departure to Heathrow on the Heathrow Express. It was the perfect location with the train station at the same location. We had wonderful service and an upgraded room. Highly recommend this over staying at the airport hotels and much more convenient!,Date of stay: June 2017,4.0
1213,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1215-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,My home away from home in London,Brilliant location. Fabulous staff. Excellent beds. Immaculately clean. Nearly perfect.  This is my fourth or fifth stay. Easy access to all of London and environs. We landed and took heathrow express and were cosy in our room in under 1 hour from wheels down.  Just so convenient and easy.  ,Date of stay: June 2017,5.0
1214,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1215-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Perfect for a short trip,"Like many people using this hotel, it's all about location. The hotel is perfect for access from the Heathrow Express, and to the various London Underground lines at Paddington station.  We could not complain about the services provided at check-in, concierge, room cleaning and general services – they were all up to the high standards you would expect from a Hilton. Breakfast was excellent, with an array of cereals, juices and cooked hot breakfasts. We didn't try the pancake machine, but it seemed to do the job!  It's worth pointing out that despite how busy the Paddington area is, given that the hotel is on Praed Street, the rooms are very quiet.  Only quibble - no free internet (it is 2017, after all !)",Date of stay: June 2017,5.0
1215,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1220-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Very nice, very convenient!","Arrived from Heathrow, on the Express train, into Paddington Station. A few steps away, we checked into the Hilton. Next morning, grabbed goodies at the MS and jumped on the train for Bodmin.  Hiked for 10 days, and returned to the Hilton the night before flying out.  Very nice, and very convenient indeed!",Date of stay: June 2017,5.0
1216,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1220-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Wonderful old Great Western Railroad location,"We love staying at the Hilton Paddington. It is our usual first stop on arriving in London. The Heathrow Express service from London's busiest airport arrives every 15 minutes. A short walk, up an escalator turn left an you'll soon be checking in to your comfortable guest room.",Date of stay: June 2017,5.0
1217,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1220-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Fabulous 3 night stay ! for us a family of 6 .,Excellent Hotel and fabulous location - especially if you are travelling via Paddington Train Station.  Hotel is a stone's throw from the train station.  Amazing Hotel - can't fault anything.  Rooms amazing - staff friendly and helpful - food excellent.  Service charges added to everything! which pushed up prices of everything.  We had breakfast at the Hotel - excellent choices. and High Tea which was lovely too.  Did not eat a meal at the Restaurant (lunch nor dinner).,Date of stay: June 2017,5.0
1218,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1220-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Perfect location,Great location adjacent to paddington station. Staff meets your every need. Lounge was one of the best I have experienced. Had a balcony view room that overlooked London. Highly recommend this hotel.! ,Date of stay: June 2017,5.0
1219,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1220-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Nice Hotel,Stayed one night only with friends. Great location.....Good bed....Big room and bathrom. Easy to travel all over London from Paddington Station. Heathrow Express to Heathrow Airport next door. We will return.,Date of stay: June 2017,4.0
1220,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1225-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Too Bad Hilton tries to squeak out an extra 5 £ for standard TV,Upgraded to Tower rooms   Very nice. Really put off could not watch anything but BBC on TV. They require a 5£ fee. Stay here about every year - first time had this fee. Out of principal going to cross them off from now on as long as fee exists. Complained but no response or feedback   ,Date of stay: June 2017,3.0
1221,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1225-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Excellent Location,"This hotel is in an excellent location adjacent to Paddington Train Station with the Circle and District Lines stopping at the Paddington Underground. Hotel itself is in a beautiful building managed mainly by the usual Hilton friendly staff. Having said this, we were checked in by a ""Daliah"" who was extremely rude and unfriendly for front desk services. We had just arrived from an overnight flight from Canada and her attitude was not a reflection of Hilton services or helpful to lack of 😴   Secondly, we were saddened to see the standard of the bathroom. The bath curtain was torn (almost falling off the shower rod) and it smelt awful. It definitely was not changed between guests. It was grotty and yack!!! Definitely SUB PAR STANDARD!!! We subsequently stayed in a 3 -4 star hotel…",Date of stay: June 2017,3.0
1222,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1225-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,High quality over time,I have stayed at this hotel each year for many years. Good service and any problem has been swift handeled. This is an old fashioned high service hotel. Paddington station is not charming but a good hotelroom is. 15 min from Heatrow (X press) beats other hotels nearby when you want to enjoy a stay to the limits.,Date of stay: June 2017,5.0
1223,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1225-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,I gave it another shot!,"I'm all for second chances. And this time it didn't disappoint!  Finally some value for your (pretty large amount of) money you spend while staying here.   I must have stayed on a bad day last time, and gotten a room still in the renovation queue or something. This time it was flawless. Proper service, proper room!",Date of stay: January 2017,4.0
1224,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1225-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Nice hotel, experience spoils by reception staff","Nice room as we upgraded to have a better one.  Only fly in the ointment was the deposit required so we didn't use anything in the fridge etc.  gave it to receptionist in cash so they could give me the £50 back in cash on leaving.  Oh such a performance, there was no cash, why wasn't my money just put away ready for my leaving?  Wasted a good 20 minutes while the staff chatted, laughed, pulled money out of their pockets. Most unprofessional I can tell you.",Date of stay: May 2017,4.0
1225,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1230-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Missed Opportunity for Guests,"I love Hilton Hotels.  I stayed May 25 through 28.   The location is fabulous.  You can take the Heathrow Express into Paddington station and take an elevator one floor up to the hotel.  There are great shops including a Marks and Spencer food hall with delicious and inexpensive salads and sandwiches in the mall which is part of Paddington Station and an elevator ride from the reception area of the hotel.  The room was nice and clean.  The room was large by even US standards.  So why was it a missed opportunity?  I have gold status and had access to the business lounge for breakfast amd snacks throughout the day.  The staff in the business center were miserable.  I asked for cream for my coffee and was told by the server that she would have to ""walk all the way to the kitchen""…",Date of stay: May 2017,2.0
1226,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1230-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Ideal location.,"We stopped here for one night to catch an early flight from Heathrow. The front of house staff were very friendly and efficient. The hotel is very impressive inside and out, and I was very happy with the room. The footbridge straight into Paddington train station makes this an ideal hotel for early flights as you are only 15 mins away from Heathrow with the express train service.",Date of stay: June 2017,4.0
1227,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1230-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Classic and Modern Fusion,"This hotel is one of the best located hotels in London. It is directly connected to Heathrow Airport via the Heathrow Express. From the station, there is an escalator which connects you directly into the hotel too. But bear in mind there are a few stairs which may be inconvenient if you are carrying a heavy luggage.  I stayed in the new wing of the hotel. The rooms in this new wing is bigger(i heard) but need to walk a longer way from the lobby. If you are a member, you will be allowed to use the lounge located on the 7th floor. At certain timings, there are some snacks and alcohols.  The room is bigger than most London hotels but I did not like the staircase(4 steps) which separates the bedroom from the closet and the toilet. On the TV, there are limited channels. Those…",Date of stay: May 2017,4.0
1228,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1230-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Helpfull staff, great location","everything about the hotel was good, staff were friendly and helpful, especially Prasanna at the main entrance. Reception staff was so nice, they gave us early check-in and late check-out. rooms were bigger in comparison to the London hotels, English breakfast was nice and content. we stayed for 6 nights and enjoyed it. location was the best, it has its own entrance to the Paddington station. taxi stand just in front of this hotel. only one disappointment was no free wifi inside the room unless you are a hilton loyalty member. even though i am a loyalty member, i booked through booking.com as the price was much better and buying a data SIM was still cheaper. i feel Hilton could review this and provide something better to their Loyal members and not let other customers feel…",Date of stay: April 2017,4.0
1229,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1230-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Location, Location, Location....","I was skeptical about staying in Paddington Station but it's actually FANTASTIC!  The rooms are pretty good.  We stayed in two different rooms in the time we were in London because we went to Paris in the middle of our trip.  The first room looked out on to a side street and was very quiet.  The second room overlooked the main entrance into the station and it was non-stop noise as long as the trains were running.  We were also close to a hospital on that side and the ambulance sirens went on day and night.    That being said, the location for London almost couldn't be better.  We took the Heathrow Express from the airport and the hotel is right there.  No Uber and no dragging luggage on the Tube.  Below the hotel is a Boots and several food shops.  Outside on the platform are…",Date of stay: March 2017,5.0
1230,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1235-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Excellent hotel.,"We stayed for one night after being caught up in the BA shutdown and cancellation of our flight to Vancouver. Travelling with our elderly Mum made it a bit more challenging, but the Hilton were fantastic. We were able to get two rooms very close to each other and rent a wheelchair. The amenities in the hotel are very good. The rooms are large, I compare it to North American style hotel for the spaciousness. The staff especially the door staff were so pleasant and helpful. We would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone visiting London. Walk out the back right into Paddington Train station. Tube, taxis and buses are readily available outside the front door. M&S and Sainsbury are below the back entrance to the hotel. The Heathrow Express is 15 minutes from Paddington to…",Date of stay: May 2017,5.0
1231,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1235-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,No hot water!,"I have stayed here before and chose it for this trip as it has great access to Paddington Station for the Heathrow Express. I paid extra for a night I didn't use so that I could check in first thing in the morning and have a shower and change before an important business meeting. The second morning I got up at 7:30 to find there was no hot water for a shower or a shave. I called guest relations who sent up a maintenance guy about half an hour later, by which time the water had heated up. When I asked him what was wrong he said that there were too many people staying at the hotel. The next day I got up at 6:50 to beat the rush, but still no hot water. I had to wait until 8:00 am when mysteriously it was piping hot. It seemed more like a thermostat problem to me. I complained to…",Date of stay: June 2017,1.0
1232,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1235-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great Location and Beautiful Hotel,"I stayed 6 nights and enjoyed my entire stay. This hotel was a great base to start any adventure. After arriving at London Heathrow, I took the Heathrow Express to Paddington Rail Station. The hotel is built in the station so ease of access was a plus. The Paddington Underground Station is right across the street or easily accessible via the national rail station. I stayed at the GVR room with the executive lounge access. The spread was great with complimentary breakfast, snacks, and limited bar selections. This is my second time staying here and I highly recommend it !",Date of stay: May 2017,5.0
1233,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1235-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,london break,Recently had a few days in london to take in the chelsea flower show and the carol king musical beautiful.Stayed at the paddington hilton which proved to be a good choice for location .Underground for westend and chelsea just minutes away.On arrival reception staff were pleasant and efficient room was ok and spotlessly clean.Concierge was more than helpfull with suggestions and advice for the underground. The breakfasts were well cooked and presented all that we needed.This is a well located and run london hotel.Would probably stay there agin if in london.,Date of stay: May 2017,4.0
1234,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1235-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,One Nighter,I had to stay in town overnight before heading out West towards Reading in the early morning. Check in was very quick. One lift was out of order so slightly slower to get to the 6th floor. Complimentary water and biscuits went down well. Nice lobby - looked clean but didn't have time to look around much. ,Date of stay: June 2017,4.0
1235,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1240-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Art Deco comfort and professionalism,"Best value in London for long distance travellers. Close to key parts of the city and transport hubs. Good restaurants nearby and parks for relaxing walks. Art Deco style and large rooms make for a comfortable staging post for long distance travellers, especially those going to Bath and West Country or Heathrow",Date of stay: May 2017,5.0
1236,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1240-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great choice for sightseeing,"My husband and I stayed at the Hilton Paddington for a week and found it an excellent base for visiting. We took the Express from Heathrow which leads directly to a lift to the hotel. Couldn't be easier. The hotel connects directly to the underground and is surrounded by reasonable restaurants. Our room was spacious and comfortable and the breakfast was very good. I would definitely stay here again. Be aware, however, of a rather bizarre policy wherein you are charged 50 GBP per day in advance for mini-bar use or damages. This seems excessive when housekeeping is in your room every day. Surely a one day deposit would suffice. They put the charge on our credit card when we checked in but when we checked out it turned out they hadn't actually put it through.",Date of stay: May 2017,4.0
1237,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1240-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"So easy as a base for travel, takes the stress of out lugging your suitcase on the tube!","First  time staying at this hotel, we normally book a Novotel or Premierinn. I loved that we arrived off the train & were in our room in minutes. Was upgraded to a deluxe room (252) which was very spacious. Bed was comfy (my pillows smelt weird - kind of smokey/musky) everywhere was spotless. Staff were pleasant upon arrival. Due to an incident (the hotel was very secure & safe) some restaurants closed earlier so we were grateful for the 24hr menu, a lovely chickpea, spinach & sweet potato curry for a reasonable £16.50 plus £5 room service charge (there was a small newsagent across the road so we had already purchased a pot of ice cream not realising this is also available on the 24hr menu).Check out is 12 - couple of early knocks so made sure the door was locked properly, the…",Date of stay: June 2017,5.0
1238,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1240-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Convenient location ,"We stayed at this hotel for one night because of its location right next to Paddington station. Very convenient for catching the Heathrow express the next morning.  As Hilton honours members we got upgraded to the tower. After a bit of a maze to find the tower we were pleased with our spacious room. Huge bathroom, and all the comforts you would want. Even a small paddington bear for purchase in the mini bar, for those who needed a last minute gift for the little one at home.  Very friendly and efficient staff.  Lovely buffet breakfast in the morning.  My only recommendation would be to add a peck of colour in the room fir visual interest.  Tis a shame to have such a big well appointed room feel so vanilla/ beige. ",Date of stay: May 2017,4.0
1239,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1240-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Hilton Paddington London,"Conveniently located in a safe area with various types of restaurant around, next to subway, easy commune to different attractions. Airport Express and a large supermarket are located right behind the hotel, just 2-min walk.  The room is equipped with sufficient amenities, flat TV, free wi-fi etc.",Date of stay: June 2017,4.0
1240,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1245-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great location and service,"Walked straight into hotel from Paddington station. Arrived at 11am,room was ready, put bags in and off shopping. Easy! Staff excellent. spacious room and very well equipped. Only criticism would be buffet breakfast was not the best quality, been there too long.",Date of stay: May 2017,5.0
1241,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1245-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Pros: Good location Cons: Quite literally everything else,"The one thing this hotel absolutely has going for it is location, its attached to Paddington Train station and you can walk directly from the station into the hotel. Thus making transport links to the tube and train station fantastic. Sadly this was the only good thing I experienced at this hotel. When we arrived at reception, both receptionists were busy and we had 2 people jump the queue and stand in front of us. The receptionists did not remark on this and allowed them to carry on, serving them before us. Customers should not have to argue with each other over rude and unacceptable behaviour! A clear queueing system should be in place to avoid this to begin with and when it does happen, a member of staff should be available to deal with it and correct the situation…",Date of stay: June 2017,2.0
1242,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1245-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Very convenient for Hyde Park and surrounding area,"Although I'm a regular Hilton user all over the world, Ive stayed at quite a few here in the UK.  This one was formally the Great Western Railways hotel and it has a bit of an Art Deco vibe and gives you the feeling you have been taken back in time to a grand era of railway travel and when we owned half the world.  Room 434 was clean and comfortable and I do like the beds in all Hiltons.  If you can, get one of the upgraded rooms that allows you to go up and sit out on the Balcony 👍  Compared to some of my other stays, this particular Hilton offers excellent value for money and with the tube right across the street, you can be in the heart of the west end or Oxford street in a matter of minutes.  Check trip advisor for decent restaurants nearby however if you are not eating in…",Date of stay: June 2017,4.0
1243,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1245-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,No response,"We checked in on 20/5 and checked out on 21/5.  We didnt consume anything from the minibar, and even confirmed on checked out, but still charged us gbp8.50 afterwards.   Not a matter of the charges, but no response on our follow -up email......  Hilton......",Date of stay: May 2017,2.0
1244,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1245-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,The Worst Customer Service I've Ever Experienced,"I was supposed to stay at the Hilton Paddington for 1 night in April. I had booked the ticket through Expedia and I was completely aware that it was nonrefundable.  I was flying in from Iceland, and leaving the next afternoon for Los Angeles. I was literally stranded in Iceland. The planes were not going out, and it was an impossibile that I would get to London for the night. I called the hotel and explained the situation. Expedia also tried on behalf to get the refund. Hilton absolutely refused. I understand this is their policy and I had agreed to it. However, I have also worked in the hotel industry, at one of the top hotels in the world (I am an atty). It is typical procedure that a hotel will waive that refundable agreement in extreme situations as a 1 time courtesy. I hope…",Date of stay: April 2017,1.0
1245,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1250-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Hair hair hair !!!! ,"The level of hygiene in this place is unbelievable. The first day I arrived, I complained about finding lady's hair on my towel!!! The receptionist apologized and requested house keeping to change the towels. Two days later i found short hair in the towel. Again, house keeping came and changed it. Today I beat the record by adding a curly hair to my collection!!! I talked to the manager. He promised the will investigate!!   Unfortunately, I still have 8 more nights in this hotel. Can't wait to explore how the next one looks like!! ",Date of stay: June 2017,1.0
1246,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1250-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Excellent Location,"Only stayed at this hotel for one night but now wished we had stayed longer. We caught to Heathrow Express straight into Paddington Station and we were in our room within minutes.  We used the lift on the ground floor of the station.  Room was excellent, quiet and good size.  Breakfast in Brasserie was perfect, great selection and we thoroughly enjoyed it.  There were lots of restaurants etc outside the station but we chose to dine inside the hotel that evening and found the service and meal excellent. We would definitely stay at this hotel again. ",Date of stay: May 2017,5.0
1247,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1250-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Best Hilton location in London,"I have stayed at the Green Park Hilton, the Park Lane Hilton and the Metropole Hilton.  All nice properties.  But the Paddington Hilton is by far the BEST location in London.  And just as nice as the others.  But the location is perfect if you want to stay in London.  Flying into Heathrow, the Heathrow Express to Paddington is 15 minutes.  And the hotel is only a 3 minute walk from the Train.  And the Tube is directly under the Hotel.  So getting around London is quite easy.",Date of stay: May 2017,5.0
1248,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1250-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great service and location!,"Our stay was very good!  The staff went out of their way to assist us and accommodate us in any manner.  In addition, to get around London, you cannot beat the location!  It is right next to Paddington! The rooms are very clean and have all the amenities for all types of guests.  The hotel staff went out of their way to help us in any way.  I have nothing but positive comments for their courtesy and friendliness.",Date of stay: May 2017,5.0
1249,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1250-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great hotel next to Paddington station,We needed to leave early to catch the Heathrow Express and the hotel is attached to the station. We were there in 5 minutes. The hotel is also directly across the street from the Paddington tube station. The hotel was clean and inviting. The staff at the reception desk were very helpful. The lounge was very comfortable and the food and cocktails were excellent. Our room was spacious with tea/coffee amenities. The breakfast buffet in the restaurant was very good with plentiful choices. I would certainly recommend this hotel especially when travelling via the train.,Date of stay: May 2017,5.0
1250,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1255-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Good hotel overlooking the station,So convenient for the station. Great executive floor and ground floor business lounge that overlooks the platforms of the busy station. Incredibly convenient for the station. even parking is reasonably close and up to 4 hours for a reasonable £10 - very good value overall. With Heathrow Express a mere 15 minutes from Heathrow and if you re flying so much more fun to be in London before flying.,Date of stay: March 2017,5.0
1251,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1255-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Amazing hotel with amazing staff,"The hotel is amazing and situated close to all amenities,underground  subway is a few minutes away, the staff were very friendly and extremely helpful.it is a very well organised hotel and I would recommend this hotel to everyone I know ",Date of stay: May 2017,5.0
1252,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1255-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Underwhelming Service & Rooms, Trading Off A Strong Brand But A Great Locatiom","First Up – The location Is brilliant and suited my 3 day, 2 night stay. I was In My Room, 90 minutes after landing at Heathrow courtesy of the Heathrow Express ($50 USD Return). This is a plus after long haul flights.  Sadly it would have been quicker had the reception had more than 1 staffer who sadly spoke rather poor English and even poorer comprehension of my neutral accent. The concierge also fell short when I e-mailed them in advance of my arrival with a request to print an e-ticket for an event i was attending. I hadn't been done and the e-mail had been left unattended and without reply. This wasted 10 minutes to chase up and get done. The elevators are central but 19th century for speed, you can often wait minutes which is odd for a 6 floor, 3 elevator space. Tonight…",Date of stay: May 2017,3.0
1253,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1255-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great location ,Hotel has the best location one can ask for. Right across from the paddington station the hotel is very centrally and conveniently located with close proximity to restaurants and shopping places. The rooms are large and well appointed. The breakfast is also good. ,Date of stay: May 2017,4.0
1254,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1255-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Short visit to London,"Whenever i plan a visit to London, UK, I always prefer to book and stay at Hilton Paddington. This is due to the convenience and flexibility of traveling between Heathrow Airport and the City and because of the proximity of the Hotel to many places such as shopping, restaurants, Parks and train stations. I recommend this hotel for all the reasons mentioned above. Furthermore, visitors can enjoy the variety of restaurants nearby. ",Date of stay: May 2017,5.0
1255,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1260-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Coffee shop,"Just wanted to comment on the lobby level coffee shop/restaurant in particular.  A nice place to go for some quite good quality food - away from the mad-house of the station concourse. We had fish and chips (nice big piece of haddock, chips in newspaper designed paper - nice touch!) and a chicken club salad.  The indian staff there were really nice - maitre d' and waiting staff -very welcoming and helpful. Made sure the food arrived quickly (as we mentioned we had a train to catch) and all went well. Very pleasant. Well done to the staff.",Date of stay: May 2017,4.0
1256,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1260-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Excellent business lounge!,This hotel is perfectly located right next to Paddington station. Really handy if you're catching the train to and from the airport.   What's really cool is the executive lounge - with great views of the central station hall.,Date of stay: March 2017,4.0
1257,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1260-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Hotel a little tied ,"We have stayed at this hotel about three times but this time it wasn't good value.  We had booked a terrace suite maybe hoping that we would be upgraded but the girl at check in didn't even want to discuss anything to do with upgrades and her manner was quite short. We had a big issue with our air conditioner and an engineer was sent up to turn it on but we could not regulate it and it was freezing all the time.  This seems to be a hotel where the guests are the ones who do the quality control for them. Apart from that, the breakfast was great as were the staff and the executive lounge was okay.   I had no recognition whatsoever as a diamond member, so it's their check in staff that probably needs an upgrade.",Date of stay: May 2017,3.0
1258,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1260-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Really??,"Nice lounge on the ground floor of the hotel, right next to Paddington Station. Very nice staff, and efficient with orders.   However, this is a breakfast option, for £10.95. It's frankly revolting - soggy tasteless scrambled eggs, hash browns probably cooked from frozen. English cooking can be wonderful, but this sort of muck lets the hotel down enormously. ",Date of stay: April 2017,2.0
1259,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1260-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Poirot,"Or Bertie Wooster? The reception area has great Thirties ambience. Yasmine was wonderfully helpful with an upgrade to a suite. She advised the new tower rooms as she warned that the older rooms may be in need of refreshing. She was right. The light burr walnut of the bedroom was a delight and the bedroom was quiet despite facing Praed Street but the sitting room was small and the furniture was looking tired. There was real coffee though and a coffee machine. The rooms were clean and the bed was very comfortable. Television channels were rather limited. Breakfast was included in the Executive lounge. There was a good range of pastries, cooked buffet and the DIY espresso was excellent. Anna the waitress was extremely helpful, professional and friendly. All in all a very pleasant…",Date of stay: May 2017,4.0
1260,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1265-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Next to Paddingtn Station, Good for Bussiness meetings","My company planned a huge conf in Paddington and it involved 3 Hotels , Hilton London Paddington, Hilton Metropole and The Landmark . I stayed in all 3 on various nights so now in a position to compare all 3.   The accommodation & room are good. And English Breakfast is the best here. Since this is a big hotel , room service is very slow to respond , you may not need it actually .",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
1261,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1265-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Another wonderful stay - Can't wait to go back,"We have been staying here for years - once or twice annually. We have stayed in many different rooms in the hotel, and all have been excellent, with extremely comfortable bedding. Service is excellent, from the front desk to the concierge services, and including all of the staff responsible for maintaining the rooms.   The location couldn't be better - if you arrive at Heathrow Airport, take the Heathrow Express, and when you arrive at Paddington Station, you arrive at the front desk of the hotel in less than five minutes. Lots of food and other shopping options in the station, and excellent Underground (subway) service on several different lines. And great bus service to and from the center of London.   10 minutes away is Hyde Park.",Date of stay: May 2017,5.0
1262,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1265-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great location,"We stayed one night prior to leaving for a cruise.  The location is excellent, the staff was very accomodating.  Nice older hotel, very clean.  Loved the fact that it was an easy trip from the airport to the hotel directly on the train.  And yes, there is a Paddington Bear store right there.  Location was a quick walk to Hyde Park and Kensington Gardens, as well as one of the stops for the Hop On/Hop Off bus.  Conceirge staff were wonderful, and the hotel staff quick to get a room ready for us at 8am when we arrived from the airport.  A great reflection of London.",Date of stay: May 2017,4.0
1263,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1265-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,What a mistake,OK - so I made the reservation in a hurry knowing that it was ubsurdly overpriced but at half the price - it would have been usurdly over priced. So apart from the price the: Check in was efiicient but unhelpful and unfriendly We were give room 238 (I think) despite haveing a great deal of heavy luggage with us and clearly  marked as such. Room 238 is the furthest and I meand furthes from the lift along endless corridore steps and ramps - a poert was not offered. The bed was comforatable but the room was jus plain - ugly with a view over the platform shed On set of low grade toieltries (more were requested and sent) no shaving or dental care - at this price I would expect the works - and quality product at that. the bathroom was serriosly out of date. Yes we should have asked…,Date of stay: May 2017,1.0
1264,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1265-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great Location but Doorman fought with a taxi on the street.,"Always loved this hotel, great location and easy to get to from LHR via the Heathrow Express.  Only downside was my recent experience where the doorman argued with a taxi driver on the street, used the F word so many times I cannot even count and then told the taxi driver to get out of his car and he would fight him.   Very disappointed in this property based on my last visit.",Date of stay: May 2017,3.0
1265,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1270-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Convenient location,The Location is very convenient . Literally connected to Paddington train Station where one can get underground connections to London and National rail connections to other cities. Rooms very good. Still cannot understand rooms not having free wifi in year 2017. Price reasonable for London,Date of stay: May 2017,4.0
1266,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1270-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,A wonderful Five Star Hotel Experience,"  We stayed two separate nights at this fantastic five star hotel. We stayed there the night before we flew to Ireland for a few days, and again the night before we flew back to the U.S. The concierge at this hotel was so helpful! Mario was very helpful when we arrived. Prasanna was very attentive also.  They brought our bags to our room. The night before we left for Ireland we asked if they would hold some luggage for us while we were away for a few days. They knew we were flying back into Heathrow and staying another night before we flew back home. Mario agreed to help us out and entered notes on our file to ensure our bags  would be taken of the next morning.  As a result  we were able to pack our bags for just 4 nights, instead of taking all our clothes for our 3 week trip. …",Date of stay: May 2017,5.0
1267,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1270-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Convenient location, comfortable stay","We stayed for 2 nights last weekend in a double room.  Our room (#330) was on level 1 overlooking a side street.  The room was comfortably appointed in an art deco style and was quiet and relaxing.  The bathroom was of a good size with a good shower (in tub), good toiletries and towels.  Wi-fi was fast and free. The breakfast buffet was vast and of reasonable quality.  The main reason we chose this hotel is its location at Paddington Station.  We had a flight to Heathrow that arrived late afternoon and tickets to a show that started at 7:30pm.  This hotel's location was great.  We caught the Heathrow Express straight to Paddington station and then didn't need to leave the station on arrival, we just followed the internal signs to the hotel.  There is also a lift between the…",Date of stay: May 2017,4.0
1268,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1270-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Good hotel Average food,Facilities are good. Front desk staff is also good. Coffee shop/ room service food is just average. There are many better places around the hotel to dine in. Service at coffee shop/ restaurant isn't up to the mark. ,Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
1269,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1270-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,best bed,We only stayed one night here as a stop over before departing Heathrow the next day. We don't go too much for big chain hotels but this was really convenient for us. The location at Paddington Station was fabulous as you can just catch the express train the to Heathrow from here. The room didn't have an outlook of any note but we didnt expect it to. It was however very quiet which was a real bonus. Highlight? Well the bed of course! It was the most comfortable of any we have ever enjoyed on a holiday.,Date of stay: April 2017,5.0
1270,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1275-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Ok location, and that's that ","Look for other hotel if you have the option. Hilton paddington have a fantastic location, but that is all. Quite expensive, even I as diamond member prefer to stay another hotel and take sub to paddington station. I try this hotel many times, but always disappointed.",Date of stay: February 2017,2.0
1271,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1275-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,A 'suite' means another room as well as the bedroom,"we booked the 'Balcony Suite' for our weekend in London and it was a lovely room with a balcony...not a suite, the reception manager decided that he wanted to argue the point....bad move! Anyway we got our suite in the end but sadly no balcony and no offer of a partial refund....Hilton are generally excellent and I use them a lot on business but they do have a growing habit of a take it or leave it attitude which mars an otherwise excellent product at good value for money",Date of stay: May 2017,3.0
1272,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1275-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Great location, great hotel","From the moment my daughter and I checked into the Hilton I was impressed.  The welcome, the general ambience and location was first class.  Nothing seemed to be too much trouble, from the friendly Doorman  to the Concierge happy to help with the best place to relax and have a drink.  Our room was ready upon arrival and was comfortable, no problems.  Of course the fact that the Hilton is  attached to Paddington Station makes an otherwise lengthy journey from LHR, painless. The general location in Praed St, close to all amenities is ideal for getting around London. Would stay here again.",Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
1273,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1275-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Better than I expected,"First one never thinks of staying at a hotel attached to a train station but this was a business trip so the choice was not my own. The best parts were close to Heathrow Express so I could fly in.  The rooms have been renovated and I would say very comfortable, clean and safe.  the mediocre things were there was few front desk staff so check in was a bit of a wait and when you are tired this is not fun. The concierge was not very good. The problems were the area as it was noisy and a bit seedy, although a short cab ride was all it took to find some of London's better sights and restaurants.",Date of stay: May 2017,3.0
1274,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1275-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Needs Attention ,"Stayed here as a last minute remembering previous excellent visits . Really disappointed, paid for an expensive Terrace Suite , however the air conditioning was broken. Despite several requests for a fix the best they could provide was a fan - sadly that just pushed hot air around. Advised front of house again on check out. Their body language said it all - whatever!   The Executive Lounge has gone to seed, dirty, zombie like staff and cold ""hot"" snacks.   The only up side was the bar facing Praed St, excellent ambience and staff.   Management need to get out and walk around. ",Date of stay: May 2017,3.0
1275,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1280-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great Hotel,  The hotel is attached to the Paddington Train Station which made it a LOT easier to connect with the Heathrow express.  Staff were attentive and helpful  and their breakfast buffet was scrumptious.  Room size was ample and wifi worked good. There were lots of restaurants and pubs nearby and metro was just in front of the hotel! Definitely will stay again @ Hilton Paddington ,Date of stay: April 2017,5.0
1276,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1280-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,It wouldn't take much for this to be an excellent hotel -- more attention to service and room,"For what I paid ... meh. After I dragged 2 heavy suitcases up stairs (no ramp) and struggled to open the heavy door, I was greeted inside by 2 doormen chatting in the middle of the lobby.     Long wait to check in, with only 1 person in front of me. After checking in, one of the doormen came over to ask if he could take the bags to my room.    Room was a nice size. Bed was super comfortable.   I was totally surprised the hotel restaurant was closed that night - bank holiday. More surprised that the staff had no suggestions for nearby restaurants that were open.  Thank you Yelp for being my concierge that evening.  The shampoo container was nearly empty. The conditioner had been opened and used as well. Two water glasses had dried water in bottom of them. I then noticed faint lip…",Date of stay: May 2017,2.0
1277,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1280-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Overall I enjoyed my stay and would certainly consider staying again,"We booked two rooms for one (Saturday) night. I chose the Hilton at Paddington, partly on price and the benefits I have from being a Diamond HHonors member and partly because it was ideally situated for our weekend plans; arrive into Kings Cross, tour of hidden tunnels under London Euston, visit to the Churchill War Rooms, Heathrow Connect train to Heathrow T3 for a flight. I'd also had poor experiences in the Hilton Metropole.  The hotel is actually part of Paddington train Station - I think it was formerly the Great Western Railway hotel. Opposite is Paddington London Underground station - although you may also find yourself arriving at another Paddington Underground (other end of the train station), depending on which line you use/direction you arrive from.  We arrived from…",Date of stay: May 2017,5.0
1278,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1280-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Superb location,What a location in lovely neighbourhood. Connection to Heathrow was awesome. Nice pubs and restaurants near. Executive lounge was lovely and personnel was very nice. Nice quiet and very spacious room in upper floors. We had our breakfast at Executive Lounge and it was very good. Rooms need a little update but overall very nice hotel.,Date of stay: March 2017,4.0
1279,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1280-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Location and Convenience Can't be Beat,"The usual Hilton medium-to-high level of amenities... with this hotel, it's all location, location, location.  Set within the Paddington Station complex, all of London and beyond is accessible: the hotel lobby is literally just an escalator ride from the train platforms, including the Heathrow Express lines; tube access one flight lower, or across the street; taxi stand at the hotel door.  Plus several iconic UK shops (e.g., M&S) have branches in the station, so easy to pick up those London souvenirs and foods on your way out, if you're travelling here from abroad.",Date of stay: May 2017,4.0
1280,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1285-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Superb transportation hub,"Simply unbeatable for airport, taxi or underground transportation.  15 minute airport connection.  Taxi line in front of the building. Underground across the street.  Bustling hotel, great for business, very nice rooms, well appointed, friendly and helpful staff.  Internet could use some upgrading for speed.",Date of stay: May 2017,4.0
1281,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1285-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Perfect for a visit to London,"My son and I stayed at the Hilton Paddington for five nights while visiting London and could not have picked a better place to stay.  We flew into Heathrow and took the Heathrow Express in to Paddington which links to the hotel.  We arrived three hours before checking but were smoothly checked in by the most friendly of desk staff.  Everything about the hotel was perfect for us:  very friendly and helpful staff, big room with comfy beds that was very quiet (no noise at night), fabulous breakfast, reliable wifi and an excellent gym.  We loved the fact that there was a M&S, Sainsbury's, Boots and other restaurants and stores easily accessible through the walkway to Paddington.  Best of all, being able to walk through straight to the Tube and all the trains, perfect for…",Date of stay: May 2017,5.0
1282,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1285-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Disappointing,"As a diamond member of Hilton hotels, I was disappointed by the way guests are treated. The hotel made a mistake with my reservation....these things happen I guess but I did wonder what would have happened to me if the hotel had been full. What was worse, when the duty manager came to the front desk to sort out their mess with the reservation....he never spoke to me....not even an apology from him. A terrible and disgraceful experience which you don't expect! I hadn't done anything wrong.....they had!  Stuart Jarvis",Date of stay: May 2017,1.0
1283,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1285-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great cocktails and music ,Ended up here at the end of a day out in London. This place serves great cocktails in plush surroundings with cool house music playing. Felt like I was back in the 90s loved it. Will definitely return. ,Date of stay: May 2017,5.0
1284,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1285-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,4 nights at the Hilton,"Love everything about this Hotel.... Great Dry Martini's.... Courteous and friendly staff, the food was excellent , our room was very comfortable.  Easy access to Paddington Station . Walking distance to all sights.",Date of stay: April 2017,5.0
1285,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1290-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Location only thing going for it,"I would only bother with this hotel if you need quick access to and from Paddington station and can't get into one of the smaller (and cheaper) hotels close by.  The ability to leave your bags in the luggage room for the day after you check out and collect them just before taking a train was the attraction from us. The service, and quality of the rooms, are very, vey average. Time for a makeover Hilton!",Date of stay: May 2017,3.0
1286,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1290-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,We love this hotel!,"Fantastic customer service!  We moved here from Hilton Tower of London for the last 3 nights of our stay in London - thank goodness we did.  Sooo much nicer.  The rooms are big and spacious with lots of room although a bit dark - but at least we could open the curtains fully and open the window as our ac did not work.  Very comfortable king bed, lovely large bathroom and lots of storage in the room.  Definitely stay here again and right across from tube station as well as Heathrow express and train station.  Fantastic location with great pubs nearby and close to Hyde Park.  Thank you again for a fantastic rest of our stay in London.  The bar is great and away from the entrance so its much more comfortable.  Would recommend to anyone who wants a great hotel.  We walked to Hyde…",Date of stay: March 2017,4.0
1287,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1290-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,GWR Tower TOTALLY Worth the Extra Cost!,"Here are some of our thoughts about the Hilton Paddington: The older part of this property, even after having been renovated, sadly, still feel very dated.  But the GWR Tower is new and LOVELY.  Absolutely lovely! The beds are very comfortable, the bedding is perfect, and they have feather pillows. The housekeeping staff were consistently EXCEPTIONAL, and they were so accommodating when we asked to have our room made up by a certain time each day.  Kudos to them!  The new lounge for the GWR Tower is very, very nicely appointed.  Always spotlessly clean and well attended by a very friendly staff.  We really appreciated Sunford's special care, but others who worked in the Executive Lounge were super attentive to guests' needs as well.  We wanted to give a special appreciation to…",Date of stay: May 2017,5.0
1288,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1290-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Stayed here many times but disappointed ,"I've stayed here many times over the years for work. The best thing about this hotel is it's location 15 min from LHR if one takes the (pricey) Heathrow Express.   But that's about it. Everything else is just average or ""meh.""  It starts with the check-in desk by the executive lounge. One thing I will say is that every Time I've stayed here in the past, including three weeks ago, I always had access to the executive lounge regardless of where I stayed. This time was sadly different. No one acknowledged my gold status with Hilton. Later that morning I wanted to meet with a work colleague and said no problem, since I assumed I would have access to the lounge. This time when I needed it, I didn't. Instead, I was told by the fairly indifferent staff member that I just didn't rate…",Date of stay: May 2017,3.0
1289,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1290-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Location,location,location","Great beds, rooms, bathrooms, and of course the staff. The staff were helpful in recommending shows, restaurants, places to go and how to get around the area. The rooms were large for London standards.",Date of stay: May 2017,5.0
1290,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1295-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Clean and quiet with windows that open,Great location for Heathrow Express.  Rooms in the GWR Tower are nicely renovated. Cleaning staff prompt and do a good job.   GWR Lounge staff are lazy and unfriendly. Breakfast is likely the poorest selection with only bacon sausage and frozen hash browns. Cereal selection lacked any organic or homemade granola. Most days the cold section and a meagre display of five meat fish items.  Most days was not offered anything off the add on menu.   Breads though high quality were in limited supply.   Juices are warm no one remembers to put ice in tubes to keep cold. Coffee machine is slow but delivers good cup  Management needs to shake up this crew and whip into shape.   Front desk staff polite but reserved. Bartender was attentive but be warned the bar closes early.    ,Date of stay: May 2017,4.0
1291,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1295-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Nice GWR Tower Rooms but awkward to get to,We have stayed here a couple of times for central location and the ease of access to and from Heathrow. Just prior to New Year we booked a night in a GWR Tower room using points. These rooms are excellent as they are spacious and had recently been upgraded The one major negative with the Tower Rooms was initially finding where the room is. When you haven't stayed in the Tower rooms before it is a total pain trying to find your way from check in to the room. The verbal instructions on how to reach the room given to us by the check in staff were confusing and signage doesn't help. A route card would have been useful.   Booking the room gave access to the exec lounge. It is very small with outdated decor and needs an upgrade. While the breakfast was standard fare the staff in the…,Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
1292,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1295-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,The Brasserie Restaurant,"A surprisingly decent meal for a hotel restaurant, chosen randomly near Paddington train station - where we needed to be. Staff very good - attentive and responsive without any drama...they quickly and quietly changed a sirloin steak which was not cooked as ordered (requested rare and got medium). Wine selection also did not disappoint, so all in all I would recommend and would revisit.",Date of stay: May 2017,4.0
1293,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1295-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Excellent stay with central location,Excellent location with the London tube system and direct access to Paddington Rail Station making traveling to Heathrow Airport extremely easy. Abundant eateries within walking distance. My hotel room is spacious and nicely furnished with comfortable bed.,Date of stay: May 2017,4.0
1294,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1295-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,A good experience,This hotel is in an excellent position for onward travel to Heathrow.  I was travelling alone so I appreciated the fact that I had minimum distance to handle my luggage.  The staff were friendly and the service was excellent,Date of stay: April 2017,5.0
1295,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1300-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,I would have expected better from the brand.,"So, with not too much on over the May bank holiday, decided to visit The Hilton London Paddington for a couple of nights, as I have some visitors coming to London later this year.  The bedroom was large, and was clean. But within a very short time of arriving in it, came the first little irritation. No Hairdryer. Checked all the draws, found the iron, the ironing board, a phone in the bathroom. But no hair dryer. Housekeeping were called and one was delivered very promptly. Next, their was mold residue behind the shower curtain, indicating lack of attention during the cleaning process. On the tile at the side of the bath where the metalwork is attached, was rust residue, which could be clearly seen. These irritations could again have been fixed with a scrubbing pad and some…",Date of stay: May 2017,3.0
1296,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1300-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,our second home,"very conveniently located,next to paddington station.plenty of restaurants around and very good transport links.every time in london we stay here. it ticks all boxes,its satisfies any request always warm and welcoming.nice to come here again.",Date of stay: April 2017,5.0
1297,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1300-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Exellent location when arriving from Heatrow,"Great when you come with the Heatrow express train, and well located to enjoy the town. Good rooms, good breakfast buffet. We were there as part of a large group and everything was ready when we arrived. The staff was friendly.",Date of stay: April 2017,4.0
1298,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1300-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Expensive for What you Get,"This hotel is well situated but it is way over priced!  There are much better hotels at this price in London.  I stayed there as it was the venue for a Job Fair which required me to stay there.  However, a colleague stayed at the Conrad, which was cheaper and far better value for money!",Date of stay: April 2017,3.0
1299,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1300-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,What .... no bar,Right outside tube station (if you take Praed Street exit that is). Helpfully staff in all areas of the hotel. Perhaps needs a little interior makeover. Only had breakfast and that was nice.   However bar shuts early .... not a good point for corporate guests. ,Date of stay: April 2017,4.0
1300,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1305-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Perfect for layover flights,"I usually travel with RTW tickets via star alliance, and travel just about every month for business to several countries through out the world.    I occasionally have to stay in London for at least 24 hours, and always stay at this hotel.  Due to staying at a Hilton every time, I am also a Hilton Diamond member :)  ROOM - I've stayed in a normal room, jr suite, and suite.  Trust me, they are all nice.  Clean, and very spacious for London.   LOCATION - 15min train ride from Heathrow, and perfect for layover flights.  Just get on a cab to go anywhere, or just use the metro (tube) that is literally right in front of the hotel.  AMENITIES - Everything you need is there, you don't need to bring anything :)  RESTAURANT - Typical English breakfast, nothing fancy a normal selection of…",Date of stay: March 2017,3.0
1301,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1305-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Mixed Bag, Mostly Good","First of all, the convenience cannot be beat -- especially easy, I think,  for women traveling solo. Having said that, some directional signage from the Heathrow Express platform would be helpful. As it is, there is NONE, and for first-timers that means asking the cheery lady or gent at the info desk. Still, it's EASY.   I also think booking in the Tower makes ALL the difference in the world at this hotel -- and from what I heard from other guests, that includes the Executive rooms in the main wing.   Having a Tower room means absolute quiet, and if you're a no noise freak like I am that means everything. You're in your own private world in the Tower, with a full stall shower complete with a door that closes ALL the way, superior amenities, even more TV channels, outstanding…",Date of stay: April 2017,4.0
1302,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1305-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Excellent chioce in town with an early morning flight,"Transiting LHR from South Africa going home to the US we elected to spend two nights in London. The weather was a bit nasty so getting off the Heathrow Express at Paddington and following the small bit of signage to the Hilton was perfect. Stayed in the GWR tower and had a great room. Not the greatest view but we had plans to visit old haunts anyway. The lounge was small but complete with breakfast and snacks and drinks in the evening. The staff were very pleasant and when we had a problem with the room temperature it was fixed very quickly. The only down side is then the main part of the hotel lost power. Although the tower is on a different main, we lost internet and going outside was a bit tricky in the dark of the main hotel.  Coming back, the power was back on and things…",Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
1303,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1305-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Hilton Paddington London,"Easy way in and out of London, always a short way to the Heatrow Express. Clean hotel, you often get your room early in the day if you have a mrng flight. Easy excess to the rest of London with the Tube close at hand",Date of stay: April 2017,4.0
1304,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1305-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Right location, right price","I usually stay at the Paddington Hilton when I'm in London. It's a very nice hotel, it's in a great location, the rates are reasonable, and its' conveniently attached to Paddington Station (which makes travel to and from Heathrow a breeze).",Date of stay: April 2017,5.0
1305,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1310-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Excellent hotel that provides all you need,Superb staff and obliging. Great stay with my wife and Mother in Law ! Ideal location and just very easy.  Allowed to check in to the room early and great help from the Concierge as we had to leave luggage. Left the ladies. To it and I got my taxi to London Heathrow back to Africa! ,Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
1306,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1310-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Excellent hotel for arriving or departing Heathrow.,Friendly Reception.  Beautiful spotless room tastefully appointed.  Great WiFi.  Indian buffet at lunch time. Underground outside the door and trains to LHR and the West Country.  If it's raining you can connect to your transportation without stepping outside.  When arriving by train at Paddington there is no signage directing the way to the hotel.  Best to ask.  Overall Good value. ,Date of stay: April 2017,5.0
1307,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1310-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Super convenient to LHR for 24 hour layover,I stayed here upon arriving in London from overseas and again when staging to leave via LHR. This hotel was perfect for a 24 hour layover in London. It is a quick 15 minutes from LHR via the Heathrow Express. I am an avid walker and found this hotel conveniently located in central London for me to walk to many of the sites around town. The staff were friendly and helpful. The room was clean and very nice.,Date of stay: April 2017,4.0
1308,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1310-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Busy, old hotel in high traffic area  - good for Heathrow Express","I stayed here for work for 3 nights and the rooms are SOOOO small. we chose one online using the app before we checked it as it was a bit larger and we were so glad we did. The ceilings were very low and the rooms very dark. The bathroom was large and bight and like many other Hilton's.   the lobby is very busy and it is connected to Paddington Station. Which is convenient if you are taking the Heathrow Express, but it also means it is a very high traffic lobby. I was surprised that there was not added security to get up to the rooms, since anyone off the street or station could walk in and go up to the guest floors. If I was a solo female traveler I would suggest staying someone a bit more secure.   The food was good in the restaurant and the staff seemed very nice.   I have a…",Date of stay: February 2017,3.0
1309,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1310-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Good,"Nice room the GWR room. Lovely weather -perfect break xxxx. But still awaiting a refund. executive Lounge not near the same high quality as in Hilton Canary Wharf which was much more spacious. Tower Lounge was not as good as the one on the ground floor but nonetheless it is definitely nice to have the Lounge,",Date of stay: April 2017,4.0
1310,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1315-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Hilton Paddington Very good Stay,"Hotel is in good location with great access to Heathrow Express   and the underground. Room we had (Queen suite) worked great for the three of us (2 adults/one child) as we had two bathrooms.  Executive Lounge, although quite small, worked as well for breakfast and drinks before dinner.  A few restaurants around the hotel within walking distance and taxi can take you to others quite close.  Would stay again if in area.",Date of stay: April 2017,4.0
1311,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1315-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,A Towering experience ,"By that I mean, the GWR tower which offers upscale accommodations. The non tower rooms quality and comfort are well below those in the Tower. I don't stay in those rooms anymore. A bit run down and dingy. Excellent location for travelers coming from heathrow. Jump on the express and jump off at paddington and you are moments from the hotel! Restaurants in the area offer good selection but the many Lebanese/oriental options are wonderful. Just a short to Hyde park and Oxford street shopping. Mayfair is just a bit farther but very accessible on foot.  Taxis are plentiful at all hours. There are better hotels if you want a ""Pip, Pip, Cheerio"" old school experience but none as convenient. ",Date of stay: April 2017,4.0
1312,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1315-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Gross, terrible rooms, not worth it.",If you are looking for decent location and don't care if your room is stuffy old stains on the walls then go for this hotel.  We stayed here for two nights on hilton honor points and were very disappointed.,Date of stay: April 2017,1.0
1313,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1315-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Hilton Honors - waste of time,Booked a room months ago for £218. Checked in on line and offered a choice of room as HH member. Got to Hotel and we couldn't have the room we'd chosen some fault or other. Allocated an overheated broom cupboard with abysmal roof view. Could have booked on line the day before for £180. Hilton need to get their act together.,Date of stay: April 2017,2.0
1314,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1315-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Clean hotel, super convenient for train to London Heathrow",Very clean hotel with lots of amenities.  The rooms at the top floor with balconies have stunning views.  Walking distance to Kensington Palace.  Super convenient access to train for night stay before early flight out of London Heathrow.,Date of stay: March 2017,4.0
1315,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1320-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Small fixes would make this a much better choice,"Short summary of my 3 night stay in Hilton Paddington this April.          The good: Located on top of Paddington Station, so the communications to/from Heathrow and the city centre is excellent. Friendly and helpful staff, from reception via housekeeping to breakfast staff. The room itself was also quite good. Was upgraded, to a deluxe, however I did not see much luxury above normal standard. The interior of the hotel is quite dated, so not my style preference, but it was well maintained. Mid-sized room, with a comfortable king bed. My room was on the third floor, facing the station, but there was absolutely no noise, so sleep was undisturbed. Bathroom was quite spacious, with plenty of hot water. The breakfast experience was quite good, with plenty to choose from. It did get…",Date of stay: April 2017,4.0
1316,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1320-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Terrible Customer Service,"Since the last week of March, I have been trying to cancel a reservation (for four nights) that I made for a conference being held at the hotel.   Although I understand there are additional circumstances, I am astounded at the level of rigidity I am encountering--especially considering I was initially quoted a cancellation fee of one night when I attempted to cancel the reservation through online chat, and was then directed to the hotel. In trying to follow procedure I did reach out the hotel, spoke with three different staff members, and received no follow up whatsoever. I also spoke with a fourth staff member who asked me to send an email with specific details; I did so, but I have yet to receive her response.   I thought that notifying them at the earliest date would allow…",Date of stay: April 2017,1.0
1317,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1320-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Excellent Hotel Ideal For Heathrow Express Passengers,"We were a little worried staying here, after we had booked, because the reviews we read were a bit hit-or-miss! Some people seemed to have had a fantastic stay, while others said the place was no-so-good, or occasionally, terrible! Well I am here to corroborate the experiences of those who had a fantastic, thoroughly enjoyable stay.   When we first booked the Hilton Paddington London, we did so because were going to be using the Heathrow Express from and back to the airport and we wanted maximum convenience without having to walk further on too far, or take the tube on to somewhere else. Originally there was just going to be two of us, so we booked a standard double room through Expedia. When we learned that a family member who lives in England was going to join us we upgraded…",Date of stay: March 2017,5.0
1318,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1320-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Bad service,"Hotel is in insecure area - was robbed just infront and iPhone taken. No assistance coming forth from the hotel, operator couldn't even manage to call the police right away. Had credit card temporary locked - in response hotel cut my teleophone line and locked minibar without informing me. No communication, no apologies, ....",Date of stay: April 2017,1.0
1319,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1320-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Nice room, but bad service","On the end of our trip we stayed one night here because it is right above the express train to Heathrow. So the location is great. We had one of the newer GW tower rooms and it was very large and beautiful. However, once we got to the room it was 30 degrees Celsius (nearly 90F). They had left the windows open and it just baked in the sun. We called for help cooling the room, but after awhile nobody came. So we had to change in the hallway to avoid sweating and left for the night. When we came back, nobody had come to fix the thermostat, but fortunately it had cooled into the 20s.   Yet that was not the worst part. They don't give free Wi-Fi even though we are Hilton Gold. They claimed that since we booked on Expedia and not through them that we were not eligible for free Wi-Fi.…",Date of stay: April 2017,3.0
1320,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1325-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Really, no free wifi?","While the location is great, to pay GBP 13.00/day for mediocre wifi is an insult. What's next? Charge for flushing the toilet and turning on the lights? I won't be staying at Hilton Paddington again if I can help it. ",Date of stay: April 2017,2.0
1321,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1325-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Hilton Paddington,"Two nights in London, room with access to executive lounge. Good : Very nice and serviceminded staff. Pretty large room with good beds. Very smooth If travelling with Heathrow Express. Areas of improvement : Breakfast in lounge not so good, a bit limited and boring assortment. ",Date of stay: April 2017,4.0
1322,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1325-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel ,"Nice hotel, close to the angel station, walking distance. Breakfast was good, offer in many options. The room we stayed was small but still nice and clean. There was also nice lobby where you can sit and enjoy. ",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
1323,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1325-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Very decent hotel, good location","Arrived into LHR and decided to try the HEX to Paddington. Excellent and no hassle. Even better when I realized access to the hotel can be literally accessed  from the station concourse. Welcomed as a HH and the family room given. Good 2 night stay and not far from Kensington and Notting Hill. Breakfast very good, we ate out during the stay. Internet very good and 4 bottles of water replenished every day, a note that its sister hotel in Euston could take note of!",Date of stay: March 2017,4.0
1324,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1325-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Come on Hilton it's 2017,Hotel is central clean as you would expect but why do these large hotels still charge for wifi? The little cafe's nearby can offer free wifi but the major hotels have to screw the last penny out of guests for example £5.40 for a Latte and then 10% service charge just to pass the cup over the counter to me. Rip off comes to mind,Date of stay: April 2017,2.0
1325,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1330-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Excellent location, rooms and staff","We traveled here on the tail end of a business trip. The location at Paddington station is a big advantage for travelers. I heard no noise from the street due to the double windows. Our room and bed were very comfortable and it had one of the best bathrooms I have ever encountered in Europe: the shower appears to have been designed by North Americans-- it was roomy, had excellent water temperature and pressure, and did not allow water to spray everywhere in the bathroom. We had access to the lounge and this was very good as well. Highly recommended for business or couples. We plan to return later in the year.",Date of stay: April 2017,5.0
1326,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1330-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Very Nice Hotel. Enjoyed the stay,"Lovely entrance and lobby. The room was very nice and comfortable. Bed was good, bathroom very nice and clean. The hotel is right opposite the Tube Station so very handy for getting around London. Didn't try the restaurants or bars as late in and early out but will be back.",Date of stay: April 2017,5.0
1327,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1330-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Still a fan,"I've stayed in here many times and written previous reviews. I'm pleased to say that my recent stay was just as good as ever, the room was spacious and well appointed. Standard buffet breakfast offering, but charming service from Nyson. This hotel is so convenient for the Heathrow Express that I would never consider staying at one of the numerous hotels on the Bath Road at Heathrow. Staying here meant we could enjoy a evening at the theatre before my partner's early morning flight. My only negative comment is that the bathroom fittings are beginning to show their age and could do with an update.",Date of stay: April 2017,4.0
1328,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1330-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,WEEKEND TRIP,"Restricted Access to  unload, even from a Coach. Clean ex Railway Hotel with fine wood panelling. Our room was large ,clean and overlooking the station Arch.Quiet for London. From previous experience,ask to avoid rooms on the side overlooking the Main Station Entrance.Can be very noisy in the evening. Breakfast excellent with massive choice and well organised. Dinner best avoided ,expensive, little atmosphere and average at best. Many restaurants in easy walking distance.",Date of stay: April 2017,4.0
1329,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1330-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Location is excellent.. New renovated rooms..,"Closest Central London Hotel. Just step off the London Heathrow Express 15 min from Heathrow, and you are there. Adjacent to the station.. The executive breakfast room has a direct view into the station.. surprisingly interesting.  They have the new Tower rooms, which are renovated and modern.. but on 2 levels.. (2 large steps..). Though to get to the tower the passage inside the hotel is rather complex and long.. The Gym is small has a few machines..",Date of stay: April 2017,4.0
1330,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1335-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Hilton Paddington,"Let me start off by saying that this hotel is great! I was visiting friends in London! This hotel is centrally located in London and is attached to the Paddington train station! The hotel is an iconic landmark inLondon! The hotel staff are all professional, courteous and knowledgeable about London! The hotel rooms are modern, chic and very-well maintained! This hotel offers a lobby lounge which is perfect for winding down after a long day sight-seeing in London! I definitely can not say enough about this hotel and its team-members! Definitely, two thumbs up! I will stay at this hotel when I am visiting London! ",Date of stay: March 2017,5.0
1331,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1335-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great Option for Heathrow Travelers,"We had to catch an early morning flight out of Heathrow airport. Traveling from the South of England, we decided to spend the night at the Hilton London Paddington and then catch the Heathrow Express first thing in the morning.  Our train arrived at Paddington Station, and we literally rolled our trolleys from the tracks into the lobby. The check-in was fast and professional, our room was nicely decorated, with a comfortable bed, quiet, and clean. There's a plethora of restaurants and pubs in the area. If you're an art enthusiast, the Serpentine Gallery is just a 20-minute stroll through Kensington Gardens away.   The next morning we had quick breakfast in the hotel coffee shop, then boarded the Heathrow Express. Twenty minutes later we arrived at the terminal.  Staying at the…",Date of stay: January 2017,4.0
1332,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1335-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Paddington Hilton Hotel,I travel for business and whenever possible and in London I stay at this hotel because it is very convenient and easy to get to from the airport.  The Heathrow Express runs trains from the airport to Paddington station about 4 time per hour.  Then once I get to Paddington station I can walk right into the hotel without leaving the train station.,Date of stay: March 2017,5.0
1333,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1335-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,SUPER POOR SERVICE,"Extremely poor service. Had meeting at hotel bar (spent 200 bucks) and asked concierge to charge my phone after. The guy simply refused, despite having an unused charger right there. Like: right there. So ridiculous. Had to ask for the manager to get it charged. #hierarchies #empowerment   Wonder what their staff meetings look like? ""Rule #1: NEVER charge someone's phone without seeking approval from manager before"".",Date of stay: April 2017,1.0
1334,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1335-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Over Night Stay,"Our 1st visit to London as a family, and my daughter's loved the hotel. As soon as you enter the large chandelier is very impressive and all the staff were helpful and welcoming.   The suit was very clean and tidy, and the mini bar was well stocked, along with the tea and coffee facilities available. The beds were very comfortable, and when more pillows were requested they arrived very quickly.   At breakfast there is a large variety available, something for everyone.   Very family friendly and would definitely stay again. ",Date of stay: April 2017,5.0
1335,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1340-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Love this hotel - except for the Elevators,"This is a favorite hotel for me when I need to get all around London. Connected to the Heathrow Express, trains, tube and amenities, it has it all. My only complaint is that the elevators are slow, painfully slow.  On a recent Saturday morning, it took nearly 7 minutes to get a lift. Hopefully this is something the hotel can fix as they never are there immediately. ",Date of stay: April 2017,4.0
1336,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1340-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Overnight Stay,Beautiful Art Deco hotel kept in immaculate condition.  Rooms well appointed and spacious by UK standards.  Ideally located.  Connects to Paddington Station through lobby with access to Heathrow Express and London Underground.  Very comfortable and quiet.  Never heard a train or traffic while in the room.  Staff was friendly and welcoming.,Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
1337,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1340-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Older hotel layout but well maintained, designated entry onto train station.","I stayed here for one night to be closer to the Heathrow Express on a very early morning flight. The hotel is on a older hotel building that logically limits the layout of the rooms. I stayed in one of those rooms with an interior ""view"" (aka no view, just some light from a skylight void). The bed was small but everything in the room worked. There are some nice restaurants around the area and there is some life in the area although it isn't my favorite part of London.   The hotel has its own passage access to the train station, but they don't tell you that when you check in. I'd say front desk service is a bit unflattering, but the grounds are kept well. I recall that they charged for Internet which is really a downer. They have a small restaurant and offer breakfast, but the…",Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
1338,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1340-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Stopped in for afternoon tea,"I had a little time before my train from Paddington, so stopped into the bistro for afternoon tea. Service was prompt, and the food good. A bit pricey compared to what you get, but given the location and brand, it was about what I would expect. I'd go again if the situation merited it - very convenient location",Date of stay: March 2017,4.0
1339,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1340-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Four stars for the location,"I stayed here twice in the last month, so will put a combined review together. As a Hilton Diamond, I think the rooms and service could be a bit better, but overall the pros far outweigh any cons. Pros: Location. Literally inside the station, a short walk away from the heathrow express, underground and GWR rail service. Its fantastic. I spent one night after a red eye from the US - took the heathrow express in - they had a room ready even at 11 AM, thank you - that is wonderful. The room itself is a bit dated in the old wing, but hey that is easy to overlook. The next time I had an early morning train to oxford, returning the same day, and stayed at the hotel - nothing could be more convenient. Taxi cabs and uber are plentiful. Easy to get to other parts of central london on…",Date of stay: March 2017,4.0
1340,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1345-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Good only if you need to use Paddington,"I spent here one night as I was taking the Heathrow Express the following day. Rooms are small and feel really old, and to get to my room I had to climb lots of stairs. The best thing about this property is the fact that it connects directly to Paddington, making it very convenient to commute. ",Date of stay: March 2017,3.0
1341,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1345-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Friendly Staff,Was in the Paddington area and had an hour to kill before hopping on the Heathrow Express.  Visited the hotel lounge for a few beers and was happy with their efficient and speedy attention.  Could see a lot of Asian staff at their lounge and they were incredibly friendly and cheerful.  Impressed.,Date of stay: March 2017,4.0
1342,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1345-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,London Hilton,"Overall location is good for traveling (directly above the train station) near the tube, and easy to navigate. Breakfast was excellent with a huge selection. The hotel is a bit older, but it is still nice. ",Date of stay: March 2017,4.0
1343,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1345-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Excellent Staff,"Excellent customer Service.Staff were polite , and a pleasure to converse with.  24hours short comfortable pleasant experience. Conveniently located into central London and London Heathrow Airport.First time staying , will return if need be ,as staff are lovely. Hotel in general could do with a  modern refresh .",Date of stay: March 2017,4.0
1344,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1345-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Very Good 4 Star Hotel,"For a 4 Star Hotel the Hilton Paddington really delivers. The tower room I stayed in seemed recently refurbished. The location is excellent for airport connections and access to central London. The staff are friendly, efficient and helpful. Best of all I was offered early check in at 8am. After a long haul flight from Australia this was most welcome. ",Date of stay: March 2017,5.0
1345,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1350-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,You wanna spend £200 when you know how many people have slept in this bed..?,"Yet again - dreadful.   Ive stayed in every category and suite this hotel has to offer. With the exception of the GWR rooms, the suites, are specially  in appalling condition. Do not be fooled into thinking the executive lounge downstairs is in anyway exclusive. Its not. Its Dirty, and understaffed. Just talk to to the staff themselves when they have a moment, and they will tell you.Breakfast is feeding time at the zoo. Mark Roth, the previous GM, has scooted. He lasted about as long as Mike Williamson, the previous GM, both who promised they would be updating the suites and old exec rooms, but of course never did...Its always a fob off...   This hotel, like all other Hiltons, spends millions in marketing trying to convince you how clean, fresh and relaxing it is...when actually…",Date of stay: March 2017,1.0
1346,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1350-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Standard Hilton ,"I stayed in March 17 and had a very nice stay.  My room was large and quiet and I experienced no additional noise during my stay.  I felt the lobby area and lounge space to be quite busy, so didn't spend much time there, but it looked popular. There are lots of bars/restaurants near by, however the Paddington area isn't the best.  I would have no reservations staying again if in the area.",Date of stay: March 2017,4.0
1347,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1350-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Looks Aren't Everything,"It's a beautiful hotel with a nice foyer and hallways and dining areas and lounges.  It's also directly connected to Paddington Station so it's a quick walk to/from the station directly through the hotel's linking corridor.  However...looks aren't everything.  We made reservations months ago for 2 rooms, and 1 of those rooms was a family room for 3 persons.  It was a prepaid nonrefundable rate inclusive of breakfast made directly through Hilton's website.  I took the time and trouble of checking in online and choosing the exact rooms so they would be close together.  Upon checkin the family room only had 1 bed, a light fixture that had been disconnected and pieces lying around the room.  We made a quick call to the front desk and told them of the issue and then went out for…",Date of stay: March 2017,2.0
1348,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1350-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Good business hotel,The hotel is very practical for Business. It is directly connected to the Paddington train station. It means direct access to the airport express. The staff is very friendly. The room was spacious and clean. The breakfast buffet was very good. Just in the back of the hotel you can find the little Venice with lovely canals and restaurants. ,Date of stay: March 2017,4.0
1349,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1350-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Awesome location,"My wife and I stayed in this hotel in 10.3 - 13.3. Our room was 531. The room was clean, spacious and quiet. Only negative thing was that the room was a bit warm even thought it had an air condition. But opening the windows helped to cool the room temperature down.   If you want to stay in a hotel with good location, you should choose this hotel. The hotel breakfast was a great traditional English breakfast. The continental breakfast was also included. I recommend this hotel to everyone who wants a high quality stay.",Date of stay: March 2017,4.0
1350,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1355-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Convenience at its best ,We booked to stay in this hotel for pure convenience. We arrived early morning in London and by chance they had a room ready . Quick shower and change and off to meetings . The location is great straight from Heathrow express into the hotel . To get back to the airport just as easy . The hotel is on the underground so easy to go around the whole of London.   Good choice for quick in and out London trip . ,Date of stay: March 2017,5.0
1351,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1355-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Enjoyable but with a few issues,"Saturday 18 March, Room 471  Stayed here with my partner for one night. Front desk staff extremely attentive and room was a decent size with a nice view over Paddington Station. Room service dinner and breakfast downstairs the next day were both delicious.    A few small issues:   - When trying to order room service, we rang the number several times over a 10-minute period before someone answered. However, it has to be said that the food arrived very quickly.   - Bathroom towels were threadbare and not what you would expect from a 4* hotel in Paddington    - The room was very warm even with the fan on. Managed to open one sash window a crack but the other one did not function. Room cooled down after that.     - TV reception seemed to be intermittent on many channels but some…",Date of stay: March 2017,3.0
1352,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1355-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Large rooms ,I changed rooms several times. First looked into a wall. Staff very accommodating and helped find a suitable room. How er it was beside a hospital and train entrances therefore extremely loud day and night. Double glaze windows should be essential. The room was stuffy and hot even with no heating. No dressing gowns or slippers offered. The hotel is huge and rooms are a long walk from the lifts.  The Staff were 5 star. Extremely helpful with everything ,Date of stay: March 2017,3.0
1353,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1355-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great Location - Good Value,Great location if you need to get to Heathrow.  Overall the prices is a little high but fair - not an amazing deal.  Room are smaller but you expect that in London.  Generally I find the service very good.  A large number of restaurants are near the hotel so it is also good for food options.  Can not beat the convenience if you plan to take Heathrow Express to airport.,Date of stay: March 2017,4.0
1354,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1355-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Avoid this expensive trap!,"This hotel needs some major love. It's old and badly kept. The lobby is dingy/dusty and the carpets are fraying. Everything just looks un-cared for. My room, which was an upgraded room in the newest section of the hotel, was tiny. The bed took practically every square inch - it was so small I had to go to the lounge across the hall to put on my shoes in the morning. And super expensive for what it was. That said, the executive lounge in the newer part of the building was VERY nice. Had an awesome breakfast every morning plus lovely drinks in the evening in a very modern setting. Not enough to make me go back here, but that part was notably well done.",Date of stay: October 2016,3.0
1355,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1360-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Convenient comfortable hotel,"My husband and I have stayed at this hotel several times and have always had a good experience.  It's centrally located and after a long flight from Australia, it's great to get off the Heathrow Express and walk straight in.  Rooms are large by London standards and the hotel has all the amenities you'd expect from an international chain.  The staff are always helpful.  On this visit we were given an 'accessible' room which was very spacious.  A minor annoyance was the lack of towel rails.  The only place to leave your dry towel close to the shower was on the floor.  Also there was no soap dish or shelf in the shower.  But overall it's a great place to stay and we'll be back again, maybe not in that room!",Date of stay: March 2017,4.0
1356,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1360-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Convenient to Paddington Station and nearby business centers,It's not a special place but certainly high quality.  Being able to get to/from Heathrow in 20 minutes from the adjacent train station is a big benefit.  The tube is right there as well.  Easy walking but not an especially great area for tourist attractions.,Date of stay: February 2017,4.0
1357,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1360-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great Stay,"Another great stay at Paddington.  Arrived early and was greeted with a lovely room.  Station construction is almost complete with very nice new shops and a pleasant atmosphere.  I visit London 3-4 times/year and this is the best place for business, transport and accessibility + the staff is terrific.",Date of stay: March 2017,5.0
1358,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1360-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,London visit,Love this hotel as location at Paddington station. Bus stops nearby and lift from the hotel to tubes and main station.  Staff extremely friendly and helpful.  Breakfast always very good and we had access to the executive lounge during our stay. Would definitely recommend this hotel - location is the best for us as we always use the train. ,Date of stay: March 2017,5.0
1359,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1360-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Repeat Visit,This is my 3rd stay here and won't be my last...I find the hotel is well situated a 50m walk to Paddington station to catch Heathrow Express ....Great food places and pubs at the station if you don't feel like hotel fare as well as some brilliant little restaurants in the area The rooms are clean big for London standards and I find that booking through Bookings .com always good deals It definitely is my choice for London Also the last two trip when I have got their at 10am I haven't had to wait for a room maybe just a little bit lucky,Date of stay: March 2017,5.0
1360,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1365-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Truly awful,"Room is awful - air con doesn't work and you can open window. Staff are on clock work to shut bar. Restaurant is terrible. Reception staff are off with the fairies and really can't advise on anything. Concierge recommended an Indian restaurant that was shocking.  Really, the staff here don't really want to be here. Management need to wake up because it's a great location but stay away whilst they figure it out  One of the worst hotels in London ",Date of stay: March 2017,1.0
1361,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1365-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,London weekend,"For my first visit to the capital I could not have had a better hotel.Situated opposite paddington station , the staff are helpful and friendly. The room was very clean and spacious and the later check out time also means it's not a rush at the end of your stay .The bar provided reasonably priced drinks and food and had an easy going laid back atmosphere .Would definitely stay here again",Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
1362,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1365-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Outstanding stay,"Hi We have just returned from a three nights stay at the Hilton Paddington. It truly ticks all the boxes. The location is perfect, the staff are all extremely helpful and the room was spot on. We will definitely  return",Date of stay: March 2017,5.0
1363,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1365-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Location is everything.,"15m from Heathrow to the front door of the hotel!  Right on the Bakerloo, Circle, District, and Hammersmith & City lines.  Plenty of pubs outside the front door. (see my review on Greene King The Dickens Tavern and The Victoria) This Hilton property hits all of the high notes when it comes to a hotel in the heart of London.  The service was perfect!  The executive lounge on the 1st floor was PERFECT for my 3 year old’s view of Paddington Station, and the upgrade we received because of our diamond status was amazing.  I can say without hesitation, I would stay here each and every trip I make to London given all of the above!  Love this hotel!  Well done on all fronts.",Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
1364,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1365-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Excellent Location,"We decided to take a last minute break to London and booked this hotel with out really doing much research. I am very glad that we did. We were able to step off the Heathrow Express and be checked in and in our room within seven minutes. All staff members we meet throughout our stay were lovely, helpful and friendly. Reception staff went out of their way to be helpful.   Our room was large, spotless and well maintained. The fact that this hotel is attached to a train and tube station makes it an ideal base to explore London.   There is a nice selection of bars, cafes, and shops nearby.   I have already booked for next October and am really looking forward to it.",Date of stay: October 2016,5.0
1365,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1370-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Rooms are nice but slightly dated,"This hotel is in a very good location - at least from a access to public transport point of view. It is certainly better than the metropolitan Hilton down the street, although not a comparison to the one on park lane. Gym is available but a rather small converted guest room. I haven't tried their breakfast. The one thing that is perfect... Access to Paddington station.  This hotel is a perfect location for staying in London even if working in a location asking one of the train lines into Paddington.",Date of stay: February 2017,3.0
1366,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1370-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Convienent and great hotel!!,I frequently travel to London for business and always prefer staying at the Hilton Paddington as it is directly linked to the Paddington train station and Heathrow express train.  I have stayed at this hotel on my last two visits to London and it just keeps getting better and better!  I have stayed both times in the new GWR tower and it is worth every penny. The new rooms are gorgeous and quiet!!  A big shout-out to Omar at the front desk reception. He took very good care of me at check in and helped make my stay perfect.  I will be back!!!,Date of stay: March 2017,5.0
1367,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1370-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Fantastic but expensive,"A great location and relatively large rooms make this an excellent place to stay... but for the enormous rates! If this property were slightly more affordable, I'd recommend it without any hesitation at all. Of course, value in hotels is extremely hard to come by in London. At least you can save a bit by foregoing the restaurant and enjoying the huge variety of eateries in the vicinity. With Paddington tube just beneath, you're within minutes of all of central London's sights.",Date of stay: February 2017,4.0
1368,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1370-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Good location, nice rooms","I stayed at the Hilton Paddington one night on my way home from Europe.  The hotel is especially convenient to Heathrow since the hotel is connected to the Paddington Station from where the Heathrow Express departs.  I originally booked a room in the new tower, and while the room was absolutely lovely and quite large, the window was really small which made the room feel like it was in the basement rather than the 7th floor.  I personally am all about the view, so the front desk moved me to a Terrace Suite.  This room was nothing compared to the tower room, but the terrace and the view from the terrace were spectacular!  They called this a suite, but honestly, it was just a room with an oddly located television (on a pole at the foot of the bed).  I don't know if I'd stay in this…",Date of stay: February 2017,4.0
1369,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1370-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great central London Hotel,We stayed at this hotel for two nights and it is very central for shopping and getting around London.  The staff were excellent and extremely helpful no matter what the request.  Dinner in the hotel restaurant was of an excellent quality.  We would highly recommend it.,Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
1370,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1375-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Weekend away,"We booked a queen suite for three of us and were pleasantly surprised how big it was.  A second-floor room at the front was quite quiet and had high ceilings.  Access to the executive lounge was included, for afternoon coffee and also breakfast.",Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
1371,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1375-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Excellent stay.,"Excellent room in tower. very clean and good size for London, exactly what I would expect from Hilton. Yes you pay a bit extra but that's your choice.  Great location a few mins from station and tube. Limited parking as very central but there's a multi storey within walking distance",Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
1372,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1375-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Excellent Location for Touring London,"From Heathrow Airport we arrived at Paddington Station which was conveniently connected to the hotel via lift from the tube exits. What convenience!!  Check in was very efficient with Fatima. She gave us room 2202 which was nice but had 3 steps down to the bedroom. This is not good for senior citizens who may fall during the night trying to get to the bathroom. Next day we requested another room in the new tower wing that had no such stairs and was assigned to room 2403 on the 4th floor. The executive lounge was located on the 7th floor making it very convenient to take quick snacks or drinks, free of charge, as part of the Tower Wing room benefits. The main lounge was on the main wing, near reception. This was larger and offered cappuccino, Choco and Mocca aside from espresso.…",Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
1373,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1375-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Amazing GWR Tower rooms,"At my recent stay at the London Hilton Paddington, I was able to stay at the GWR tower rooms, with access to the executive lounge. The room was very nicely decorated, and very ample and comfortable. The executive lounge served a very nice breakfast.",Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
1374,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1375-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Excellent hotel,"The location is very good and the room was excellent, great facilities and really quiet.  Breakfast catered for all taste with plenty of options.  The internet facilities worked really well and when we had an issue with the TV it was sorted immediately.",Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
1375,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1380-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great location for the business traveler or tourist,"Very conveniently located.  Take the Heathrow Express train from the airport to the hotel and save time and money.  The hotel is great for the business or leisure traveler. Overall clean and quiet.  Hilton staff are always excellent and this location is no exception.  I travel to the UK a couple of times a month.  When I have meetings in London or can reach other meetings by train, Ill use this Hilton.  When I need to visit other countries from the UK, I stay at the Hilton Terminal 4 at Heathrow.",Date of stay: February 2017,4.0
1376,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1380-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Business Hotel,"The Towers rooms are nice, spacious and comfortable.  The main selling point of this hotel is the proximity to Paddington, you walk through the station into the hotel.  The reception are is dark and dreary and in need of a complete refresh, although it sees a lot of traffic through the hotel.  Reception staff could be friendlier.",Date of stay: February 2017,3.0
1377,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1380-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Easy Access to LHR,"The Hilton London Paddington has great access to London and London Heathrow Airport.  It is a great hotel but I think its greatest attribute is location.  Connected to Paddington Station it has easy access to sites in London.  Via Heathrow Express it is less than a half hour to Terminals 2, 3, and 5 at LHR.  Terminal 4 requires a bus transfer from the Terminal 2 and 3 train stop.  You can buy a ticket in advance from the hotel concierge which saves time too.",Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
1378,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1380-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Good and grand,The lobby itself is grand. Spacious rooms. We had an executive room and that even had a private balcony! The room also gave access to the executive lounge where breakfast and complimentary evening snacks are served with tea and coffee. What surprised me was that this room actually had a lesser rate than a normal room. Good service. There were some issues with hot water on it first night of stay but such issues might be expected in such a big hotel in winter. The staff did try to fix it. Worth the money,Date of stay: January 2017,4.0
1379,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1380-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,at the bac k of the  Railway  station and near Hyde Park,"Hilton is a  busy Hotel , in between  the Metro station  and   the Railway station of Paddington.  The lobby is  somewhat neglected   and small  but my room at the  first floor  was  large, well kept  and the room  service excellent. Good  sleeping in a   confortable bed.  A plus of the hotel is its proximity to Hyde Park.  This is of obvious relevance for joggers.",Date of stay: February 2017,4.0
1380,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1385-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Location is the only good thing about this hotel,"The rooms are so-so, the food and drink are so-so but very expensive, the service in the restaurant is terrible and the room rates are too high.  It's only redeeming feature is that it is co-located with Paddington Station.",Date of stay: February 2017,2.0
1381,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1385-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Always wanted to stay!,I've always wanted to stay at the Hilton Paddington as a precursor to flying out of LHR and finally got around to doing so.  What a great hotel!  I will return.  Everything was first rate + and I like the location also.,Date of stay: January 2017,5.0
1382,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1385-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great location,Overall had a very pleasant stay at Hilton Paddington for our Valentines Weekend in London.  Hotel is perfectly located next to Paddington Station.  Excellent breakfast. Good nights sleep Would recommend! ,Date of stay: February 2017,4.0
1383,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1385-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Good hotel - great staff,Room was clean and comfortable - the decor is a little outdated  - neither modern or retro - just a bit bland. Location is great being right by the station. Staff are very helpful and make it a very pleasant place to stay,Date of stay: February 2017,4.0
1384,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1385-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Great location, nice hotel","Stayed here for business.. centrally located within walking distance from office. Easy train ride directly from airport to Paddington station, super convenient.  Nice rooms and amenities as well as good service with hotel staff.  Had lunch buffet and the good wasn't great plus service was not great. Took forever to get water.   Would recommend for anyone staying in London and needing a nice hotel in a good location.",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
1385,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1390-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Feb 2017,"Fantastic. Recommend it to all I travel with. Heathrow express makes it all possible. Room was amazing - not many in West London with a view and balcony. 10 year experience at this facility, always top notch. Never any issues. Early check in from SFO or DXB arrival is so welcome and always happens.. Thanks!",Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
1386,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1390-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Upset stomach day after,Unusually tasting chips half cold half warm and steak warmish didn't reckon much to the curry and people serving who's English isn't the first language to complain too. Resulted with diahorhea day after.,Date of stay: November 2016,2.0
1387,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1390-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great place,"I had none of the issues that others talk about. Nice place, great vfm for London, we experienced helpful and efficient service.  Now, I am a Hilton gold member, so that may have affected how well they treated me, but it was great. Members get access to the lounge with free breakfast and snacks. I had booked a queen suite to fit our family of four, but they gave us two adjoining rooms which worked well.  The only issue we had was that it was noisy at night. Our room faced onto London Road. The traffic noise was minimal, so we fell asleep easily, but now and again all night there is the odd bang that sounds like large planks of wood dropping.  Sirens once and a while as well. The sound seems to ricochet around the streets with nothing to absorb the sound. My guess is this will be…",Date of stay: February 2017,4.0
1388,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1390-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Fantastic Staff and location make this hotel a must for Business meetings,"I really can't thank the staff enough for really going the extra mile to ensure that we had a successful meeting and event at the hotel. I want to mention again, those who excelled every expectation and delivered the best customer service I've ever had at a hotel: Alis, Mourad, Salesh, Rakesh, Alexandra, Mustafa, Vickki, Renata and Kevin, you are a fantastic team. Location is so easy for business meetings and food, drinks and atmosphere is great.",Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
1389,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1390-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,London revisited.,"Pleasant4night stay, great location and helpful staff. Very good breakfast to begin each day. Better lighting in the room for reading would be beneficial. Lots of restuarants close by to enjoy a different one each night.",Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
1390,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1395-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great location!,"I travel to London often. First time staying at Hilton. Chose it for its proximity to Paddington station as Heathrow Express train delivers you to Hilton's front door from airport in 15 minutes! Upon arriving the staff was friendly and check in quick. The room was spaceous, comfortable and clean.  I had room service which was delicious! Great stay over all! ",Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
1391,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1395-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,SENSATIONAL,"JUST AMAZING. Stayed in the tower suite, worth the money. Amazing expensive and lovely treatment by executive lounge staff during breakfast. Only negatives about the tower suite; the noise travels down the glass stairs and the room is FREEZING during night time. But overall this is an amazing hotel.",Date of stay: January 2017,5.0
1392,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1395-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great location,I stayed here for a business event.  The bar and front of house staff are so friendly and helpful. Great rooms very comfortable. Great location. Wasn't too expensive either. Breakfast was great with a good section.,Date of stay: January 2017,4.0
1393,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1395-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,A bit worn out central hotel,The hotel is OK and is excellently located if you are travelling to and from Heathrow.  The hotel is a bit worn out but still OK.  Restaurants and service good.  Bathrooms old fashion with problematic drainage.  Only UK plugs and no USB outlet.,Date of stay: February 2017,3.0
1394,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1395-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Excellent location but it is time to renovate,The hotel is in a great location. I just would have they should renovate by now. Service is good and staff are polite and friendly. Cleanliness is up to standards and the bed is great. Online selection of the room is a nice feature. ,Date of stay: February 2017,3.0
1395,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1400-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Very well located hotel,"The best value of this hotel is its location. Otherwise I must say that it's not a real Hilton experience. You can feel the age of this place. It's not a bad hotel but I think from this brand you would expect much more. Selection at the breakfast is quite limited (again - not bad but there are many Hilton hotels with much better selection), rooms are not the most spacious, offering in the lounge (if you have access) is quite boring and completely no desserts (???). The most decisive factor when choosing this hotel is its location - very convenient, easy to access the whole city from here. If not this I would probably look for a different hotel despite I am loyal member since many, many years....",Date of stay: February 2017,3.0
1396,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1400-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Very nice hotel!,This was my second stay at the Hilton London Paddington. Room was very nice and roomy and bed was very comfortable! Front desk and room service staff were friendly. My rate came with breakfast included because I am Hilton Gold and it was very good. Lots of hot and cold choices.  Location is great if you are heading to Heathrow. It is adjacent to Paddington station where you can pick up the Heathrow Express.,Date of stay: January 2017,5.0
1397,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1400-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,New Years Eve/Day,Didn't get tickets to the London fireworks and didn't really want to deal with crowds anyway. Booked a terrace suite and enjoyed libations while watching the fireworks from our terrace. Marigold Suite was looking a little long in the tooth (the 80s louvers and odd switches need to go) but bed was super comfy and the two room suite and huge terrace was good for a long weekend. Cannot beat the convenience factor of this hotel but there are fresher accommodations around town. ,Date of stay: January 2017,3.0
1398,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1400-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Love the placement of the hotel,"Good experience! Staff always welcoming! Nice hotel! Great location!  The rooms are specious and comfortable. The good is good, specially breakfast. It has all kind of taste and choices, even for food allergic people to gluten!",Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
1399,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1400-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,A really good sleep ,"This hotel in art deco style has nice rooms, larger than London average.  The best was very confortable and it was very quiet. We thought the hotel was mostly empty but it was actually very busy at breakfast. There's not much going on in the area at the weekend but the tube is just outside and Hyde Park is close.  Very good value for money. ",Date of stay: February 2017,4.0
1400,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1405-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great for Paddington and access to shops and eateries,"I stayed here on a trip back from the US as my last Devon train had left. It was brilliant to get off the Heathrow Express, go straight to the Hilton and stay in a straightforward modern room. I could buy everything I needed in the station shops AND find restaurants nearby. Easy. Will stay again",Date of stay: February 2017,4.0
1401,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1405-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Good location with proximity to transportation.,"Stayed in one of the executive double rooms with family recently, found the staff helpful and friendly,ordered room service and it arrived promptly and was also nicely cooked. However, It was an enormous feat to get the room cool (was quite warm) for the nights we were here as the temperature controls were a bit fiddly. Also had some trouble with the light controls,one switch controlled the lights in the whole room! Spoke to the front desk about it,someone came to have a look and it was 'rectified' but this carried on. Nevertheless, Good sized room and lovely ambience.",Date of stay: February 2017,4.0
1402,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1405-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Very disapointing, noisy and a way too expensive","Stayed here for a quick trip to the city with my partner.  Booked a Hilton as I expected a good hotel with good service and a good facilities.  How wrong I was  Check in was slow, loads of people checking in but only two check in staff, one of who was a trainee and wasn't really sure what she was doing.  Slow check in but eventually got there  Room seemed OK, normal city centre hotel so was expected.  We tried to connect to the Wi-Fi in the room (on the 6th floor) but couldn't seem to get a connection.  Never mind we thought, reception will sort it out for us.  After another long wait we were told we would have to pay £12.50 for 24 hours access to the Wi-Fi!!!  £12.50!!!!!!!  I would have been cheaper to pay for a 30 day 2GB data pack added to my phone.  This was an absolute rip…",Date of stay: December 2016,1.0
1403,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1405-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,There's a trick... ,"There's a little trick to know about this hotel. Simply put, it's to stay in a gwr tower room. Having stayed twice, the gwr room was modern, comfortable and really rather nice. The other rooms....not so much (a/c not working, faulty lights, dated.   Overall, I would, and have, stayed here again. So not a bad choice, just depends on the room. ",Date of stay: January 2017,3.0
1404,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1405-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,One night stay in terrace suite,"I booked a night's stay at this property for its convenient location next to the train station and Heathrow Express. While I had used online check-in, the front desk clerk was kind enough to check the status of my room and, recognizing that the terrace was under repair, she booked me into a different room. The view from the terrace was very nice and the room was a good size. A couple of annoyances though - no outlets near the bed/night stands (in this day and age, it's a priority); and, bathroom sink fixtures in dire need of replacement.  The executive lounge overlooking the train station had a passable breakfast buffet available for a quick bite. I was happy to see a Sbux located off the lobby on the way to the station (a convenient indoor access way).",Date of stay: January 2017,3.0
1405,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1410-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Good location, average experience","Very good location  but the overall experience was average.  Twice happened privacy not to be respected (once with room service just few seconds after door knocking and the day after with cleaning service). Worth to say that in both cases  the staff sincerely apologised.  Check in and check out process was fast, the room was big enough and clean.  The lounge and breakfast area at average level.   ",Date of stay: January 2017,3.0
1406,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1410-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Convenient!,"Nice hotel located directly with train, underground, and Heathrow Express. Arrival and departure easy. Rooms were well stocked with coffee, tea and biscuits. Beds are on the firm side. It takes approximately 30 minutes from hotel to heathrow, majority of that time is walking to terminal. I had a 10:30 departure to States and getting to gate was about an hour. That is checking out, train, security. Enjoyed my stay at this hotel. ",Date of stay: February 2017,4.0
1407,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1410-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Excellent hotel at a strategic location,"Stayed here before. Same positive attributes apply: Rooms are bigger than normal size in London No problems with cleaning, facilties etc. Very good overall. Location is the key-you can use either tube or buses to visit most place in Central London. There are many shops/restaurants/cafes in the station where you can find food until 12am.  Only negative is the brakfast, which does not lack anything but could be much better e.g. more choice of cheese, better bread, pastries.  Will definitely stay again!",Date of stay: January 2017,5.0
1408,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1410-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Excellent Hotel at premium location,Excellent Hotel at premium location. Good connectivity to Heathrow by Heathrow express and also access to central london. The staff were very friendly and there are good restaurents near the hotel. There is also a pub nearby.,Date of stay: January 2017,5.0
1409,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1410-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,I love this hotel,"This is a hotel with a SUPER location, good food, excellent room , well designed common facilities and friendly staff!   Fly to Heathrow, take an express train and your hotel is right there!! 15 mins from the Airport + 2 mins walk and you are in the hotel. #super  We stayed in the Tower rooms' Executive room. New, clean, spaceous room inc. cleaning services twice a day + you have access to two different lounges! The one on the ground floor is very busy (view to the train station/shops), the one on the 7th floor more quiet (no view).   The hotel has very good staff, we would like to specially thank the ladies at the exe lounge check-in, Charlie from the restaurant and Preston from the tower lounge - polite, positive, happy and always very HELPFUL. It felt that they were really…",Date of stay: January 2017,4.0
1410,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1415-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,lovely experience at the hilton paddington,"lovely hotel, just on top of the Paddington central station.. Just a train drive from Heathrow airport using the Heathrow express. Also has so many seminar rooms. Breakfast was superb. lovely place to stay for all classes of visitors.",Date of stay: January 2017,4.0
1411,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1415-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Perfect Stay in the heart of London,"Location of the hotel is excellent, it is attached to Paddington Station, hotel is in the middle of London downtown area. Staff are highly professional with helping attitude , rooms are very clean with comfortable beds. Concierge person was extremely helpful & have golden advise about where to go & a great guide about various London attractions.",Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
1412,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1415-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,EXCELLENT IN EVERY WAY,Stayed at Hilton Paddington with my two sisters for a girls getaway week.  The room was spacious for 3 - and far exceeded other rooms in Europe for 3 ladies.  The breakfast and happy hour in the executive lounge were great.  Standard breakfast food but a nice way to start the day.  Happy hour with appetizers and cocktails did not disappoint.  Also a excellent location inside the train station - the tube was a breeze to navigate and we could get anyway quickly -- and not a far walk from Kensington Gardens.,Date of stay: October 2016,5.0
1413,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1415-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,EXCEEDED EXPECTATIONS,"This hotel is extremely well located for both tourists and business travelers alike. It's on Heathrow Express line, major underground connection and central for sight seeing.Despite it's size it has a warm feeling, operates efficiently and the room was superb. It was clean, excellent condition and functional in design",Date of stay: January 2017,5.0
1414,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1415-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great location . Bad breakfast.,"Lovely location just above paddington station. Very easy for business travelers in transit.  I travelled from Cardiff by train and stayed a night in Hilton before taking the airport express to the airport. Minimal distance and made life much easier. Able to explore surrounding areas by foot and subway during my short stay. Would stay again for its convenience.  However, don't bother with the breakfast, it came with my room booking but it was not worth the money nor time. Poor selection and poorly prepared.  The room feels historic (or dated for some), but acceptable in terms of comfort and cleanliness.",Date of stay: January 2017,3.0
1415,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1420-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Ideal location but shame about the heating,"We often stay in Paddington when visiting London as it is so central for walking. This was our first stay at this hotel as we had often walked past and admired its appearance. The check in was done very efficiently and we were given a room on the 5th floor overlooking the entrance to Paddington station. The room was clean, well kept and had a spacious bathroom. The TV only had the main channels and the picture was a little grainy. There were two major issues with this room and the first was the heating which was uncomfortably hot. Even when we put the temp control on max cold it seemed to just move the warm air around the room. We managed to open the window about 2 inches but the sash cord was broken making this difficult. The second issue was the soft mattress which was not to…",Date of stay: January 2017,3.0
1416,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1420-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Terrible hilton!,"Old, inefficient and unfriendly service! Breakfast bad and need to queue 5-10 to give ur room number and get seated, need to wait 10min for elevators, extremely bad internet service, need to log in a thousand times a day. Tiniest gym i've ever been to and not well air conditioned!",Date of stay: January 2017,1.0
1417,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1420-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Excellent location and good quality hotel,Being directly in paddington station makes this a great hotel for access to heathrow express and to underground.  Even a Starbucks Hotel near by! It is standard quality Hilton - rooms were simple but had everything you need and clean.  Bed was comfortable.  ,Date of stay: January 2017,4.0
1418,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1420-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Not up to par,"THis hotel was using trainees that made too many mistakes and charged my card when the room had already been paid for; the floors are a maize without adequate signage, and the room I was assigned to was different than promised and had a wall blocking the window. The bed was too small and the room was dark.  It could have been cleaner, and the trainees were not paying attention to the mistakes they were making, even when I was trying to tell them what they were doing was wrong.",Date of stay: January 2017,2.0
1419,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1420-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Birthday weekend,"We arrived very early and dropped our bags. We were welcomed by the lovely receptionist Grazia. She made sure we could have some breakfast before the start of the weekend. What a nice welcome that was. We had a room in the tower.It was lovely decorated in Art Deco style,with nice extras like a small sofa, nice large chair etc. We went to the tower lounge to relax and had a very nice relaxing time in a quiet lounge being looked after by Preston. We had a good nights sleep.Very quiet in the tower area.  The breakfast the next morning was very busy but with lots of staff that was not a problem. Overall a great weekend for my wife's birthday, including a complementary bottle of wine. Thanks to all the staff, we will be back for sure.",Date of stay: January 2017,5.0
1420,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1425-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Business Once Again in London,"I am hesitant to leave this review, because the secret will get out. I have stayed at this hotel many times. (Now for the sake of disclosure, I am a Hilton Diamond, which means I get perks that others don’t get.) Paddington Hilton is very easy to get to from Heathrow Airport, a quick 22 minute ride on the Heathrow Express and you’re at the hotel. If you want to pay extra for a first class fare on the Express you can, but its not worth it. The cost for the regular fare is 22 pounds for one way or 37 pounds for round trip. (Travel TIP Always take a picture of your tickets, it can often be used if you happen to lose a ticket!). Transport to and from the airport detail…why do I mention this, and what does it really mean? A lot, once you step off the train from Heathrow its just a…",Date of stay: January 2017,4.0
1421,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1425-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Location👌🏻,The Hilton London Paddington is nice in general with very good location. The rooms was nice as well as the staff. The hotel is very close to Paddington station which goes directly to Heathrow airport. I think I will be there agine.,Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
1422,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1425-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Good price, good location",Stayed one night whilst on a course. Ideally placed for the return journey home and could leave the bags with the concierge. Quiet room on the 6th floor. Room size OK and everything we needed. All clean and good comfortable bed with crisp linen. The towels in the bathroom were a bit scratchy and so this was disappointing given the status of the hotel. Breakfast good.,Date of stay: January 2017,4.0
1423,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1425-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Cold room 3 nights in Club Room deal,"I stayed 3 nights in this Hilton. I booked it through Ebookers and find out that no HHonors benefits are available if booked via much cheaper way. Anyways I received club room benefits at club lounge. Beer, wine andsome liquor on the list with small selection ""pre dinner canapes"".   I think difference beetween normal room price even via Ebookers vs. club room is not worth to invest. If you like to have plenty drinks etc. It is a different solution. I had max 2 glass redwine and some nibbles thats all.  I wonder why the room was so cold at night. I tried to find radiator but could not one, so plenty blankets and you can survive. Hotel is very old originally so that is not any new thing that old houses are colder.  Location is very good and trip to Heatrow was over in 15 minutes.…",Date of stay: January 2017,3.0
1424,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1425-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Positive Customer Experience is not acheived at Hilton Paddington,"Hilton brand still evokes high quality but the leadership seems to have left the criteria of quality static since circa 1999.  So has changed and although I find the Hilton App adequate it exists in a vacuum of disjointed experinces.    This hotel so far is a great example of apathy run amuck.  The facilities are dingy, I am afraid to look too close as it might actually be dirty! The staff is appropriately cordial, but it comes across scripted and uncaring. The reception desk personnel all  look disheveled, I resist the temptation to ""judge"" the person whom is providing the hospitality services, but there is a negative impression applied to my experience when the staff looks unkept.  Upon checking in, I was run through th normal process of confirming the number of nights, as…",Date of stay: January 2017,3.0
1425,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1430-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Another Nice Christmas,My wife and I stayed in the Hilton over the Xmas period for three nights. Excellent reception and very polite staff. Enjoyed free food and beverages in the executive lounge and also had a good meal in the restaurant. This is the 3rd year in a row that we have stayed and every stay has been excellent. We were upgraded to a suite which was very clean and comfortable. It also had a separate lounge with television. Recommend this Hotel to anyone visiting London.,Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
1426,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1430-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Hang your head in shame Hilton,"So the cost on booking via Hilton is more than Expedia, so I book Expedia and cant get my points, cost £250 a night, its bad.  To top it all off, the hotel is dated, reception unhelpful and always a queue  Sausages have herbs in come on Hilton Pork sausages should be plain  25 minutes to find my room its like a maze, although good for my steps counter and to top it off there is Padding-ton Bear in my mini bar.  Bathroom not nice at all  Hilton Honors well I am not honored, pretty poor the business I give them, and the staff have the cheek to take my account number to use some of my personal information.  This hotel is not worth the cost  I agree with other comments, if I could score this hotel zero I would",Date of stay: January 2017,1.0
1427,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1430-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Top location, good room, service could improve","Stayed 1 night on a Saturday in January, as a HH Member and choosed a GWR room which was on 5th floor, overlooking the train station so very quiet.   Good sized room for London, modern and bright. The bathroom was very large and very nice too (separate shower and bath). Some issue with the TV's remote control. Free wifi provided as an HH Member, access to GWR Loung for the breakfast which was nice with cook-to-order dishes (Waffle, Eggs...). But sadly, it was  way too hot in this breakfast room and staff wasn't smiling.  Room price paid was about 189 GBP/night so a good value.  Very easy access by Train/Heathrow Express or bus/Taxi from the airport or the city center. Plenty of bars, restaurants and small grocery store around. London Underground station across the street.  The…",Date of stay: January 2017,4.0
1428,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1430-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,GWR Tower Rooms,"Stayed in one of the GWR Tower Rooms and it's clear that a lot of thought has gone into the design of these rooms, they are very well appointed, good room size, nice comfortable bed, great bathroom with separate bath and shower, and good walk in wardrobe area.  It certainly sets the standard of hotel rooms.  The only very slight disappointment was that on returning to the hotel in the evening and going up to use the Tower Executive lounge (prior to 9pm) we found the lounge host shutting everything down, the coffee machine had been cleaned, this was despite the hotel's information stating it closed at 10pm.  Having said that breakfast in the lounge the next day was great.",Date of stay: January 2017,4.0
1429,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1430-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Dreadful,"If I could score this hotel a zero for service then I would.  The room was ok but there was a terrible banging noise in the bathroom when we returned late at night.  After several attempts to get it sorted someone came to our room, fiddled about with the light switch then said they'd report it in the morning.  We asked how we were meant to sleep and he begrudgingly agreed to sort it. We were told we could either sit in the dark for 15 minutes or leave, so we went to the bar.  There was no apology. In  the bar we were met with a very grumpy Sachin who served us without a smile.   I'd go to a premier inn over a hilton any day of the week after this.  The team at this place couldn't care less!",Date of stay: January 2017,1.0
1430,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1435-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Beautiful Historic Hotel directly connected to Paddington Station,We switched hotels for our final night in London so we could be closest to Paddington Station! This hotel was not only next door but directly connected to the Station. We enjoyed an amazing Indian meal just down the street and a relaxing final evening in London. Encourage anyone to stay at this beautiful hotel in the heart of London!,Date of stay: November 2016,5.0
1431,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1435-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Nice location but..,"Good location but you pay for a full service hotel..  ok if you get the full service. However the bar tonight is ""unavailable "" due to a private function.. how is that full service!!! Almost £200 a night and the bar is closed due to a private function. . Seems like double dipping to me! Nk mor Hilton for me.",Date of stay: January 2017,1.0
1432,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1435-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great Location but problems with GWR Towers,"This was my first stay at this property, and I got a fairly good deal at 209 GBP which included a Towers room, full dinner & breakfast, along with a AMEX rebate of $50.  I arrived early (around 10am) and having preselected my room was happy that it was ready. I was not asked if I needed assistance with luggage (I didn't), and was given directions to the nearby elevator, told to go to the 2nd fl, then make 2 lefts to get to the Towers. Needless to say, I got lost, and had to ask a staffer for assistance to the Towers, he brought me back to the original elevator. I went back to the front desk, to inquire and was told I would have to wait my turn behind 8 other guests. I left and ventured back to the elevator. This time (after a long, meandering walk) I did manage to find the…",Date of stay: January 2017,4.0
1433,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1435-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Busy Business hotel with excellent transport connections.,"The hotel is actually a bit drab and could do with a refurbishment, but super location to hold a business meeting. However I would suggest you book a meeting room as the foyer/lounge area is packed with people having ad hoc meetings and is rather noisy. Ask for a bedroom facing the train station as they are quieter than those looking out to Praed Street.",Date of stay: January 2017,3.0
1434,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1435-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great location - great room,"I was travelling solo on business, the week before Christmas. The city was very busy and all the transit was pretty crushed. The convenience of having the hotel just upstairs from where you get on and off the Heathrow Express was fabulous. The room was very well fitted and comfortable. The bed was also comfortable and I got a great sleep.",Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
1435,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1440-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Perfect hotel at good location ,"What a great stay we had!  Staff is extremely helpful.  They made us feel at home from start to finish. From reception to the cleaners.  All very nice and friendly.   The hotel looks amazing.  I loved the art deco style of the rooms.   Breakfast was amazing with again staff that went to great length to make us feel good.  If I was forced to name one negative, I would mention the towels that really don't belong in a hotel as nice as the Paddington.  ",Date of stay: January 2017,5.0
1436,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1440-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Quick & easy access to Heathrow,"I have stayed at this hotel twice now, both times for one night only. Its location & easy access to the Heathrow express makes it a perfect overnighter when flying out of London. Equally its location makes it perfect for exploring London either for a few hours or a few days.",Date of stay: January 2017,5.0
1437,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1440-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Hilton Paddington,"First, location is great.  The executive lounge was well stocked and we enjoyed the use of it.  We are diamond members so we were upgraded to a Queen executive room overlooking the street in the second floor.  The staff were wonderful.  Now for the bad part, you can not sleep because of the nightclub noise.  Believe the reviews, it is BAD!  I do not understand why they upgrade Diamond members to rooms with this noise.  I know they do because I have seen other reviews that had the same problem.  I could not sleep at all.   Why even upgrade people to rooms that are this noisy?  I promise you will not be able to sleep.  Just be aware of this if you decide to stay here.",Date of stay: January 2017,3.0
1438,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1440-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Excellent lovation,"Great for our one night stay, we needed something close to Heathrow Express train and this was a great spot with its direct access. Were able to get from hotel room to platform including buying tickets in just 10 mins. Internet prices were expensive as we are used to having free wifi. That seems a bit out dated to pay and it was 13 pounds for a night. Very nice room, comfy bed and good facilities. Could very occasionally hear shriek from the breaks on tube nearby but once settled in we didn't notice. Very good customer service. ",Date of stay: January 2017,4.0
1439,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1440-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Hilton London Paddington delivers again,"During the recent Tube strike, we were pleased we were staying at the Hilton London Paddington. It's convenient to everything we want to do in London, well serviced by various transportation means, and giving a high quality of accommodation when we're not on the move.  The included breakfast is a treat, especially my made to order omelet.",Date of stay: January 2017,5.0
1440,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1445-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Convenient and Great Service,"We always make it a point to stay here before we leave for Heathrow.  The location, convenience to trains/tube make it a very easy, comfortable stop before our trip back to the States.  We generally have 3 large pieces of luggage and this means we can relax and not worry about moving about with this cargo.",Date of stay: January 2017,5.0
1441,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1445-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Beautiful room and great location,This is our second stay at this lovely hotel. The room is beautifully spacious which is rare in London I believe! Paddington station is so convenient for us to come and go. I just love this hotel. The reception was a gifted multilingual professional who gave us very friendly service.,Date of stay: January 2017,5.0
1442,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1445-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great Location,"Arrived at hotel- check in efficient. Our room was on the second floor facing the main street. Wasn't noisy though.Average room-decor a bit dated. But room was clean. We purchased a room with Executive Lounge access which was good value. Unlimited drinks including spirits, and tasty nibbles including dumplings, spring rolls, cheese and biscuits and fresh fruit.Breakfast was also included in room rate. Breakfast was very busy- had to wait a while to get coffee. Buffet included eggs-fried or poached, cereals pastries fresh fruit and the usual selection. Funnily enough, we paid for the upgrade to the room with Lounge access but this did not include wifi. When we asked about the wifi, we were told that it was not included. Seemed ridiculous that wifi was not included. Wifi was…",Date of stay: January 2017,3.0
1443,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1445-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Convenient location but only average service and very dated hotel room and lobby,"I select this hotel simply of its location, as it is directly connected to the Paddington station, which is the departure point for Heathrow Express, as well as closed to many tube stops.  There is a direct entrance to the hotel from Paddington Station, but the dated room and ancient lobby may deter me from selecting this hotel.  I mind as well stay at one of the Heathrow hotels located in the airport and took the train to the city for the day.  The room rate is often not cheap so the hotel really has no excuse not to renovate the rooms.  Even the lobby is a bit sad to look at and it lacks all the modern touches for a Hilton-branded hotel.  The room, while has a high ceiling, is pretty dated in terms of decor.  Surely the bed is comfortable enough, but the furniture just reminds…",Date of stay: January 2017,3.0
1444,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1445-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Reception is a NIGTHMARE,"We have stayed at several Hilton and Conrad Hotels several times. But this was by far my worst experience upon arrival at a Hotel. Believe it or not . I had a booking confirmation since 24th November 2016 for our stay which started on the 26th December 2016.  I am a Hilton Honors Member  Upon arrival the first receptionist, after a while informs me that we did not have a reservation, furthermore, they didn’t have any rooms available! THEN, She disappears.  I stayed standing, at the Reception Desk, trying to speak with my Travel Agent. When I was approached by a second Lady receptionist, which informs me once again, that I didn’t have a reservation nor there were any rooms available! Asks me if I could leave the reception desk and seat at the foyer.  I sat there and waited for…",Date of stay: December 2016,3.0
1445,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1450-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Slowly slipping ...,We have stayed at this Hilton several times in the past years as it is conveniently located in Paddington with a quick train ride to Heathrow and a relatively central location. This time around was a weekend with my daughter for some London shopping.   I had booked and checked-in on the mobile app to a Terrace Suite as I enjoy the roof top views and the balcony to get some fresh air and lots of light. Being a Diamond member at checkin I was informed I had been upgraded to a Queen Suite and I actually requested to stay in the booked Terrace Suite but apparently they were sold out. I realised subsequently that I did not get a Diamond upgrade but a paid upgrade via the Hilton upgrade proposal when you book online. The lady at the front desk may have been a trainee and was certainly…,Date of stay: January 2017,3.0
1446,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1450-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Reception - Offer True Hospitality,"When you enter the hotel, the first encounter is with the reception and what that will set your mood, we were warmly welcomed, we were bit disappointed when found our room was was not ready but that was momentarily, as lovely lady was so polite and offered us to access the executive lounge to relaxed.  Things are always not always right but we appreciate the approach of front desk to resolve it, even after we were not very happy with the room which was selected by me during online checked in, other staff has changed our room upon the request.  The front desk is the perfect for us, other amenities were as good as we can expect from Hilton, breakfast with veg fried rice was given us the immense satisfaction,   Next to the paddington station. wlak able distance from Kensington /…",Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
1447,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1450-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,DO NOT STAY HERE IF YOU WANT TO SLEEP!,"The hotel is beautiful and staff is wonderful but it's almost 12:30 in the morning AND THERE'S A PARTY IN THE LOUNGE UNTIL 3am!  3am!  This is a HOTEL!  We are on the 3rd floor and my feet are vibrating from the booming music. Called the front desk and he was very kind but I can't move rooms because my son is actually asleep and I don't want to wake him.  He apologized for putting us in this room and I replied that NO ONE should be in it. I wish I would have read the other complaints about this before I booked here. NEVER AGAIN!!!  What's the point of being a Diamond member if we are going to get this treatment.   Gave 2 stars because it really is beautiful and there is an exec lounge, although it was really crowded with young people going crazy over the liquor at happy hour. ",Date of stay: January 2017,2.0
1448,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1450-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Rip off Cafe Prices!,How much do you expect to pay for a cup of coffee and a croissant in a ground floor cafe at London Paddington's Hilton Hotel?  I was charged a staggering £10.18!!  I expect to pay a bit more for a central London cafe close to Paddington - but this is excessive and offensive. No problems with the cheerful efficient service. But for a coffee and two small croissants (no pain au chocolats on offer) this was a disgrace.  Welcome to Rip off England - sponsored by Hilton Hotels.,Date of stay: January 2017,2.0
1449,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1450-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great Hotel - Great Location,The staff here are amazing.  the hotel is well run and is perfectly located to access all that London has and of course its right at Paddington station so you can get anywhere in England easily.  Recommend a club level room to access the lounge.,Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
1450,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1455-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,BIG HOTEL IN GREAT LOCATION ,"My partner and I stayed for a week in this hotel mainly for its past reputation and proximity to transport and places of interest. Our room was quite small and dated. The bed was comfortable. The shower had a broken curtain. The room was dull in appearance and could do with modernisation. We decided to have dinner in the Brasserie and wished we hadn't. Service was slow, very slow. The food well I would have eaten better from the cafe across the road and much cheaper. The Maitre 'd and cook were squabbling in their mother tongue  right next to dining patrons. Some actually walked out. The old fashioned service that used to be the Hilton is deteriorating. The Gentlemen porters with the long coats and hats, well there are some still but they'd rather chat amongst each other than…",Date of stay: December 2016,3.0
1451,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1455-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Credit card per approval scam,"Hotel is fine. However as standard they pre-authorised my Credit Card and gave me a receipt stating that it was for £50.00 (For a 11 hour stay)and would come off within 3 days of leaving.  12 days later there was still a £100 amount missing on my Credit card.  Contacted the card issuer who confirmed that two pre-authorisations had been taken, 24 hours apart, both by this hotel. Two weeks later the money has finally been credited back.  Whilst this is just a nuisance to me, I am sure that some people would find excessive amounts charged to the card and this would cause problems. I also feel that the hotel is pushing the limits of legality in taking twice the amount they have  issued a receipt for",Date of stay: December 2016,3.0
1452,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1455-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Rude staff.  , wifi way expensive ","Checked in, asked concierge for map and asked where were we ( on the map ) London was his sarcastic response.  Get to room and turn on wifi.  Cost was £13 per day so called guest relations to make sure Hilton Honors number was in reservation ( as that gives us complimentary wifi ) Told as we booked via Expedia she wouldn't add the info.  We booked via qantas not Expedia.  First impressions are lasting ones.  Shame as rooms decent size and handy location to Paddington station to get train to Heathrow. Would not recommend staying here.  ",Date of stay: January 2017,1.0
1453,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1455-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Perfect London Base,We stayed as a family group of 3.  The spacious executive room easily fit three beds with a substantial amount of room besides. The executive lounge is amazingly well stocked with food and drink - including afternoon tea and a full free evening bar.  The free executive breakfast included a full cooked breakfast or cereal and rolls. There was plenty of choice for vegetarians.  The staff were efficient and attentive. Everything went very smoothly.  Express checkout worked perfectly.  Definitely will stay here again - travelling by train I get off at Paddington so only have to cross the road!,Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
1454,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1455-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Ideal location and felt like royalty!,"We travelled by train from the West Country and the hotel was just so convenient - we walked from the train to the hotel without leaving the station.  As a Gold Hilton rewards member, we were upgraded and had a Queen Suite which overlooked the street but was not noisy at all.  This gave us use of the Executive Lounge and we really enjoyed sitting there with our complimentary drinks and snacks watching the toing and froing of people in the station.  The staff were, without exception, friendly, courteous and helpful.  The breakfast was very good indeed.  We were so glad that we had decided to stay near the station - we could get to the places we wanted to visit easily and did not have to worry about a taxi to the station on our return.  We shall stay here again!",Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
1455,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1460-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Hotel is Pleasant except for the Steam + nightclub noise,"I am a long time Hilton Honours club member. Our 4-adult Canadian family stayed here from Dec 26-31/16. We chose it due it the larger-size room selection and excellent location on the tube/train/canal junction.   Positives - Friendly and competent desk, concierge, chamber service, restaurant and lounge staff. Pleasant day manager. Our requirements for early check-in, additional towels and a cot (pull-out couch was too narrow for 2 grown men) were accommodated ASAP. Breakfast was nutritious and there was a good food selection. Concierge helped us buy extra tour tickets.  Good job.   Big negative - The first floor nightclub ran 3 nights of our stay from 22:00 - 03:30. Our suite (205 - facing Praed St.) was a direct conduit for the amplified music -> no sleep allowed. Our final…",Date of stay: December 2016,3.0
1456,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1460-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Great reliable option, great location","Great central London location right next to Paddington station including tube and the Heathrow express.   Efficient check in service, including great service from the lobby staff with assistance with bags. Room has everything required, room was quiet (we even opened the window when it got a little warm). Nice late nigh bar in the lobby.   Nothing exceptional about this hotel but would definitely stay again for a reliable, pleasant stay in central London.",Date of stay: January 2017,4.0
1457,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1460-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews, Very Nice Hotel with good location !!! ,"I stayed in Hilton Paddington twice last month and it's a very nice Hotel!   It is also very convenient, the tube/train station is just next to the hotel so there's no excuse not catch your train on time and if you feel hungry at night there are lots of restaurants outside which are open 24 hours.  The staff are so friendly and kind especially the gentleman who help us with our reservation and did our check in.   I would absolutely recommend this hotel!! ",Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
1458,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1460-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Hotel trip paddington,Bad experience this time paid for Hilton HHonors service but the rooms were closed there was 1 open downstairs but breakfast was very disappointing and cold staff service was poor and unhelpful and their grasp of English was so bad that we were unable to understand each other,Date of stay: December 2016,3.0
1459,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1460-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Poor check in...had to wait 2 hours after the posted 3:00 time,Bell staff were awesome.  Check in was very disappointing as we can appreciate the posted 3:00 pm time frame yet we had to wait until 5:00 pm.  Executive loung was good and the location is the best for Heathrow express,Date of stay: December 2016,3.0
1460,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1465-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Solid,Nothing fantastic about this hotel - it is solid and well managed --quiet --  Not in a chic area but is adjacent to Paddington which offers great access to all kinds of transportation including the Heathrow Express -- Awful breakfast which even if included might be best skipped,Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
1461,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1465-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Not really up to date,"For a Hilton hotel, this really doesn't meet all the standards. Sure, a pretty majestic exterior and you really can't beat the location.   But you still get the feeling that something is missing. The interior in the rooms are quite dated, and not in the standard London-hotel way.   You really don't get what you pay for, let's leave it at that...",Date of stay: October 2016,3.0
1462,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1465-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Another wonderful stay at a reliable and convenient location,"We enjoy staying at the Paddington as a consistently reliable and comfortable stay in London that's very convenient to Heathrow (via Connect or Express trains). Room condition was excellent--clean and well-kept, and service was top notch as always. The convenience of being connected to Paddington rail and Tube stations is wonderful, and the remodeled retail area just outside is convenient for quick places to eat. Great stay.",Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
1463,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1465-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Xmas,Stay really good.  Great staff and friendly service.  Would recommend and would visit again.  Paddington station right on the doorstep.   Concierge service great and a really good variety of food for breakfast. ,Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
1464,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1465-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Dated, worn, uncomfortable","Lobby, common areas and guest rooms are in dire need of updating/refurbishment. Guest baths, mercifully, are newer.   Room was unbearably hot (in December) with no ability to reduce temperature.  Mattress was old and extremely hard.  Front desk and bell staff recommended a $70 flat rate car service to London City Airport. When pressed, they insisted that was truly the best option. Uber turned out to cost less than half that.   No bellman present at 6am to assist with bags (or anything else).  Coffee shop in lobby (Starbucks) was closed at 6am.  Surprisingly bad all around.",Date of stay: December 2016,1.0
1465,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1470-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Impressive,"I had an impressive due to attention given to me on arrival until my departure. The front desk staffs were wonderful,when I asked for a change of it was done. At the club lounge too the staffs were polite and friendly.",Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
1466,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1470-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Excellent overnight visit,"I was attending to some business with a local embassy in Knightsbridge and this was the perfect stopover. Fantastic access and within a stones throw of Hyde Park and excellent dining options.   My room was fantastic. Warm, spacious, clean, quiet and luxurious. I was given an upgrade apparently and only cost me £145 for the night. Breakfast was amazing.   I managed an evening and morning run around Hyde Park too. Which was a very enjoyable way to do some sight seeing.  I would definitely return.",Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
1467,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1470-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Noise in my room is excruciating,"I used to love this hotel but checked in today and was given room 273 which happens to be above the ballroom where a very loud party is taking place.  The noise is unbelievable.  I called reception to complain and they told me there is nothing they can do and that I will have to wait until midnight for the noise to abate (and I will be able to sleep).  I have a full day of commitments tomorrow and didn't count on not being to sleep until midnight.  I cannot believe I'm a Hilton Honors member, paid a good price for my room and now can't sleep because of a party below me.  So disappointed.",Date of stay: December 2016,1.0
1468,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1470-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great Family Hotel in Convenient Area,"The Hilton London Paddington is great for families.  Rooms with two queen beds are available.  The hotel adjoins the Paddington Station with direct access to Heathrow via the Heathrow Express plus three lines on the Underground.  There are also several shops - Starbucks, Kiehls, Boots, etc. which are very handy.  The concierge staff were all extremely helpful in directing us to local restaurants that were within easy walking distance and were all delicious!",Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
1469,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1470-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Reward stay,"This was an award stay with my wife since I travel extensively and almost exclusively stay in Hilton brand hotels.  The hotel was vey overheated (to the point of hallway windows being opened in December) and the bed was extremely uncomfortable.  So much so that my back went out and that my wife had difficulties with her back also.  Tried to check out and go to another HILTON in London but  the hotel would not return the reward points and would not upgrade to their tower rooms that had newer beds.  As a diamond member, this was very disappointing.  The hotel is in a very convenient location but the hotel itself is a little tired.",Date of stay: December 2016,2.0
1470,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1475-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews, Awesome place ,"Here you are in a place where every part of London is near, a 30 mins from Heathrow, bustling restaurants, heritage building yet so modern, exceptional hospitality and superb restaurants. You can have your business meetings in the coffee shop there too. The atmosphere is just awesome. Rooms are spacious unlike other places in London, and off course the Hilton standards.",Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
1471,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1475-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Vacation hotel, great location for overseas visitors","Picked this hotel because of location.  Sits above Paddington station which is the last stop of Heathrow Express.   Very convenient as once you gets of the Heathrow Express, you just walk ahead, up the short escalator and Hilton is just on your left.   When you are traveling with many luggages this place is god sent.  Got a suite for the family, nice and clean.  Although i face the Main Street and the usual sirens of police cars and ambulance can be irritating but otherwise it is a great experience.  Only one negative comment, tried to speak to Conciege and got a rude response (rather being ignored), just grab a brochure and put it on the counter without any words (its like take it and shut up!....that's the feeling i had)...didn't even have eye contact definitely not friendly. …",Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
1472,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1475-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Comfortable Room, Great Staff, Convenient Location","We stayed because of proximity to Paddington Station. We're very pleased with our room and the efficiency of the operation. Bus service to events we were attending was very convenient, and of course the tube and railroad are ""right there.""  ",Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
1473,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1475-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Good business hotel, well located","Well located at paddington, very convenient for business trip and travel back and forth to airport. Close to parks and little venice for nice jogging!  Large room but furniture little bit outdated!  All and all ok!",Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
1474,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1475-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Great, great location and hotel","This hotel was recommended to us as a perfect location for first visit to London and it did not disappoint in many more respects.  The hotel is located virtually in the Paddington Station where the Heathrow Express ends.  We checked in upon arrival around 10 AM to an apology that a room was not available yet (which I did not expect anyway) and a quick storage of bags.  Lovely lobby to sit and plan our next stop.  When checking in later, our room which was in the Tower Annex was absolutely lovely, big , immaculate ,comfortable and  amazingly quiet (remember you are next to Paddington Station which the room looked down on)!!!  With the Tower Rooms came access to the Executive Lounge (Tower Lounge closed for Christmas time)...great breakfast, snacks, etc there.  Can not say enough…",Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
1475,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1480-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Quick Stay,"Though I stayed for only 1 night at this hotel, my overall experience was very good, specially the location, and easy access to the hotel and the surrounding area, which has most of the essential shops/restaurants",Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
1476,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1480-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Great Hotel, horrible breakfast","Pros: 1.	GWS are very spacious compared to London rooms. 2.	Room is well equipped and everything looked new. 3.	Location is great. Close to Paddington station of course, and you can grab the bus just outside. 4.	Internet is fast. 5.	Rooms are quiet.  Cons: 1.	Breakfast is very lacking for a Hilton. The eggs station was especially disappointing that they use the same pan over and over again to make eggs regardless if they were making eggs with meat or not. Their solution was to wipe the pan! Totally unacceptable for a vegetarian. Other hotels use new pans or different pans! 2. Breakfast staff are nowhere as friendly as reception staff. 3.	Getting in the hotel with a stroller is difficult as there is no alternative but to use stairs.  Same applies to getting to GWS rooms are you…",Date of stay: January 2016,3.0
1477,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1480-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Overnight Connection,"Instead of staying in an airport hotel, since I arrived at 20:00 on the 16th, I thought it would be nice to pop in to Paddington. I haven't stayed here in a couple of years. Checked in at Exec Lounge and had a totally different experience than just the day before in Munich. Typically Hilton properties take care of Diamond member rooms in adv of the stay and recognize that loyalty when you check in. Not here. Asked if by chance if they had an upgrade (as they weren't prepared for me) and they kindly gave me a family room (with kids running everywhere) at the back of the hotel.  The Hilton Corp policy should have been the same room type, but Executive room. No thanks for the loyalty etc and no welcome back.   Shared this with the front desk supervisor and she tried to offer a…",Date of stay: December 2016,2.0
1478,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1480-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Good room and right outside Paddington Station,"Stayed in room 523 which was a large double room which is good for a London hotel and had a great nights sleep in a comfortable bed. Check in and Check out was very fast,.  Overall paid £300 for a Friday and Saturday night.   On the down side, the bar is a real letdown. It is really more of a club type bar and not somewhere you can go for a quite relaxing drink.     Be careful with the mini bar as its really expensive, better to buy a few snacks from the shop across the road.",Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
1479,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1480-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Dated rooms,"I always stay here due to its convenient acccess from LHR and other points in the city. This is the first time I'm giving it a poor review. The room I was in was awful, even though the room 642 was a suite! No one told me that I had access to the executive lounge. Also the room itself was dirty, dusty and in poor condition. I will not be staying here for again.",Date of stay: December 2016,2.0
1480,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1485-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Hotel Above Paddington Station,"Hotel was just above Paddington train station, convenient if taking Heathrow Express. After exit from train, look out for escalator that bring you directly to hotel lobby. Hotel is also within walking distant to Hyde Park, Kensington Palace/Garden.",Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
1481,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1485-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Power out; bed bugs,"I woke up the first morningi was there to find the power had gone out. That also meant no running water.  its gets worse. Over the next few days, I woke up with red spots on me. Something was biting me overnight. Bed bugs I suspect. ",Date of stay: December 2016,2.0
1482,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1485-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great location ,Free night courtesy of British Airways Avios points. Great room for my wife and daughter and I plus an excellent breakfast. Excellent service and really friendly staff. Location is great for getting to most places within 30 minutes or so on the tube. ,Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
1483,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1485-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Wonderful experience for 8 night stay,"I visited London for 8-9 days on business trip. This hotel is situated at a premium location - Paddington (Rail & Tube). If you are shopping lover, Oxford street is 30 minutes walk or 1 station away from Lancaster Gate Station, which is 5 minutes walk from the station. Hyde park is near by. They serve Indian Buffet on weekdays, lot of variety. Many restaurants are near by - KFC, McD, SubWay, Indian Restaurants... I was upgraded to VIP room. Always plan your early checkin.",Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
1484,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1485-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Beautiful, I went this hotel with my Friends and Cousin's . I know that Hilton make a difference in the room inside pattern. I really liked room and Design works. I get a Good sleep from this Hotel.. Sexy looking....... ,Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
1485,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1490-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Hilton Paddington - Excellent Hotel, Excellent Location","I stayed at the Hilton London Paddington for a business trip for 8 days. The staff is very knowledgeable, friendly, and accommodating. The rooms were clean, neat, and organized. All items in working condition, and if not the staff are more than on top of getting things done right. This hotel is located at the Paddington Train Station downtown, and is walking distance to any food, pub, or bus, or train stop.",Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
1486,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1490-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Good location,"For travellers and tourists, the location is a big plus.  It's convenient for anyone travelling by train, including the Heathrow Express, and is only a couple of tube stops from Baker Street, Regents Park and Marylebone Road  (Madam Tussauds etc). My room was a good size, clean and comfortable; tea making facilities were generous.  Breakfast and room service are expensive but there are multiple choices for food at Paddington Station itself.  If you're looking for ambience and charm, you won't get it here.  But you will get convenience and a good location.",Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
1487,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1490-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Perfect location for a short biz trip,"Perfect location for a short biz trip -straight from Heathrow by Heathrow Express and almost literally ""into"" the hotel. Helpful staff. Very bright, well-lit room, which is exceptional in hotels. One problem with broken head shower faucet and inability to repair it during two days.",Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
1488,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1490-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Not friendly staff,"I have stayed both in paddington and park lane hilton three nights each last month. Compared to park lane hilton , the staffs in paddington are not so friendly. They seldom greet the guests or me only",Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
1489,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1490-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Strategic location and comfy night,"I stayed in Hilton Paddington for a quick short stay after tiring flights. Since it is winter season, the hotel is decorated with Christmas ornaments in the lobby. Room was comfy and quite spacious for three adults. Everything was great except the wifi. If you are not a member, you have to pay for the wifi. The bed was too soft for me because I prefer the hard one. Nevertheless, the hotel is very strategic. It is only one minute from Paddington's tube station. There are also a lot of restaurants and convenient stores along the street.",Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
1490,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1495-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Convenient location. Excellent recognition of Diamond membership.,"This hotel treats Hilton HHonors Diamond members well. I was upgraded from a standard room to a Queen Hilton Suite with a separate living room, bedroom and spacious bathroom.  I had access to the Executive Lounge, which is situated on the ground floor and overlooks the Paddington railway station concourse. There was a good selection of drinks (including cava) and canapes (such as samosas, meatballs, calamari) in the evening. The breakfast buffet in the Executive Lounge is quite similar to what was on offer in the main restaurant (Brasserie). Diamond members and Executive room/Suite guests can choose to have breakfast free of charge either in the Executive Lounge or in the main restaurant (Brasserie).",Date of stay: September 2016,5.0
1491,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1495-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,In need of a revamp. But spectacularly convenient!!!,"I stayed at the Hilton Paddington as part of a quick weekend jaunt to London. I had an early morning flight out of Heathrow on Sunday morning, so I chose this hotel due to its proximity to Paddington station, which has the 15-minute express train to Heathrow Airport. Boy, did this make my life easier! I highly recommend the hotel for this reason alone. Another strong point is its staff. Super nice and accommodating. Kudos to the HR department for their excellent training and hiring standards. That said, this place is in need of a revamp. The room was spacious but a bit dilapidated (e.g., I had to ask them to replace my fridge, since it was broken). And the executive lounge was just sad. I avoided it because it found it depressing. Would I stay again? If for the location alone -…",Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
1492,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1495-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Fabulous stay,Great stay felt special will be back again. Booked for a surprise birthday weekend had all the trimmings in place for a great visit to the capital. Ideal Base for the train journey from Plymouth with simple access from the station to the hotel with some good pubs and eating places around Paddington ,Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
1493,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1495-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Over night stay,"As you would expect Excellent hotel a true 4 star. I stay at lots of 4 star hotel in my business travels this is definitely one of the best. Every thing you would expect and more ,the breakfast was excellent with special omelette chef, wonderful, made my day as I don't like the pre fried egg in the morning with the hot lamps on them. Excellent location and a direct excess to Paddington Tube & Railway station . Drinks at the bar are expensive,but this is central London. Unfortunately they do close the bar even for residents at 12pm .",Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
1494,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1495-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Hilton London Paddington is Wonderfully Convenient,"We love the Hilton London Paddington for its recently redecorated rooms, very friendly and professional staff, good food in the restaurant for a quick bite or a full meal, and all of this in a wonderfully convenient location.  We fly to London from the States.  After Landing at Heathrow, getting through customs and retrieving bags, you can be in the Paddington Hilton in 15-20 minutes by taking the Heathrow Express which runs between Paddington Station and Heathrow.  Exit the train, walk into the station and take the glass elevator one flight up and walk into the hotel lobby.  You save a time and hassle and are checked in and ready to enjoy London in the shortest possible duration after landing at Heathrow.    Leaving is just as convenient.  Exit the hotel, go down a level, and…",Date of stay: November 2016,5.0
1495,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1500-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Hilton Paddington,"Great hotel in a location that makes it easy to get around London, being a 5 minute walk from Euston station and 10 mins from Kings Cross / St.Pancras. The bar was very nice and prices were in line with other London hotels. In the morning, they have a fantastic Full English breakfast available, (real sausages, fried eggs etc. not some cheap plastic imitations), alongside continental options. The hotel is currently undergoing some modernisation but this didn't interfere with our stay and we experienced no disruption.",Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
1496,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1500-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Perfect spot to stay ,Just for the Xmas shopping stayed over one night; perfect situated hotel near all shopping areas and easily connections via the underground Bakerloo line; hotel rooms well decorated. When possible visit the executive lounge: special view into the middle of the Padington Station overseeing all trains coming in and leaving.  Excellent place to stay !!!,Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
1497,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1500-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Easy walking distance to Hyde Park, Harrods, Kennsingtom Palace, Science and History Museum",We stayed in the Tower room. Very good spacious room with access to the Tower Lounge. I preferred the Executive lounge in the evening as it overlooked Paddington Station which was busy (I enjoy people watching!) The Tower lounge was good for breakfast. Some food is cooked to order - lots of choice.,Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
1498,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1500-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Good London venue overall but needs to improve service.,"Venue spot on, travelled into the capital decided not to waste time wandering around the city for hotels so booked into Hilton at the station. Quickly dropped off bags and hit the town. Now Hotel, nice room comfy bed and good usual facilities. Told reception that bathroom sink was cracked and clearly been so for some time. Attention to detail however reception quickly reported it to Maintenance which was a good sign. Other hotels offer better soap, hair washing products that make your stay quality..Hilton bit basic. Booking out, had a query and had to tell the trainee reception staff that I hadn't a clue what she was telling me ! Wasn't answering the query at all, just trying to deflect me from the issue. A more senior staff member took over, helped me plus did some prompt…",Date of stay: December 2016,3.0
1499,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1500-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great Hotel and Convenient to LHR,This hotel is my preferred location when arriving on a late night flight from USA.  Just hope on the Express Train from the airport to Paddington Station and walk into the hotel.  Greatrooms and friendly staff.,Date of stay: November 2016,5.0
1500,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1505-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Puzzling,"We spent one night at the hotel and were given a room on the 5th floor. The room was fairly spacious and quite comfortable, relatively recently refurbished but retaining the Art Deco features. That said, the overall feel of the hotel is somewhat puzzling and I find it stuck somewhere between two era's but doing neither justice. Breakfast was ok but pretty standard although I did find the service to be good.",Date of stay: December 2016,3.0
1501,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1505-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,not good,"unless you are after specific proximity to paddington station... don't stay here. Over priced, bad service, tv channels are a joke. We booked a family room and had trouble getting a roll away bed, also our family room had unavoidable stairs (not good with children/  prams / luggage). no porter service offered.  not recommended.",Date of stay: December 2016,1.0
1502,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1505-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great Hotel near Paddington Station,"Great location hotel which is right next door to Paddington train station. I stay here some times if I can get reasonable rates. Staff are always friendly and check in is usuallu very quick and stress free. The executive/club rooms are very nice here and offers a lounge with this also. Have not eaten at the restaurant though seems nice. Has  a night club in the hotel which gets busy with people outside it, kind of ruins the ambience of Hilton brand..",Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
1503,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1505-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Expensive but convenient,The room I had was somewhat larger than typical hotel rooms in London. I think they gave me an upgrade as well. This hotel is so close to the paddington station and many food places. There was a bit of water damage on the ceiling of the room but overall it was clean and the bed was comfortable. They held my bags for me when I checked out at no extra cost.,Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
1504,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1505-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Fantastic, Friendly & Helpful","Got here early, they gave us early entry into our Tower Wing Room and what a room. Access into the Tower Wing lounge area for a light breakfast and a coffee before heading out for the day. The freedom of the lounge for breakfast, lunch, afternoon tea and just having the area to chill out somewhere other than in your great room is a big plus.  Give it a go, you won't regret it.",Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
1505,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1510-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Nothing much just love London and the atmosphere around this time of the year,"This is now my 2nd stay and there will be ,ore...Find the location good for Heathrow accessible by tube to other places of interest and really a no fuss hotel from check in to check out The rooms are a good size clean and comfortable The staff are well versed as well and good",Date of stay: November 2016,5.0
1506,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1510-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Easy Access to Everything,Essentially in the London Paddington Station. Great location to everything in London. Only 15 min to Heathrow by the Heathrow Express. Modern bathroom. Comfy bed. Nice Peter Thomas Roth toiletries. Walking distance to Hyde Park and lots of pubs. Walked to Harrod's in Knigtsbridge. ,Date of stay: November 2016,5.0
1507,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1510-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Convininet Location,"The Hilton Paddington those the name suggest it is literally adjacent to the train station. There is a back access to the Lobby from the train Station waiting area, one takes either the escalators or the elevator one floor up across the a small internal bridge and you are in the hotel. Very convenient specially for those who had a long flight once you on the Heathrow Express you are in the hotel in 20 min counting the train ride and getting to the hotel.  As a Honors member (Gold) I was given an upgrade room, which was very big for London standards; Clean with a big size flat Tv in my room I had the choice of a Bathtub and in an other separate area a Shower each with its toilet, ( I am a shower person) so it was great. Something that is hard to find in hotels sometimes is good…",Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
1508,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1510-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Visit to London,"We had an hour to spare so called in for an afternoon snack and a beer. I have stayed in loads of Hiltons and this looked ok but a little dated in places on walking in. Any way we were here for the food. I had the club sandwich. I have had the Hilton club sandwich before and have to say this one was ordinary, nice but ordinary. A bit too chunky chicken and not as hot as I would have liked. Seems it may have been stood a while.   Would not stop me going back but will not have that choice again..",Date of stay: November 2016,3.0
1509,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1510-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Perfect location connected to Padddington Station,"We frequently travel to London on our way to Wales by train.   The hotel is actually connected by an elevator and short walkway to the hotel.  Very convenient, especially when encumbered by luggage.  Food in the hotel is very good; we ate there twice during a short stay.  Price is high but not out of line with other quality hotels in the area.",Date of stay: November 2016,5.0
1510,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1515-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Comfy and peaceful,Really enjoyed my stay at this hotel. Room was well appointed with a comfortable bed and extremely peaceful.  Only downside was I didn't get my HHonors points as I booked through a 3rd party rather than direct with Hilton.... disappointing and something others should be aware of. I've considered if there is any point maintaining a preference for Hilton hotels given this points issue and have decided there is not; airlines do not refuse to give you air miles if you booked through a 3rd party.,Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
1511,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1515-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,DECENT if you need to stay in paddington,very convenient for Heathrow Express and GWR trains!! Did not have breakfast so cannot comment quite good value considering convenient location Wi-fi decent toiletries as well Did not have breakfast so cannot comment,Date of stay: November 2016,3.0
1512,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1515-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Easy access to Heathrow,"There are certainly  London hotels I've stayed at which have more charm and are in more interesting locations.  But for someone making a quick visit to the city and who is arriving and departing from Heathrow this is a solid choice. It is a grand old railroad station hotel which has been well updated.  On first entering my room there was a slight whiff of ""old building"" but room facilities were well planned and maintained. As one might expect near a rail station the immediate environs are slightly scruffy but seem safe and have useful small restaurants.  Just a few blocks south one is definitely in the high rent district.  A good walker can get to many west London locations on foot and there are lots of transit choices right at hand.",Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
1513,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1515-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Girlie catch up,"My girlfriend and I stayed in this hotel overnight when we caught up over dinner and drinks. A basic room was very comfortable, although quite small, the bedding was divine and I slept very well. I have stayed here before and I would stay here again.  The hotel is in a great location and the staff are friendly and helpful.",Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
1514,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1515-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Nice clean room, but internet and TV didn't work","Only stayed one night, location excellent, right at Paddington station, but Hilton only seem interested in selling extras and not providing the basics which I paid for. Convinced me to join honours program and get free internet...which did not work...TV did not work either. ",Date of stay: November 2016,2.0
1515,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1520-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Convenient location attached to Paddington Station,"What one would expect at a Hilton. Great location, comfortable, knowledgeable staff, adjacent to Paddington Station and underground system, small restaurants abound, quiet rooms. Easy connection via Heathrow express-15 minutes (20 GBP), Connect- 30 minutes (10 GBP), or Underground- 45 to 60 minutes (5 GBP).",Date of stay: November 2016,5.0
1516,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1520-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Can't beat the location,"With a direct connection to Paddington Station, if convenience is what you need, you can't beat this establishment.  Heathrow Express will take you direct to Paddington Station and you can walk directly into the hotel without stepping outside.  Being centrally located in Paddington helps you in getting places as well, so again... Can't beat the location.  Otherwise, it's a basic hotel that could probably use some renovations/modernization. The Wi-Fi is a bit spotty too.",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
1517,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1520-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Location, Value for Money and Excellent Staff","Great location, near Heathrow Express and a lot of restaurant around. It is a value for money and with friendly staff, will always feel good especially after a long flight. Defintely will consider to stay there again.",Date of stay: November 2016,5.0
1518,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1520-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great location!,"Situated right beside the Heathrow Express with quick access to the airport. Staff is friendly & professional, hotel is very clean and well-maintained. We stayed in the new GWR suites tower where the rooms are really nice. Beds are super comfortable. Would definitely recommend staying here.",Date of stay: November 2016,5.0
1519,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1520-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Business trip,Great for flying into country/London from Heathrow Airport.  Take train direct to hotel with no stops.  Great place to visit greater London without costing a lot of money.  dYes need to take a taxi to other sites.,Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
1520,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1525-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great hotel with big rooms,Wow in a London hotel I can actually say my room was spacious!  Very nice clean and comfortable room with every detail taken care of.  Perfect stay and would recommend if you need easy access to Paddington Express and don't want to stay in a soulless airport hotel.,Date of stay: October 2016,5.0
1521,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1525-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Best hotel location in London,"I highly recommend the Hilton Paddington for it's location and services... be it on a business trip or on holiday, the hotel gives you a big option to travel withing London and the other cities . Specially with the Heathrow Express from the Heathrow airport .. it took me only 15 minutes to be at the hotel ..no traffic on the road.. wow that was great...",Date of stay: November 2016,5.0
1522,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1525-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,An elegant extension of Paddington Station right down to the noise and bustle!,"We used airmiles to book our room but it still required nearly $100 to complete. Its accessibility to the Heathrow express and paddington train stn was the main reason for this booking. If you are looking for a calm oasis from the city and station bustle, this is not the place. A very busy, noisy and chaotic atmosphere greets you as you arrive. Checking in was a longish affair. With our room not being ready at 2.15pm we went to the Steam room bar to wait and enjoy a drink. The bar was nice the service however was nonexistent. After sitting at the only available table, dirty, we waited at least 10 minutes while the women staff wandered back & forwards ignoring us. Finally I went to the bar ordered both our drinks and food from the barman. Only then did one of the waiting staff…",Date of stay: November 2016,3.0
1523,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1525-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Perfect place to stay,"When planning a trip, you want 3 things - a clean nice hotel, convenient for your stay and reasonable prices. This hotel hits all the marks. The hotel is beautiful and the rooms are clean and comfy. We got breakfast included and it was well worth it. The buffet had many options and was delicious. A great way to start the day, especially when food can be pricey! The convenience was another great aspect of staying at this hotel, its steps from the train and subway stops and all the tour buses stopped there also. The price was average for London which isn't cheap but we felt it was worth the price.",Date of stay: November 2016,5.0
1524,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1525-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Expensive but great location and high quality rooms,Have stayed here a few times and always have been treated well. Rooms can be smallish (as in most of London) but breakfast is top class  Location is perfect when coming from Heathrow with the ability to walk into hotel from Paddington express without having to go onto street. Will stay again,Date of stay: November 2016,5.0
1525,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1530-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Stay in tower room,"I Really loved the stay here, the ambience of This hotel is Great , it is crowdy but elegant , the service At the door And the reception is Very Nice. I liked the bathroom And bedroom with Very elegant interiors. Beautiful corridor in light colors.  Just around Paddington Station With Great connection to Heathrow 👌🏻👌🏻👌🏻👌🏻👌🏻",Date of stay: November 2016,5.0
1526,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1530-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Afternoon tea at hilton hotel,"When in London with girlfriends one cannot miss an afternoon tea with sparkling wine, pepperminth tea, sandwiches and small petit fours.   Hilton hotel gives a warm welcomming with polite personel. The tea, wine and cakes are tasty and delicate. The sandwiches are a bit boring with white loaf and cucumber. Traditional, yes, however not an amazing culinary experience.   All in all a very nice chance to experience britishh traditions and customs for a reasonable price.",Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
1527,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1530-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Excellent Location, Good Room ","Excellent Location just above Paddington station and staff members who do all they can and more for you to make your stay, check in and other experience memorable.   Good Breakfast, decent sized rooms (as compared to London standards) make your stay comfortable. ",Date of stay: November 2016,5.0
1528,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1530-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Nice service and rooms with a great location,Easy access to this hotel from Heathrow via Heathrow Express.  20 min train ride drops you off right at the hotel.  Hotel rooms are very comfortable and up to date.  Use the executive service for better room and access to the execute lounge.  Hotel is in the heart of London with a subway/tube stop right below.  You can also access trains to outside of the city easily.,Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
1529,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1530-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,The worst check in and check out possible,I selected this hotel because of its proximity to the station and therefor assumed ease of travel. It was excluding the bad organization skills of hilton that is not able to staff check in and check out properly. It took me 20 minutes before a staff employee could check me out.  Absolutely not what can be expected for hilton.   Strongly recommend to plan a lot of time to  do these basic things (after having paid 21 pounds for breakfast).   Otherwise rooms are fine and clean. Bed comfortable. Fitness quite sketchy. ,Date of stay: November 2016,2.0
1530,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1535-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Very practical,"Stayed here for a couple of nights. Direct access to Padding Station (Heathrow Express) and the Underground is a bonus, although it's quite far from the city. Lobby is very busy, not hotel like, but staff are professional, helpful and friendly. Room is tidy and clean, very good. A good base from which to have many trips. ",Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
1531,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1535-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Very disapointing," Worst stay in a long time, won't be rushing back. Why ? Room 634. Very stuffy and hot room. Switch on air conditioning, it doesn't do much apart from make a noise, so switch off. Then I notice the sound of ventilation equipment outside my window. Speaking of which, I couldn't even open a window for fresh air. Not a very good night sleep.  I was also glad I wasn't looking for a room with a view. Despite being on the top floor on the outside of the building, I was faced with a parapet wall. If I stood on a chair I could perhaps see over it. The breakfast wasn't particularly good either. Dried up scrambled eggs and other food that had obviously been out for a while, even at 7am, freshly made greasy omlettes. Disapointing. Mentioned at check out but little response. Thankfully I…",Date of stay: November 2016,1.0
1532,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1535-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Easy access from Heathrow Airport by Heathrow Express,"Just 15 minutes after arrival at Heathrow we can check-in in the room on Paddington, Classic hotel room interior, breakfast is very good with variety fresh fruit and hot food. Access to every in London are very easy, bus station and subway station just in front of the hotel.",Date of stay: June 2016,3.0
1533,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1535-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Old wing requires renovation. The toilet flush was broken!,"We stayed at this hotel for three nights in May and we were disappointed. Definitely not Hilton standard.  We were assigned to the old wing and the room definitely requires renovation. The toilet flush was broken at the first night at our stay and we informed the hotel staff in the following morning. When we returned to the room in the evening, there's a note saying the toilet flush has been fixed and all you have to do is to push the flush harder - which was not the case and the toilet flush simply did not work. We made another complaint in the following morning and the situation was still the same when we checked out. Great disappointment at hotel management as the room was not cheap.  The hotel has an excellent location and the room itself is spacious. However, we will not be…",Date of stay: May 2016,1.0
1534,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1535-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Location, location, location.","The hotel is right next to Paddington station, with direct access from inside the station as well, which was very convenient when using the tube and trains. It was extremely busy during check-in, but procedures done quickly. Staff and service impersonal, but professional. Hotel extremely busy, the lobby seemed to be crowded almost all the time during our stay.  Stayed in suite, which was truly spacious by London standards. The living room was large as well, with a big sofa bed. There were signs of aging and tiredness in the rooms, quite a few chipped wall corners and the bathrooms felt outdated. Room was very quiet and comfortable, thickly carpeted but felt a bit dark. The premium wifi was slow/did not work on number of occasions. Breakfast had a good selection, and a…",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
1535,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1540-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Paddington,Terrifically convenient walk directly from rail to hotel. Direct rail to Heathrow. Lovely facility. Great workout room. Helpful staff. Wonderful Executive Lounge. Plenty of restaurants and museum nearby,Date of stay: November 2016,5.0
1536,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1540-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Hilton Paddington,I really like staying at this hotel. The Paddington Express train from Heathrow comes straight in and the underground entrance is just across the street. I perfect location to get around the city and the staff is great. ,Date of stay: November 2016,5.0
1537,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1540-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Nice surprise!,"I only stayed at this hotel because my father was staying there, and we wanted to be nearby. It turned out to be a great find.  The location is excellent. Buffet breakfast included lots of options and fresh food, and dinner was very good (+ they didn't charge for the children, which was a welcome suprise!). Staff were very helpful, particularly Ellen at breakfast and Charles at dinner. Thank you for a very pleasant visit!",Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
1538,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1540-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great location.,"I think the best feature of this hotel for me was its proximity to Paddington Station from where you can get tube, rail to various parts of England and all the travel pass and tickets to various attractions. Other than that it's a grand hotel with lovely staff and meal. The room is a lot bigger than what you are used to while staying in London so that is a plus.",Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
1539,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1540-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Nicely located for people rushing from the airport,"Good service, clean, well located close to the Paddington station, which makes the hotel very convenient in central London for people rushing from / to the Heathrow airport.  My room was a bot cold, could not fix the AC, but tidy and quiet despite being on the first floor and having windows on the lateral street.  The hotel has all you could expect for a Hotel of this category, Price is aligned to the service...  i recommend it for business, they have a business center, great buffet for breakfast (full english).",Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
1540,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1545-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Great Location and Great Staff, Big room!!","Hilton Paddington is easy access to the LHR airport by train, and rooms are very large. Good access by multiple Under Groud train (subway). Classic stylish hotel yet facility are all new. location is in a nice and safe area.  All staff are very helpful and friendly.   I will always choose Hilton Paddington when I am staying in London.",Date of stay: November 2016,5.0
1541,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1545-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Super convenient - never disappoints,"We've stayed at Paddington Hilton a number of times, and some things never change and sometimes, that's a good thing.  Rooms are spacious albeit starting to show some aging. It's an older property so one would expect some ""character"".  The convenience is it's directly above 4 tube lines, and a 5th about to be added with the new Elizabeth line. It's also the terminus for the Heathrow Express...so you're never more than 15 minutes from the airport.  Room service is prompt, efficient and friendly and if you're in a suite or higher ""honors"" member, you enjoy complimentary breakfast and snacks in the exec lounge.  There are also several pubs within a short walk.  Solid 4 star service and with a little sprucing up, it could reach 4.5.",Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
1542,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1545-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great location in London,This was a great location to stay in London. Easy to get access to Heatrow express or the subway. 5 Stations down to Oxford cirkus. Really poor service in the bar and the restaurant. The breakfast was good.,Date of stay: October 2016,3.0
1543,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1545-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great location ,Great place for all attractions. Tube service on your door step . Room clean and spacious. Breakfast good but can get rather busy and a bit tight for space . The concierge were first class . Even when busy went out their way to help . ,Date of stay: November 2016,5.0
1544,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1545-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Luxurious hotel steps away from Paddington station,"I stayed here the night before taking a flight from Heathrow, booking this hotel specifically because it is adjacent to Paddington Station and the Heathrow Express. Expecting the usual UK small room with furniture vaguely from before 1970, I was very surprised and exceptionally pleased with my hotel room. Because my room was unavailable at check-in, I was put into a super-luxury room in the Executive Tower (""GWR"", for Great Western Railroad""). The room was very large, exceptionally quiet, and nicely furnished with a big bathroom and luxurious shower and tub. There was a great desk and desk chair. Wi-Fi signal strength and speed was excellent. I felt that I hit the jackpot. The immediate neighborhood is full of inexpensive shops, cafes and tourist hotels, but within a 5 -10…",Date of stay: October 2016,5.0
1545,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1550-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Weekend break,Allowed us to have early check in which was great as I has requested this earlier in week. Slightly dated in decor but excellent location for getting about London! Staff were approachable so will definitely be back ,Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
1546,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1550-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Good but request room away from streets,"I stayed for a night and the overall package was what I expected from a 5 star hotel.  What I was really impressed from is the interior of the hotel and in particular a mural in the second floor.  You might want to consider requesting a room away from the streets; either top floors or in the interior of the building. I stayed at 118 which is overseeing the rally point of the supplier trucks for the Paddington train station and the activity started 05:00ish.  In summary, within expectations, impressive 1st floor mural and you might want to request a quiet room. ",Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
1547,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1550-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Good service but noisy and very expensive ,"I only stayed for 1night/day and must say that the staff at the desk were friendly and arranged a (very) late checkout for me at no extra charge which I was very grateful for. Joined to Paddington station, and right opposite the Heathrow Express (so if you have a lot of luggage or don't want to walk far after your plane/train, it is perfect). But the hotel feels about as intimate as a railway station halfway house! The place is busy, the lounge is open and feels like a massive waiting room and the location means that lower rooms that are street facing are very very noisy. Centrally located to get to any part of central London - a big plus - but very expensive and definitely not a cosy hotel experience, even though located in a heritage building. At this price  I expected a lot…",Date of stay: October 2016,3.0
1548,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1550-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Quality and convenience,"I booked this hotel because I had 24 hours in London between flights and wanted to make the most of my time. This was at the end of a month of travel, which included 14 stops. Little did I know that the Hilton folks are masters of hospitality. Though I did not require a laundry line or a phone, I was delighted to find both available in the bathroom. The front desk staff were great, and this hotel can't be beat for proximity to the tube and the Heathrow Express. There's even a Starbucks just outside the door in Paddington Station.",Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
1549,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1550-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Extremely Rude Doorman Totally Soured the Stay,"Checked in on Nov 1, 2016 afternoon.   The doorman on duty between 12:30 - 1:30 in the afternoon is without any hospitality to greet a weary traveler. In fact, quite deliberately rude.  I was with my baby, who was on a buggy and I ask him if there is a ramp (as there are about 5 steps up to the door). Didn't think the question was out of place, seems a legit one given the circumstances. He then proceeds to lecture me about how I should greet him good afternoon first rather than ask him if there's a ramp. He then, without warning, briskly takes the bottom of the buggy to take us up a few steps (and continue to mutter nonsense under his breath).    I've never been treated so badly before! This is not what customers look forward to as they start their stay at a hotel. Isn't the…",Date of stay: November 2016,2.0
1550,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1555-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Not what I expect from a Hilton hotel,"I stayed in the Paddington for 1 night for business as a Hhonor member. Obviously the location is great, being attached to Paddington station. However, the standard of this hotel is not what I usually get at Hilton hotels. Basically it feels like a big factory and this is contrary of what you get in most other Hiltons, I like the relaxed ambiance and the staff that is in control and always friendly. Staff here is in a constant 'busy' mode and as a guest that doesn't make you feel comfortable. The rooms are London small, which I don't immediately find a problem, but quite old fashioned and the shower took 5 minutes to warm up and the mattress is hard and will make you feel that there are springs inside, usually this means it's old. Breakfast was a bit disappointing as well. The…",Date of stay: November 2016,3.0
1551,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1555-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great location but most other things poor,"It's a great location. But... very expensive, noisy if next to the street, threadbare old towels, room never warmed up despite thermostat at max heat, poor wifi, towels replaced despite being hung up, breakfast not included in exhorbitant price, smallish room, and £4.50 for a coke from the minibar. Hotel a bit tired, definitely not up to Hilton standards.",Date of stay: November 2016,2.0
1552,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1555-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Ideal location for travelling from Paddington station,Lovely room although a little on the small side.  Very comfortable bed.  Little or no noise from the busy road outside.  Great bathroom.  Breakfast pricey so didn't bother as plenty of choice at Paddington station.,Date of stay: October 2016,5.0
1553,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1555-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Perfect location,Great location for touring central London. The staff was very attentive in the lounge and we enjoyed breakfast and happy hour.  The executive room layout was perfect for our group of 3 girls for our long weekend.,Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
1554,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1555-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Well below expectations!,"I am an HHonors member and I typically stay at Hilton hotels in my business travels. Standards at this Hilton are definitely lower than elsewhere. 1) Check-in was a hassle.  2) My room was on the 6th floor. To reach the room, had to walk a good 150 yards and a 7-step stairs (!) in between (not a pleasant surprise esp when you are with luggage) 3) Foul smell in the bathroom 4) Water pressure in the shower went on and off, so did the temperature, overall very uncomfortable 5) No slippers 6)The complimentary water not replenished 7) Internet connection was not very fast and was intermittent 8) No remote control for TV, simply could not turn it on 9) Old, uncomfortable furniture 10) From the room, I called the reception for at least 30 minutes, and no one picked it up. Later in the…",Date of stay: October 2016,2.0
1555,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1560-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great place to Stay!,"Rooms are nice clean, not to much noise from hallway. Beds are comfy! Paddington station doors right by restaurant. Stores nearby. Staff are very polite. I would definitely stay at this hotel again. Weather was very nice a little cold but nice. The Hop On and Off bus very close by.",Date of stay: October 2016,5.0
1556,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1560-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Great location, definitely a 4-star hotel","It has a GREAT location, just in front of Paddington station and the Heathrow Express. It really exceeded our expectations. The beds are very confortable, bathroom well stocked with amenities. Good value for money.",Date of stay: October 2016,5.0
1557,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1560-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great option in Paddington,"Previously the Great Western Hotel, a great place to stay in Paddington. Good location, adjacent to Paddington station. Comfortable room. Charcterful hotel. Great breakfast. Deluxe room spacious. Good value.",Date of stay: October 2016,5.0
1558,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1560-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Great Hotel, Great Location","The staff in every area of the hotel were excellent. Perfect location for the Heathrow Express. Our room exceeded our expectations, large and well appointed. Breakfast buffet had everything we could have asked for. Highly recommend this hotel.",Date of stay: September 2016,5.0
1559,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1560-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,4 day stay Oct 15-19,"excellent location, world class  hotel without being over the  top expensive. W e have stayed before and it was also great.  honours members are treated especially well. Food is great and rooms are well equipped and comfortable.",Date of stay: October 2016,5.0
1560,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1565-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Hilton London Paddignton,"Excellent location, rght on London Paddington station. Breakfast spread is great. Good room size, very clean to hilton standards. Couteous staff! Couple of restaurants down the street are good. Good connectively of public transportation to central London. I will surely stay again here.",Date of stay: October 2016,5.0
1561,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1565-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,City Break,"We travelled to London by train and wanted a hotel near to the main transport hub. Therefore this is an excellent base.  I can't fault the hotel in any way; rooms are clean and fresh, the hotel is immaculate, and breakfast is awesome.  If you're after a room with a view (we were not) then you might be disappointed as this is Paddington after all.  A great few nights, will stay here again.",Date of stay: October 2016,5.0
1562,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1565-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,An Oasis in a bustling city!,"I have stayed in this hotel some 500 times!!! I think I have a good grasp of this amazing place. Some staff I recall joining, others are just fantastic. Of special note, Manoush and his staff in Steam Bar, Kevin in the Restaurant who knows everybody! Mark the doorman is an incredible individual I met him the day the place opened. The staff in the executive lounge are delightful. Rakesh on the front desk is most accommodating, as are his wonderful staff. I must mention James in sales too. No negatives!!!",Date of stay: October 2016,5.0
1563,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1565-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Transit in London,We stayed for a lightning quick stopover and wanted to be near the train station. This hotel shares the same building with Paddington station so transfers to and from trains at the station is convenient.   The rooms look to be recently updated and was very comfortable. The concierge porters could be more helpful for an international chain.   My wife and I walked through the doors full of shopping bags and bags but got no assistance from the porters who stood by while we struggled pushing the bags pass the revolving door. ,Date of stay: October 2016,3.0
1564,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1565-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Super location....... fair value for money for London,"Usual Hilton standard, very busy positioned in Paddington station. We upgraded as we arrived to include their business lounge. The cost is £25 per person per day which delivers outstanding value for money. A constant flow of teas coffee and soft drinks sandwiches and nibbles all nice and fresh available all day. A selection of wines and spirits for a couple of hours on an evening. If you upgrade to a higher class room for £50 per night per room you get the lounge included for your stay.  Just a tip .... in the business lounge... breakfast is mega limited. We tried to go in the main restaurant for breakfast to have the wide variety but they would not let us so I was told you can ask for what you want in the business lounge and they will fetch it for you Omelettes or porridge for…",Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
1565,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1570-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great location modern room ( new tower) ,Stayed at the tower a modern newt building than the old Hilton paddington. The new tower is connected to the old building via the second floor. The rooms are modern and big enough relative to London standard. I had the access to the lounge where they serve soft drinks snacks and daily hot breakfast. Although the breakfast was very limited.  The location of this hotel is what makes great being a walking distance from paddington station.  Everything was super clean and the bed was super comfortable. An iron and iron board are available in every room. Highly recommended for business travelers. ,Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
1566,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1570-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Very enjoyable stay,Very handy location beside Paddington rail and  tube stations.The decor of the rooms is very well done. Beds are large and comfortable. Plenty of restaurants nearby. The breakfast was well cooked and there was a great choice. Will go back .,Date of stay: October 2016,5.0
1567,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1570-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Junius Fall Trip,"Great location, friendly staff and large clean rooms. The breakfast was excellent each morning and there was a large selection of rooms to choose from. I would definitely recommend this hotel. From the time we grabbed our bags at Heathrow to the hotel entrance was about 25 min.",Date of stay: October 2016,5.0
1568,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1570-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Hotel Paddington,Very nice hotel and great location.  Great pubs in the area.  Fun to be in the actual 'train station'.  Wonderful hotel staff and the doorman was helpful and very friendly. I would stay here again.  Didn't use the gym but it looked like it was clean.,Date of stay: October 2016,5.0
1569,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1570-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great location,"The staff and hotel was great. Location was good-lots of restaurants, coffee shops,  shopping and tube nearby. Very accessible to airport with Heathrow Express. Unfortunately Paddington station was under construction/closed when we were there so we had to walk to another station which was not too far. We did use Uber and did not pay an arm and a leg since hotel was pretty close to everything.",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
1570,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1575-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great Location to London,"It has a perfect location – just opposite the Paddington train station. We could even walk nearby places like Bayswater, Nottinghill.  Like what we would expect of any 5 star hotels, it offers all the modern facilities (wifi, cable TV, room services). Because our flight lands very early in the morning, we are grateful that the check in staff accommodates our request for an early check in.",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
1571,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1575-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Decent hotel directly at Paddington station,"Main selling point for the hotel is its location, directly connected to the train/tube station. Great for business travellers - I personally wouldn't like to spend my vacation here since the hotel somehow lacks atmosphere and gets very busy at times - the lobby / breakfast area is quite small for the hotel size. Room size was ok and they give you free water bottles which is a nice touch. My bed sheets however smelled of dump. Mentioned it to my colleagues and they had the same musty smell in their bedrooms too. Internet connection was quite slow at times however the internet was free of charge. Unlike other travellers, I did not have any issues at all with noise at night. Service was ok, most staff members were friendly.",Date of stay: October 2016,3.0
1572,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1575-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Next to Paddington Station,"Very conveniently located, right next to the Paddington station where the Heathrow Express ends.   Room is big and facing away from the road. Not noisy during my stay.  If you want free internet, subscribe and book from the Hilton website, else internet is chargeable.  Will stay again.",Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
1573,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1575-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Wonderful Experience,"The staff of the Paddington Hilton are a courteous, friendly, and professional group of employees who treated me with the utmost respect. They greeted me as a valued customer when I checked in and during my stay. I couldn't ask for a better staff. The restaurant is convenient and the food is very good. The bar is a nice place to have a drink and unwind after the long day.",Date of stay: October 2016,5.0
1574,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1575-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Nice hotel hilton, in a funny way!","Unusualy for me i thought i would write this review while actualy staying in the hotel, so we may be asked to leave soon, anyway here we are in the hotel, so,   Ok here goes, writen on my small tablet so spelling and errors are just a test! We are staying at the hilton paddington, it hqs great access from the heathrow express, there used to be a walkway directly from the station but at 10 pm at night i could not see it so i asked a cop, mistake 1 (he sentvme outside to the main road in the rain the git)   Finding the hotel was simple because it has a sign post saying hilton paddington so that was ok, reception after 10pm seemed a little harried as it was one person, i had an qmerican who literaly pushed in fron of me to get a room, some people need to think ahead but o well,…",Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
1575,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1580-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Dont expect to get any sleep after travel.,Location is perfect when you are coming from the airport and you are ready to settle in for the night. However don't expect to get any sleep in this hotel. They do not care about your rest and when you call they do not fix the problem. Lost a customer for life.,Date of stay: October 2016,1.0
1576,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1580-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Not worth the $$$,"Staying here is purely for convenience,  not for being smart.  Very VERY expensive, small room, blows cold air, security guard walks around the halls at night talking on his cell phone and the clincher: £21 for breakfast!  Better off staying away, find a less expensive hotel and paying the taxi/tube fair.  Will never stay here again.  ",Date of stay: October 2016,2.0
1577,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1580-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Best Hotel near Paddington,"I've stayed here twice now and each time was perfect. The property is perfect, the location is perfect, the fitness center is small but very doable and lobby, restaurant and bar totally fit the bill. If you need to meet someone for a quick biz meeting you can meet in the lobby or step out the back door into the station and hit up a Starbucks. Being connected to Paddington makes it easy for people to come visit you. Plenty of room and hot water for the shower with thick walls to each room so you can feel isolated to relax. This is my new home when near Paddington.",Date of stay: October 2016,5.0
1578,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1580-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Hilton Paddington is the Best,"We love this hotel because you can take the Heathrow Express directly to the hotel! You step off the train, walk to the elevator and into the Hotel Lobby! Of course there is the Paddington Tube station as well downstairs.",Date of stay: October 2016,5.0
1579,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1580-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,NOISY BEDROOM,Make sure you do not get given a room overlooking the Paddington train station road slipway as the noise from the external air con will keep you awake all night and ruin your stay. This problem must have occurred previously but the rooms are still used.,Date of stay: October 2016,1.0
1580,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1585-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Slightly better than prison restrictions.,The deputy manager Mr. Bubnowski was very hostile and deprived us of all services in spite of us paying for accommodation in advance. I was never told of the restrictions before I booked or at the time of check-in. I won't stay in this hotel again.,Date of stay: October 2016,2.0
1581,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1585-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Our stay,"Must say, one of the best holidays we've had! Traveled with my 2 teenagers, stayed at Hilton, & that was the best decision by far!! Each & everyone of Hilton staff from doorman, to concierge, to the amazing staff at the brasserie made us feel so much at home! So amazed at how well the hotel is run. Team work between the staffs is outstanding! We will definitely be back. Best experience. Thank you Hilton Paddington for all you did for us! 10/10. ",Date of stay: October 2016,5.0
1582,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1585-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Consistently good!,"You expect a level of service when you come to a Hilton Hotel and this one does not disappoint.  The rooms are spacious and nicely appointed and the linens are first rate.  The staff also provides a great level of support.  The proximity to Paddington Station makes it ideal for those either coming from Heathrow of going to the airport.    The only drawback was the breakfast.... although an English Breakfast, it was just OK....  the food on the hot bar was often lukewarm and the dining staff looked and acted bored to be there.  ",Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
1583,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1585-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Stylish and simple....,"In the heart of Paddington , I was taking part in the Race for life event and this was the one hotel closet to the venue location for an overnight stay.  The room was booked for 3 people and even though we arrived after 3pm as recommended  to book in, the room wasn't ready.   We waited for it to be preparedness and the extra bed installed , little accessories was missing due to the late preparation.  However house keeping was accommodating and provided all the extras we requested.  The room we were  allocated the night club music could be heard throughout  the night so sleep was impossible   Ideal for a central location but not on the weekend for a good night sleep. ",Date of stay: July 2016,2.0
1584,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1585-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Good location ,I used to stay in this hotel in my quick trips in London ... You walk few steps from airport direct train to your room ... The only thing I did not like here is the slow process of check-in and check-out even with friendly staff in reception. In my last stay I tried the new tower and it was good as well. ,Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
1585,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1590-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Wonderful family stay,"I booked weekend stay at paddington hilton  due to proximity from Hyde Park concert .I must say, it was  Wonderful stay .room was not ready but staff helped me to store baggage , freshen up. Later in the evening room was ready and good size  clean room, bed was nice . Highly recommended hotel for family stay. Quality restaurant and friendly staff. ",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
1586,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1590-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"One night stay, great location and friendly staff","We had one day in London, as we were getting the train in to Paddington it made sense to stay at the Hilton. The room was great, the staff were very helpful and friendly and the breakfast was lovely.   I would definitely recommend this hotel and will definitely be staying there.",Date of stay: October 2016,5.0
1587,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1590-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Excellent location, extremely friendly staff, well appointed, good value","We had just one day in London...we flew in from Ireland, took the train to Paddington station where the hotel is located - dead easy to find!  Close to the metro...we quickly checked in and were off and running for the day.  The room had two queen beds so accommodated 4 adults, making this a great value for us.  Very nice fit and finish with high end toiletries.  We had breakfast included which was quite good, so we had a leisurely start to our morning before heading back to the airport and home.  High recommend!",Date of stay: September 2016,5.0
1588,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1590-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"GWR Tower review.  Very good location, large comfortable room, reasonable service.","I stayed in Room 2509 in the Tower which is a more exclusive area of the hotel.   It is quieter with superior finishes and feels more elegant.  The tower also has its own executive lounge which is smaller and less crowded.  The room was large by London standards and I appreciated the separate work area.   The bathroom and shower were large and excellent.  The room was also very well soundproofed with effective air conditioning.  The Wifi was adequate rather than exceptional.  My computer remained connected while in the room but my phone constantly disconnected - the wifi is not a simple password that stays connected, every few hours you have to go through one of those irritating pages where you log in with your room number and a code and occasionally I lost Wifi completely,…",Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
1589,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1590-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Business in London,"Perfect for travelers to London, connected to Heathrow Express (Paddington station) - making it easy to fly into Heathrow and then travel to other locations. Rooms are nice, complimentary internet is fast. ",Date of stay: September 2016,5.0
1590,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1595-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Excellent hotel in great location,"We were very pleased to have booked this hotel.  Great location with a good value car park nearby (£10 for 24h at the weekend) and very convenient for the bus, the tube, and walking to Hyde Park.  Reception area looked very smart, we got the two connecting double rooms that we wanted, both of which were well specified and were in excellent condition.    One minor downside might be the shower temperature stability, and the way that the credit card reservation of £50 per room for incidentals was explained to us at check in.  Overall, and we've stayed in a lot of hotels like this, very pleased and very impressed.  We look forward to returning.",Date of stay: October 2016,5.0
1591,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1595-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Lovely Relaxing stay,We stayed at the Hilton Paddington for one night and couldn't fault it. The bedroom was extremely comfortable and quiet to say that we were next to Paddington station. The breakfast was delicious and plentiful and the waiter Silvio was extremely attentive and helpful. I wouls definitely stay her again and thoroughly recommend it.,Date of stay: September 2016,5.0
1592,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1595-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Excellent hotel in excellent location,"If proximity to a major railway station and to the subways and to Heathrow via the Express are important, then this is the place to stay. You walk from the station into the hotel. Plenty of eateries within less than 100 feet.",Date of stay: September 2016,5.0
1593,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1595-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Hotel Room Burglary and More!,"Where should I begin from? Let us start off with the hotel ambience inside and out, which was a complete chaotic situation where there was no peace and quiet and not to mention lack of safety. We stayed at the Paddington Hotel in London, which is directly next to the Paddington Station, so just imagine how crowded and busy the hotel is. Our trip was meant to be filled with relaxation and joy, which was the complete opposite of what we experienced. Our trip was consisted of a visit to Spain and London, we stayed at countless five and four star hotels, two different countries, but this hotel experience was the utmost worst. Our room number, 517 was nothing as explained in the catalogs. I honestly don't know where to start from, the room was just plain OLD: the furniture, walls,…",Date of stay: September 2016,1.0
1594,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1595-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Terrible customer service - No respect for HHonors members,"The hotel itself is OK. Certainly not great per Hilton standards but the location is good, right next to Paddington station. However, what a horrible experience with the front desk and the customer service. Upon checkout, I was charged for the wifi, although I am a HHonors Gold member. I was told that this was a mistake and that the charge would be waived. Back at home, I saw that I had actually been charged (13 pounds for a wifi connection that was spotty at best). I called back the hotel and was told that because I had booked through Expedia, I could not receive HHonors benefits. I have stayed in many Hiltons in the world and this is the first time this happens to me. The front desk proceeded and hung up on me, telling me to read the terms and conditions of the program. I…",Date of stay: September 2016,1.0
1595,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1600-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Hilton Paddington Station Very Nice,"We stayed in the Hilton, Paddington Station on Sept 3,2016. The room was clean and comfortable with no lack of amenities for our stay. The staff is very helpful and informative about the local area. This hotel is very convenient to the underground as you walk through a lobby and door and you are in Paddington Station.This certainly made our travel very easy as you have access to a main transfer station which includes the Heathrow Express. The hotel is very quiet in respect to any noise you might expect from the underground and train station. We stayed on the upper floors in the Tower and had access to the Executive Lounge where the amenities are very nice and include food and drinks and computer stations. We had breakfast in this lounge the next morning. Fresh eggs are prepared…",Date of stay: September 2016,5.0
1596,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1600-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Drink before a meeting ,Came for drink and sandwich with work colleagues before a meeting. Service was really good and attentive. I can't really comment on the price as I didn't pay but it was a nice sandwich and fresh orange juice ,Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
1597,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1600-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"As expected... convenient location, Hilton standard services...","I chose this hotel because our international flight was scheduled to arrive late in the Heathrow airport late and this hotel was very easily accessible through the airport express train..  Upon our arriving we found out that our reserved room in the new tower wing was an accessible room which was totally unexpected and very uncomfortable.   Also a really tiny window in the room (in a very strange high location) bothered us.   However, the hotel changed the accessible room to the one in the old wing next day which was fine with us for our rest of the stay. (Thanks Mr. Lakesh for prompt cares.).     As some early comments pointed out the access to a new tower wing room was a bit strange (you have to change elevators two times  passing through a long corridor).  Although the room…",Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
1598,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1600-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Family trip to London,"Fantastic location and situated directly on Paddington station, so easy to access after our journey. The room, which was ready when we arrived, was clean, comfortable and spacious and we enjoyed a lovely buffet breakfast, with plenty of choice.  Our children loved it.",Date of stay: September 2016,5.0
1599,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1600-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Handy,"We flew in from Perth to London for a one day stop over and chose the Hilton Paddington because of accessibility.  It was better located than we thought, absolutely couldn't want more, straight off the Heathrow express and walk into the hotel.  Room was not huge, view was not great but this is London and to be expected, quality was good and breakfast very nice.  If you are flying in for a quick stop over and wa t to get into London fast then hard to go past this hotel.",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
1600,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1605-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Bad bad bad ,"25 minutes waiting at check in before any acknowledgement. Bad!   The staff either didn't care, or were not trained. Bad!  The room we booked months in advanced was not available. Bad!   The whole place is dated. Bad!  I'm trying to think of a positive. Location is the only thing going for it. Avoid this hotel unless you are looking for dated overpriced mediocre service ",Date of stay: September 2016,1.0
1601,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1605-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Good stay, no fuss","I stayed on a Friday and Saturday night. Coming in from Heathrow it was completely hassle free. Airport - Heathrow Express - Paddington - upstairs to the hotel.  Room was ok, older room, reasonable size and everything was fine.  The room overlooked an internal courtyard. A recommendation to the hotel - put some blinds up or some translucent film, I don't want to see your messy storage areas and office space. It's a simple thing to do and would look far more professional.  Great location for regent street. Tube train right on the door stop and direct line to Oxford Circus.  I shall return!",Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
1602,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1605-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Wonderfully reliable stay at a great location,"We're a repeat visitor to the Hilton Paddington, because it's such a great location with quick and direct access to Heathrow plus many Tube lines. As usual, the room was comfortable, clean, and well-appointed. Check-in and check-out was efficient and friendly. Our stay included breakfast, which was a wonderful buffet with lots of variety and all good quality food. The Hilton Paddington continues to be a reliable, quality stay in London.",Date of stay: September 2016,5.0
1603,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1605-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Excellent Location for Business in Swindon, Slough","This hotel is located in Paddington Station.  The location makes it very convenient if you fly into Heathrow.  You can take the Heathrow Express from the airport directly to Paddington Station and then literally take an escalator from the platform level to the hotel.  There is a Starbucks just outside the hotel for a quick breakfast.  Paddington Station has several food vendors for lunch or dinner. If you need to travel to Swindon or Slough, you are already at the station once you step outside your hotel.  The hotel room itself was perfectly comfortable for a business trip.",Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
1604,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1605-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great stay !!!,"A very enjoyable short stay overnight after a trip to the West End for a show.  The rooms are comfortable and functional, the bed are rather firm though.  The food in the restaurant lobby area was good, although trying to get someone to serve us was difficult- drinks and food took ages to arrive!!!!  The hotel is very convenient to Paddington Station and for the energetic is only a 2.7 Mile walk from the West End. (or £15 Uber Taxi ride)  ",Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
1605,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1610-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Disgusting experience,"Staff was rude, not helpful, didn't get appropriate room on early arrival though paid from earlier day, staff suggested to go somewhere else. Value for money paid very questionable. Think twice before booking. Always stay at this hotel whenever in London, disgusting experience this time.",Date of stay: September 2016,1.0
1606,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1610-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Great Location, Access to Transportation, Comfort","We stay at this hotel several times a year. The rooms are beautifully appointed, extremely clean, roomy and comfortable. The staff at this hotel is normally very warm and welcoming. Unfortunately, on our most recent visit (the third time we stayed at the hotel in a 2 week period) the young lady who checked us in was most unwelcoming because we had booked the room ""via a travel agent"". While we are normally greeted by name, with a smile, and are happy to provide a credit card for  incidentals, the young lady in question demanded a 50pound deposit, accompanied by a laundry list of things for which we would not qualify (breakfast, internet, access to executive lounge, etc.).  I believe that we will continue to stay at the hotel, however, my husband is already looking for options…",Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
1607,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1610-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Paddington Bear is served,"An excellent location if you need to access Heathrow, but also have something to visit in London the day before. Easy to get to and the conceirge staff were excellent at handling luggage etc. Had been unable to print off our boarding passes at home so this was easily done via the Business Centre. The next day the staff provided luggage service right to the train without being asked,",Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
1608,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1610-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Excellent Again,This hotel is consistent. Consistently excellent. The staff are always extremely warm and welcoming. Executive lounge is excellent. Food in the restaurant is good. Perfect hotel and location for anyone travelling on business with good transport access and link to heathrow,Date of stay: September 2016,5.0
1609,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1610-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,A curate's egg of a hotel,"The pluses: Perfect location for Paddington station Comfortable bed Good conferencing facilities  The negatives: Tiny room and very dated In need of refurbishment and new furniture  Reception staff snotty and unhelpful They refused to take full payment for breakfast at check-in, but only pre auth (why? Makes no sense) They refused to give me a paper invoice and would only send it later Breakfast very poor quality",Date of stay: August 2016,3.0
1610,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1615-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"High Quality stay, great location","At the Padfington station so easy to get around .  Rooms so nice and the staff very helpful.  Believe I asked for lots of help.  Gluten sliced bread, blueberry muffin and rice at breakfast buffet.  Could use a separate toaster.",Date of stay: September 2016,5.0
1611,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1615-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"A total nightmare, even after leave...","Check in is normal, but beware of the security deposit, make a point of being exhaustive on questions about the terms and DEADLINES due dates. It's been more than 15 working days and still waiting for the refund. Worst, the hotel does not answer to emails, even after sending a complain at a corporate level.This is the actual nightmare after leaving the hotel...  The hotel. Dated, dated, dated. Lobby, common areas and elevators of the last century. The corridors are low high, not recommended for those who have more than 1.80 tall. The elevators 3, only two working. Worse, the distance from the elevator to the room, far, far away. To get to the room 506 (superior room ), I had to walk through 5 corridors.  Bedroom. The room had a small docking station for iphone ipad, but only…",Date of stay: August 2016,1.0
1612,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1615-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Decent hotel, poor customer service, good location","We chose this hotel due to its proximity to Paddington Station. The rooms were fine, a bit dark, but clean with reasonable space.   My larger complaint relates to the lack of communication of the hotel staff. Several months before our trip, I had reached out with questions about the Dinner Bed Breakfast rooms that we'd booked. Initially, the concierge responded that they would follow up with an answer to my question, but when I did not receive a response weeks later, I followed up on my end, never to receive a response.   However, the primary reason for my issue is that when my flight from the night before was canceled, I'd emailed the hotel at their reservations.paddington email address to try to cancel/modify my rooms due to my trip being delayed by a day. I'd tried to call,…",Date of stay: July 2016,2.0
1613,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1615-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Rod and Sandy,"Great Hotel, great location, great rooms and best of all great staff. Congratulations Hilton Paddington 10 out of 10. Terrific location to everything London has to offer, with station just next door. Will not hesitate to recommend. ",Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
1614,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1615-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Disappointed 3rd  time round,"We travelled from Devon with our 4 year old grandson and when we arrived it was too early to check in but when we came back to check in at 3pm our room still wasn't ready told to wait another 10 mins still wasn't ready with a 4 year old running round who had been on a train for 4 hours with lots of energy this was not good,after another 10 mins still not ready my hubby went to enquire and because of this delay we were upgraded to a queen suite 2 bedroom 2 bathroom really nice rooms need a bit of tlc in the 2nd bedroom there were marks above the bed looked a bit like blood to me but as we were only here for less than 24 hours didn't let it bother me too much.This was my 3rd time here and was very disappointed at check in,I had paid for the hotel in March but was asked for my…",Date of stay: September 2016,3.0
1615,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1620-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Birthday treat,"Just returned from a lovely weekend in London. Stayed at the Hilton in Paddington. Room upgraded with executive club lounge access. Busy hotel but found everything to our satisfaction. Only thing was the bed and pillows were quite hard, but after a long day walking and visiting the attractions we slept well. Would recommend as right on Paddington station so central to all the trains.",Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
1616,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1620-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Excellent room, staff and location","We stayed here for just one night prior to a flight from Heathrow and so we didn't get chance to try all of the hotel's facilities, but from what we did experience, our stay on that occasion was virtually faultless. The member of reception staff that greeted us was extremely friendly and helpful and, as well as offering as an upgrade to one of the new GWR tower rooms, took the time to show us round some of the hotel facilities.  The food available in the executive lounge was exactly what we were looking for for an evening snack and then a light breakfast prior to going to take our flight, and we had a quiet, comfortable stay.  If we had one suggestion on how to improve the experience, it would be to offer service in the executive lounges until slightly later in the evening…",Date of stay: September 2016,5.0
1617,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1620-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Hilton Paddington,"Perfect if you're on foot as it is just next to Paddington Station.  However, if you have a car, you may want to consider something else as the closest carpark is over 10min walk away.  The hotel does have a very cheerful doorman who's genuinely happy to greet guests.",Date of stay: September 2016,3.0
1618,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1620-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,CONVENIENT LOCATION,Very handy location for the Heathrow Express to the airport so a good alternative to spending a night at a soulless airport hotel. The rooms are small but comfortable and well-appointed. The old GWR decor has been retained and adds to the ambience.,Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
1619,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1620-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,GWR room was very good,"2 sides to this hotel: GWR and the old Hilton. GWR is specious and quiet with very good executive lounge that is not crowded. The old part is a bit run down and the contrast is visible.  Front desk and concierge staff is excellent and they deserve 5 solid stars. They were very helpful and attentive - thank you. Issues: wait staff in restaurant and the lounge ""half-listing."" Either failed to bring a dish or brought a wrong one. But that's a minor issue.  Overall, very good experience. Not an exciting neighborhood but it's a train station with direct/express connection to the airport.",Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
1620,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1625-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great Location,"Nice, clean, solid hotel.  Great location convenient to the Underground, train station, and Heathrow Express.  The food in the restaurant and the bar was good and prices were reasonable.  The hotel could use some updating of decor but is well kept up.  We would stay there again.",Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
1621,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1625-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Just okay - at a huge price.,"Service is mediocre, rooms are tiny and old, no AC, bad views in most rooms, terrible restaurants/bar area, over priced for both food and rooms.  There are hundreds of places to stay near Paddington - it still takes 5 minutes plus to walk to the hotel - and others are in that same range.  The neighborhood is a little dodgy - so many other areas of London nicer to stay in (and well worth the 5 or 10 minutes on the tube to catch the Heathrow Express).  They completely rely on the Heathrow Express to bring them business - and don't seem to 'try' anymore to provide a good customer experience.  Also - note the Heathrow Express can be up to 60 GBP round trip (depending on when you book and time of day)!  I took the tube from Heathrow and it does take 45 minutes (compared to 15) - but…",Date of stay: September 2016,3.0
1622,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1625-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Hilton London Paddington's GWR Tower offered a lovely oasis,"Great newly refurbished room in an art deco style. Huge loft style windows that let in loads of natural light. A comfortable king bed. Nice walk-in closet and well appointed bathroom. It is a bit of a hike to connect to the GWR Tower lifts but we got used to the walk and elevator transfer.  The executive lounge exclusively for GWR Tower guests (other Hilton guests use a different lounge) provided a good selection of newspapers, a great breakfast, afternoon treats, and an impressive bar every evening. Bottled water was much appreciated as well. Didn't make use of the computer terminals available but there are two if I recall correctly.  The location of this hotel relative to the Heathrow Express cannot be beat.  I have never had a more convenient transit from the airport to my…",Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
1623,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1625-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Strategically Located Hotel that Needs Refurbishment,"Stayed 2 times in the past 1 month in this hotel because of its strategic location that enabled me to make more business meetings on a short visit to town. Check in is fast and efficient. Room size by London standards is very good and rather quiet for the busy location.   The downside: Lobby is dark and gloomy, hotel needs refurbishment. It is well maintained but old is old. Breakfast is sufficient but not spectacular. Except for a Filipino lady attendant who is kind and attentive to restaurant guests, the rest are behaving cold and weird.  Hotel is good for business travelers who need to pack as many meetings as possible in a day or two and leave without facing the usual London traffic.",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
1624,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1625-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Wonderful service,Thank you for looking after me so well at short notice after I was bumped out of my pre-booked room at The Metropole (not Hiltons fault). My upgraded room which allowed me to check in straight away without delay made the inconvenience much less of a hassle.  ,Date of stay: September 2016,5.0
1625,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1630-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Poor buffet lunch!,I visit here fairly regularly and it's usually of high standard. On this occasion I tried the buffet style Indian lunch. My mistake was I didn't look at what was available. Sadly there was only one meat dish (and I question that this was an Indian dish!) so the range was poor unless you're a vegetarian! They did take back my partially filled plate when I moved to the a la carte but service was a bit iffy too with waiters and manager exchanging their problems in earshot of guests - all a bit odd!,Date of stay: August 2016,3.0
1626,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1630-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Aging hotel with much improvements needed,An international brand being weighted down by it aging facilities and (not so) state of art equipments. Much improvements are needed to bring it up to it famed international image. Personal security is an area which require close scrutiny coping with today's various treats.,Date of stay: September 2016,3.0
1627,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1630-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Stop off for food, drink and wifi","With no trains running from London Paddington due to an incident, I decided to make my way over to the lounge of the Hilton and work for a few hours. I used to use the facility regularly a few years back, but things have changed since then. I found somewhere to sit, but it took over 15 minutes for someone to take my order. I just found the whole service during my two hour stay uncoordinated and slow, which is a shame as it’s clearly still a popular place for people to meet and conduct business. Next time, I think I’ll take a walk along the canal to one of the restaurants there.",Date of stay: September 2016,3.0
1628,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1630-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Third time! .. room for improvement,"This is our third stay here. Choose this hotel each time because of its connectivity to the airport from Paddington Train Station.  Twice before was lovely this time I would be choosy to use the only the word ""Good"" unlike previous two times where I had rated it ""Excellent""  The breakfast, the food remains good but somehow felt the service had taken a bit of back step. This time arrived from the train station side and a result no one to pick up the luggage, had to push them up to the room on our own. The front (street) side entrance has been different twice before someone immediately attends the luggage- no such attention if one enters from the station side.  Elevators this time were taking ages to come specially in the morning rush hour. Almost on every floor could see guests…",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
1629,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1630-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great Location,"Great location for access to the City and the Heathrow Express.  Primarily a business hotel but also great for travelers trying to make an early morning flight from Heathrow.  bit pricy, but the location and service make up for it.",Date of stay: September 2016,5.0
1630,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1635-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Convenient Location,Arrived early - check-in not available. Left for a few hours. Rooms still not ready. Clerk did allow access to executive lounge while waiting as we had been awake for 24 hours by that time.  Rooms were somewhat dark but were clean. Bathroom large and spotless. Room service breakfast was prompt plentiful. Extremelyconvenient to Paddington Station. Would stay there again.,Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
1631,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1635-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great location,"In the train station, you can't get better location the that!! Large rooms with good bathrooms. Breakfast was good, and staff are helpful. The only thing I would say is the beds are rather well used, not that they are not clean but in the sense that they grooves in them from where people have slept which makes mine at least a touch uncomfortable. But not so uncomfortable that I wouldn't stay here again ",Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
1632,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1635-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Hilton ""Not So Grand"" anymore","Have stayed at this hotel many times in the last few years, have always been happy, however this visit after climbing St Pauls Cathedral steps we was looking forward to a bath to soak our aching legs before going out to see a show. Was not expecting Luke warm water it took several attemps over an hour ringing reception for a reply. maintainance called 20mins later said something about a valve and he check to see if they had one in storeroom ""neverseenagain"" wife and i had cold bath. On our way out spoke to reception who said the hotel had a problem with the boiler and our water would be hot when we arrive back after the show which it was. Hilton still took the full payment of £344.00 for the weekend. shameful really. No customer satisfaction this visit but nobody cares which is…",Date of stay: September 2016,2.0
1633,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1635-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Heathrow Leg,I stayed here to use Heathrow express on my flight out to Africa in july. It was simply amazing. Rooms were clean and staffs were very friendly. The service was immaculate in my perspective and I will be back again at some point in the future,Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
1634,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1635-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Well worth staying here,"As you expect from a Hilton  comfort, cleanliness and good service from check in to room service to the Brasserie. Couldn't be in a better location being directly opposite Paddington Underground. Definitely stay here.",Date of stay: September 2016,5.0
1635,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1640-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Quick stop over. ,The Hilton at Paddington is in a fab location. You get off the train and there it is. You don't even have to leave the station. After 5 hours on the train from Cornwall it was perfect. You can get to Heathrow in 15 mins from there too. Rooms are clean and are an ok size. Breaky is reasonable and there is lots of food. It's not cheap but nothing in London is. ,Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
1636,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1640-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"First time at this hotel, very good","We stayed here for the first time as we needed to be in the Paddington area.  The hotel is very good.  Only thing not good was the checking in.  Staff rude and not helpful, otherwise we found it excellent. We had a terrace room and could look down on Praed Street and see all that was going on.",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
1637,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1640-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Very worn looking these days with smelly rooms and horrendously uncomfortable beds,This hotel has gradually being going down the toilet for some years now.  It used to be excellent and our favourite choice in London to stay at and if you read my earlier reviews you will read nothing but excellent comments.  On this stay the room itself was nice (529 I believe it was) and had been renovated but the bed was horrendous and I mean horrendous for both myself and my sister. I swear we would have had a better night's sleep sleeping on the darn floor.  It was rock hard and we both had to take an Advil the next morning because we hurt so much.  I barely slept and we were up before 5 a.m.  The towels are dingy and rough to use.  There was one tiny bar of soap and that was it so if you wanted to use it while bathing you had to remember to take it from the sink.  For two…,Date of stay: September 2016,3.0
1638,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1640-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,All right,"One night stay for business.  Booked four rooms at the same time. Had to check in and pay deposit one by one, even though they were all on the same company and credit card. Not very efficient. Same procedure for checkout.  Otherwise nothing wrong with the rooms. Basic but all right. ",Date of stay: September 2016,3.0
1639,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1640-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Just a drink but ££,Ok it's the Hilton in Central London.  But....I had the cheapest 250ml glass of red wine at £7.75. I could get that. But my wife's hot chocolate almost £6;really??  So with the 'discretionary service charge of 10% the bill was effectively £15 given we left the few pennies change.   Service was extremely average given the bar wasn't exactly humming.   Don't think I'll do that again. ,Date of stay: September 2016,3.0
1640,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1645-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Location good, basic room",Location very good right at Paddington station so if u catch the express train from the airport perfect. Room I found dated n basic same with the other areas although the bar looked good. No real view apart from over the train station roof. One thing from a top brand hotel no umbrellas in the room n when u ask at the front desk at say 10 in the morning guess what there all gone. With the weather in London can't believe a Hilton would not have enough umbrellas.,Date of stay: June 2016,3.0
1641,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1645-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Best location,"The hotel is quite literally attached to Paddington station , making it great for travel. Especially if Heathrow is your airport  The Buffett is excellent , full of choices , rooms are bigger than similar hotels in London  Very close to Edgeware road ",Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
1642,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1645-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Very nice hotel,"Stayed over the bank holiday Sunday till Monday,with family,  my grandsons 13th birthday. They left a birthday cake in his room which was a very nice touch. Was pleased with our rooms my daughters were upgraded. I have stayed here before and is a very nice hotel really nice rooms very spacious. There is building work close by so access limited at the moment but it didn't worry us. There was no building noise though. Overall very nice stay would come back.",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
1643,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1645-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,A great location for almost everything,"I have stayed twice in this hotel, both were on August , a very busy season but the service was very good. The location is excellent, you will need to walk few steps to the underground, train, taxis....I will always make sure to book again for future visit...the thing that needs Tobe improved is the breakfast which was not that great I wish that varieties to be added.",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
1644,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1645-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Efficient way to experience London,"I love the convenience of this Hilton and being a gold member I like the added perks.  The only complaint I have is my room had no view--it faced the back, but I was not in the room for a long time. I was out exploring London. The bathroom, tea maker, bed, desk, Internet all were fine. And the breakfast buffet is huge!!  ",Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
1645,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1650-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,No working business center--or WiFi!,"Don't stay here if you need access to a business center or reliable WiFi. The business center was closed all three days I stayed here, and the Internet service dropped out every 10 minutes or so, making a simple task like checking email an ordeal.",Date of stay: August 2016,2.0
1646,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1650-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,terrible for a luxury hotel,"In general, rooms were untidied and the housekeeping didn't do their jobs for a whole day. We left in the morning, came back in the afternoon to find the room untouched. We then requested housekeeping at 7 came back at 10 to find the room still unattended. The staffs used ""busy"" and ""miscommunication"" as excuses which, in my opinion, are invalid. The room gives off an uncomfortable atmosphere and the bathroom looks like a murder spot. Unworthy of a 4.5 rating in my opinion.",Date of stay: August 2016,1.0
1647,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1650-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Overnight in London,Nice hotel in a  great location. Spacious rooms and comfortable beds.  Convenient location next to Paddington train station. Easy walk to Oxford street shopping. Good breakfast in the executive lounge.  Would recommend this hotel.,Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
1648,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1650-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great Hotel,"Stayed here for a couple of nights while in transit.  Chosen primarily because it was attached to the station, so very convenient for arrival/departure.  Surprisingly, rooms for London were larger than expected.  Standard hotel decor, clean and tidy.  I thought that being attached to the station it would be so noisy as our room overlooked the concourse.  Very quiet!  Good breakfast too.  One negative - because I book through a third party, we did not have free wi-fi in our room.  Given that wi-fi is now such an essential part of life, I think this is bad patter.  It would cost the Hotel nothing at all to provide this service.  The charge of £15 for 24 hours was way, way too steep.  Another way for Hotel chains to get a bit more cash from their customers .... ",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
1649,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1650-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Hilton Grand Paddington London was great,"We stayed overnight for a social trip to London. If arriving / leaving from Paddington station this is the best option for ease and helpfulness. The staff were brilliant, the Tower room was fabulous and the Exec lounge was a great addition. The extra entrance from the station concourse and the left luggage service were a great help for travelling. Extra pillows, replacement toothpaste , nothing was too much trouble!",Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
1650,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1655-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Hilton Towers are worth it,Tower rooms are a great option in train station. Great for a trip and train to Heathrow.  The rooms are well appointed and the Towers lounge has great selections of food and wine.  Checkin process is a little slow,Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
1651,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1655-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Nice, clean, central","Stayed here on business in August 2016. This hotel is ideally located if you want to be near Paddington Station - it literally opposite the tube station and around the corner from the train station.  The room was comfortable and clean. I had no complaints of the accommodation. My only criticism of the hotel would be that the bar was quite sterile and lacked any atmosphere whatsoever. That is the only reason this place didn't receive 5 stars, so if a bar isn't important to you, there is nothing to worry about.  Highly recommended.",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
1652,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1655-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Unfriendly service ,"The best thing about the hotel is its location and the size of the rooms, other than that it is not worth the price. The toilet wasn't working properly. Maintenance came to ""fix"" it but did nothing about it. The plugs in the room dos not work. The breakfast was just okay. The concierge were not very helpful. They gave me wrong directions to attractions and didn't understand where I wanted to go in the countryside. They kept asking why I wanted to go there as if it was their business. Paddington station is adjacent to the hotel which is perfect for those traveling on the heathrow express. The tube is directly across the street from the hotel entrance. The front desk staff seemed unaware of agency bookings and wanted to charge me again for my room after I had prepaid it. Oh and…",Date of stay: August 2016,2.0
1653,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1655-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Weekend break,"Just stayed one night and the room was immaculate . The only thing was the kettle plug was not working ,rang reception and they said someone would come but no-one did .We had to plug it in somewhere else so bit of a pain .Also no instructions how to work lights and had to ring reception again only to be told to put card in !!!",Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
1654,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1655-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Convenient But Pricey,"Allocated room 209 after online check in.  It was difficult to find entrance after arriving by train, they do need to improve the signage whilst station building work is being undertaken.   Quick and efficient collection of room key. The room overlooked the front of the hotel and was spacious with a large mini bar and small area for personal use. I stayed to attend a football match and because I used the train, from that point of view this was the perfect location. There was no noise overnight either from inside or outside the hotel.  On returning from the football, called into the bar to buy a drink and was told ""we are closing in 10 minutes"". I still fail to understand why that was said as I wanted a drink to take up to my room.   Had breakfast around 8am, plenty of seating…",Date of stay: August 2016,3.0
1655,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1660-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Regular visitor to this hotel,"This is the hotel of my choice when staying in London.  I started using this hotel back in 2015 and stay on a regular basis.  I would struggle to find negatives and therefore I am just going to list the positives: - Location is great.  Easy walk to Hyde Park, Marble Arch, Oxford Street - Service is very professional - Rooms are excellent.  The GWR Tower is more modern but I like both.  I do tend to stay in executive rooms in the main hotel as the rooms are larger - Food is good  Only advice is to book early as the hotel does get really busy",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
1656,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1660-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,all are Excellent,"one night i passed on Hilton Hotel. amazing service , next time i will go again.there are many awsome service. i like there service , no one can leave negetive comments against them.my wife also feel happy .",Date of stay: March 2016,5.0
1657,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1660-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Perfect,"This is our favorite hotel in London.  It is so convenient to use publuc transportation and anything you could need is either in the hotel or downstairs in the train station. The restaurant is good, rooms are normal size but very clean and comfortable.",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
1658,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1660-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Lovely and convenient ,"We were looking as a family for an overnight stay in London as going to Madame Tussaud's- picked the Hilton Paddington and haven't regretted it one bit... Super convenient Lovely Atmosphere , large room With comfortable beds, the most Enormous breakfast with everything and more you could Imagine to want to Eat (they had fried rice and a Chinese menu for breakfast!!) great price for four of us staying in London   The only negative would be the wifi (albeit free) was very patchy in our room but that might just have been where we were but didn't really spoil our experience as not really in the hotel much! ",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
1659,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1660-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Great location, but not a memorable stay...","My Wife and I stayed at the Hilton Paddington for an overnight visit last weekend.  We had a standard Double room, which was basic and below my expectations. The facilities in the room are dated, the TV looks about 10 years old and lacks and real connectivity or functionality compared to other similar hotels. The shower cycled between hot and cold, making it unpleasant to use and the toilet flush broke meaning that we had to fill a container to flush it (it wasn't worth being moved for the short time we were there).  There was a VERY distinct smell of smoke in the corridor leading to our room and the floor was significantly damaged in several places.  We were unable to locate any stairs, even after asking a staff member and the elevator took a long time to arrive, even though…",Date of stay: August 2016,3.0
1660,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1665-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great Heathrow Connector,"Great hotel if you need quick access to Heathrow from Paddington or need to take a train to Wales, etc.  The hotel is connected to the train station, so if you have older or very young travelers, its great.  Literally, just steps away.  Not so great if you want to walk to all the tourist attractions.  I would choose something closer to Victoria Station or nearer in to town.  Air conditioning in London is always incredibly different from the U.S.  If it is summer, you might want to try another hotel in the Hilton chain with better AC.  AC here is minimal at best.",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
1661,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1665-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Very good location, great rooms and very kind staff.","The hotel is perfect located just across the street of Paddinfton underground. I took the Heatrhow Express and got to the hotel in 15 minutes cause it is connected to Paddington train station. Breakfast was very good, lots of choices. Staff was very helpul and very friendly.  Rooms very clean and spacious.",Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
1662,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1665-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Brilliant Hotel,We stayed here on a weekend break with a coach Co. What a lovely hotel. The staff were efficient and the rooms beautiful and clean. Free tea and coffee and air conditioned rooms. The breakfasts were superb. Anything you can think if they have. Paddington Underground station right opposite and taxis right outside hotel. Would definitely stop here again.,Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
1663,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1665-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Excellent location,"This is my preferred hotel when travelling by train  to London and arriving at Paddington station, off the platform and up the escalator into the hotel. Staff always helpful, rooms clean and a decent size. Not thrilled with the restaurant mainly because there are no windows. Buses outside to Oxford street and beyond, just so convenient.",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
1664,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1665-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Pretty G,"Stayed at this hotel for a business trip.  In terms of transportation it's pretty convenient; it is connected to the Paddington train station (where you can catch the Heathrow Express) and directly across the street from the Paddington Underground station.  Both stations are connected by an underground tunnel as well.  It's a little far from the heart of central London but not to far.  There are plenty of restaurants and shops nearby.  I booked an executive room and was upgraded to a junior suite which consisted of a rather large room with a desk, king size bed, dresser and small sitting area with two chairs and an end table.  A sizable closet and larger than expected mini bar were also par of this room.  The bathroom had a shower and a separate bathtub/shower.  There was also…",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
1665,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1670-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Convenient, kind staff, great rooms, and the exec lounge is fantastic","I am so glad we stayed here.  We took the Heathrow Express and it goes straight to Paddington station.  We exited, headed up the escalators, and we were in the hotel.  SO EASY!  I would stay here again just for the convenience factor.  I am a Hilton Diamond so I got the exec lounge and it was great.  Happy hour is 6-8 and the food was not typical hotel food it was good.  breakfast was robust and the staff was very kind there were several people we saw in there who knew the staff by name and gave hugs upon leaving.  The rooms are clean and spacious.  You really cannot ask for more.  Oh, I forgot something in the room so I emailed the general hotel email and received a response within a matter of hours.  We will be back!",Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
1666,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1670-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Convenient and good value,"The best is the location, it actually sits in the station, but you can't feel it. Olf lounge in the ground floor needs renovation and last time I was there the scramble eggs were made of powder eggs. Besides that rooms are spacious and great equipped. Best are the rooms in the tower. I would return since offer good value for the money.",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
1667,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1670-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Very professional,I had a business lunch at this hotel and it was extremely good. The food was wonderful and the service very good. The front of house staff were all very polite. Altogether an enjoyable experience. How the staff coped with various requests was a pleasure to behold. Well done all round.,Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
1668,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1670-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Never fails,"I like this hotel a lot. For me it's in a really convenient location in terms of travel which is an obvious plus. The service this time was poor though, check in was a bit of a disaster and a lot of hanging around.  Rooms are spacious for London and always clean and well presented.  Quiet rooms. Reasonable prices. ",Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
1669,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1670-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Amazing,"The most of our london holidays we enjoyed this hotel. Breakfast was so fresh and tasty. However toooo long queue fir omelettes... rooms were vkean and tidy, no complaints. Service was great. Wish to come back....",Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
1670,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1675-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Convenient,"We've stayed here twice because it is so easy to hop the Heathrow Express.  You pay for the location, but it is a very good hotel, good staff and as good as it gets in Paddington area.  Will go back next year.",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
1671,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1675-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Convenient location, decent conference facilities, clean, with rock hard bed","Stayed here for a week in June for a work conference.  The room was a nice size compared to other European Hotel rooms I've stayed at.  There was a coffee maker, minibar (exorbitant prices of course), and a safe.  My biggest complaint about the room was the bed.  It was ROCK hard with a lump in the very middle.  I think they had tried to shove two twins together or something.  Other than the bed situation, the room was adequate.  A lot of my coworkers complained about the bed as well.  Other than that, the conference facilities were nice.  I spent a lot of time in the conference facilities during the week.  It was a convenient location to fly, take the train to the station and hold a conference for a large group.  I enjoyed my time here.  Giving 3 stars mainly because of the…",Date of stay: June 2016,3.0
1672,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1675-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Worst Customer Service EVER experienced at a Hilton! Shame on the Hilton name!,"I'm sorry to even give this hotel a 1 star. I wish there were negative stars, because I would choose a -5. My party of 7 stayed here for one night on July 30, 2016. The rooms were booked by our travel agent for 2 doubles and a family room. From the moment we arrived in the lobby, to the appointed rooms, to the rude concierge, to the treatment we received at the front desk by more than one ""manager"" was a disgrace. Our rooms were on the first floor and the family room only had one bed. We were told that a cot would be delivered later. The description online of the family room was NOT correct. The concierge was the rudest man I've ever met. Not only did he give us incorrect information regarding the ""bus"" experience, but he convinced us to buy bus passes and a package deal for the…",Date of stay: July 2016,1.0
1673,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1675-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Another Terrific Experience,"I stayed in one of the GWR Tower rooms last night and it was terrific.  The station remodel is a bit of a downer, but the Bakerloo line is up and running from Paddington again so this hotel is super convenient to/from the airport and all points in between.  What makes this hotel a 5-Star is the staff - especially Grazia at reception.  She is simply the best.  Thanks Paddington Hilton for another wonderful stay.",Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
1674,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1675-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Very convenient location,Can't fault the very easy access from inside Paddington train station & Praed Street entrance to Paddington tube station right opposite main entrance. The concierge and reception teams are always very helpful and welcoming. ,Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
1675,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1680-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Slow service and no free WiFi ,Room was booked online. I didn't have free Internet as I booked from Expedia. Never been to a hotel that charges for Internet. The place hasn't been renovated clearly since the 70's. We booked a room for a meeting and we're searching for someone to open the room for us.  Convenient for its location but wouldn't recommend for business.,Date of stay: August 2016,2.0
1676,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1680-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Very Convenient and Posh,"We looked for a hotel that would be close to the railway stations at Paddington (for the Heathrow Express), Kings Cross St. Pancras and Marylebone as we needed to travel to a few destinations outside the city. We also needed to be very close to a tube (underground) station so we could get to other venues. Our schedule favored a hotel as close to Paddington as possible and as the Hilton Paddington met all of the other requirements, we stayed there.  The hotel is wonderful. We are Hilton Honors members and we received an upgrade to the Executive level. The room was spacious, very clean with a wall of windows that let in lots of light and could actually be opened a little. There was a couch, chairs, a desk, large screen tv, refrigerator and a safe. A surprise was a walk-in closet!…",Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
1677,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1680-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Lunchtime meeting ,"Very convenient for a business meeting, it has a few places including the Steam bar that are perfect for either just tea/coffee or lunch, typical Hilton menu, food is ok but expensive. The biggest bonus is that it is right next to Paddington station which everyone can get to relatively easily. ",Date of stay: August 2016,3.0
1678,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1680-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,My stay ,"Very nice hotel ""large room in London"" very friendly staff and the location is great  Around 10 min walk to hyde park and 15 min to oxford street.  There is Mac, burger king and Starbucks connected to the hotel lobby.   Highly Recommended definitely I'll book it if I'll visit London  ",Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
1679,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1680-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Rocky start but ended up a pleasurable stay,"I booked a queen suite so that my children had their own bedroom and was very disappointed with the room we were allocated as it was too small and didn't have the second sleeping area described on the website. I went to complain at reception, feeling rather miffed but was very pleasantly surprised to find the reception staff so helpful when they moved me and my family to a far superior room. The 2 night stay was excellent after the initial blip, and being right in Paddington station is a big bonus. Our room was large, comfortable, and included everything we needed and more. The brasserie was good for our evening meal and breakfast was excellent too. ",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
1680,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1685-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Perfect base to explore London.,"I can't say enough good things about this hotel.  They were very accommodating and tolerated the children beautifully.  The room we had was quite spacious, it was thoroughly cleaned early each day, and we felt at home during the week we were there.  The convenience of being attached to Paddington station, both for the underground and the rail services, can not be stressed enough!",Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
1681,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1685-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,The long walk,"Nice hotel , we stayed in a tower room which is a bit of a hike to get there up to second floor then change after a walk to next lift then up to your floor !! Once there nice rooms not out of this world but nice, good breakfast and service good we there one night but I think more nights the getting to the. Room would have become a pain.",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
1682,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1685-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Overall experience excellent,"This my second family stay. Staff very friendly and having the advantage of knowing the staff makes you feel like at home. Receptionists were efficient with quick check in and out processes. Execitive loung staff were as last year briliant, always see a smile on their faces. Conceirge staff were supportive and gave helpfull information once needed.",Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
1683,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1685-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Best near paddington,"Quite big and nice hotel in the very close to Paddington station. Ideal for travelling from Heathrow - so directly from airport taking a train and you're in the hotel. The hotel building is just few meters from exit - so you don't even need to cross the road. Rooms are nice and clean so all nearby hotels have quite small rooms. Breakfast is really good as there is a big selection of all kinds of food, fruits, cheese, porridge, english breakfast and pastry.",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
1684,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1685-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Victorian Grandeur,"Stayed at the Hilton, Paddington for one night only (Sunday 7th Aug) on an organised coach tour.  Extremely convenient if you are using Paddington station as, originally, it was the station hotel. A great ambience and strong echoes of its Victorian grandeur.  The entrance hall is very impressive.  Our room (No. 106) was so spacious that I measured it roughly.  The bedroom was 22ft by 15ft with a 10ft high ceiling.  The twin beds were large and comfortable and, although we were on the first floor and overlooking the main road, it was comparatively quiet (remember this is London).  Also generous tea/coffee making facilities. The bathroom was also very spacious (8ft by 10ft) with a bath/shower and a separate shower cubicle.  Could not have wished for more. Our breakfast was very…",Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
1685,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1690-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,It's getting worse; the older rooms need a face-lift,"Based on my original review in Jan 2013 and numerous visits to this location since then, nothing much has changed. However, they've opened up some newer rooms in what's called the GWR Tower. This stay, however, I was in one of the older rooms and it wasn't pretty.  I've stayed here many times because of its location at Paddington Station and it's the only stop for the Heathrow Express from LHR. However, no matter how much I like this location, it's time to leave this hotel behind. The older rooms are just getting older with minimal upkeep and management leaves a lot be desired. Maybe after they change management it might get better?? My email to the GM in Dec 2014 went unanswered. That pretty much tells me what I need to know given that not much has changed over time.  This…",Date of stay: July 2016,2.0
1686,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1690-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Terrible towels and poor food in Exec lounge,"We choose this Hilton hotel as it is listed as a category 8 and in central London.    We were given a renovated room which is very good.   The new decoration is pleasant and peaceful.    The hotel is an old building next to the Paddington station which is very handy for rail travel and underground.     However two striking complaints about this property.   The bathroom towels are completely worn out, cardboard like, sand paper feel towels. They are terrible.  The hotel management and housekeeping manager should be ashamed but they are not.  We asked several times in attempt to have them changed, but that is there supply. They renovated the property, it is nice, but they insist on using old worn out towels that should be in the bin.  This is really depressing for travellers. …",Date of stay: July 2016,2.0
1687,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1690-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Tower is nice but hotel is dated,"I normally stay here on business for ease of access to the airport and tube when staying in London.    I've had some very poor stays here but my recent stay in the new tower was pleasant.  Its a bit of a walk through the hotel to find the correct access and lifts but the rooms are nice and larger than average for London.  Staff while pleasant were not super efficient. As I was leaving I mentioned a lift being out of order and was told it had been that way for a while.  This would have been useful information earlier but hey ho.  Tried to call reception from my room on a number of occasions but gave up as no one was answering the phone.  All in all not bad, but not brilliant.",Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
1688,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1690-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Convenient location,I chose this hotel due to it being attached to Paddington Station. The Heathrow Express gets you there in 15 minutes and you never have to drag your luggage through the rain. The tube station is right across the street which made traveling to all the sights and easy process. We had a terrace room which was quite nice. Very spacious and the staff was polite and helpful. I would definitely stay here again.,Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
1689,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1690-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,You Don't Always Get What You Want,"We had two stays at this hotel for a total of 7 nights. We chose Hilton Paddington because of its convenience to Paddington Station & our need to use the GWR for our travels. For our first stay overnight we chose an executive room with access to a private lounge on the ground floor. Our room was small but adequate for overnight & access to a lounge serving afternoon tea & drinks with snacks in the evening was perfect. Our second stay of 6 nights did not start or end well. We booked an executive 1 bedroom apartment in the tower with access to a lounge on the 7th floor which was confirmed by Hilton back in September 2015. On arrival we were told our preference was not available & the alternative offer was not acceptable to us. After 20 minutes of argument with the reception desk,…",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
1690,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1695-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Excellent stay!,"I stayed here for 1 night and from check-in to check-out the service was impeccable. With my Hilton Diamond status I was upgraded to a suite which is always appreciated. The suite was large, comfortable and clean. Excellent stay, would highly recommend and return!",Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
1691,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1695-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,EXECUTIVE TERRACE SUITE A HAVEN OF PEACE AND TRANQUILLITY IN CENTRAL LONDON,Having bad legs and difficulty in walking my arrival was expertly handled by Rakesh Singh The Duty Hotel Manager and his helper JAMAL who immediately I was spotted crossing the concourse at Paddington Station rushed over to relieve me of ALL THREE BAGS . I was efficiently checked in at the Duty Managers Desk and within minutes being whisked up to The Executive Terrace Suite on the sixth floor. On arrival at the sixth floor suite it was so noticeable that is was SO QUIET for a Central London location even with the Terrace Doors open. Prompt room service and housekeeping for any extra items. Good presentations in Executive Lounge and kept clean and tidy by staff constantly refilling and replacing used items. Great hotel team giving most welcoming feeling . Highly recommended both…,Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
1692,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1695-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Excellent locale and convenience,"Nothing beats the location!!! Walking distance to the tube, Hyde Park/Kensington Gardens.  The room was nice (though our view unenviable -- overlooking the roof of Paddington Station).  The staff was friendly and had excellent dining recommendations -- ASK Italian, Maximini Chinese Restaurant, The Mughal's Indian Restaurant.",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
1693,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1695-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,£5.94 for an Espresso!!,"I understand hotels are expensive, I work in the industry myself but this is pushing the boundaries. The most annoying thing was the quality of the coffee was quite poor with no creme on top and only just stronger that filter coffee. Also the cup was chipped and the upkeep of the surroundings was questionable.   It's fine to charge this price if the quality of the product, service and surroundings are upto par",Date of stay: August 2016,1.0
1694,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1695-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Average hotel without soul and personality.,"Picked this hotel because I've tried more or less all other decent hotels in Paddinton area during last the 20 years but never before the Hilton Paddington. Travelled togheter with my son on holiday and wanted a base close til Paddington station to easy access train for Legoland Windsor and Heathrow. Average hotel without soul and personality. Check-in was like bying a tube ticket, impersonal.  Rooms nice and clean as expected. With some tipping houskeeping became absolutely perfect. What really annoyed me was the automatic-minibar which I tend to call the ""dishonesty bar"". If you remove any items it will automaticaly be charged to your room bill. It's very rare I see these things nowadays. Last time was actually in Hilton Addis Ababa. Hiltons distrust in their customers got…",Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
1695,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1700-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Location from Heathrow can't be beat ,"Great stay in he lovely GWR Tower room. Overlooked the rail station roof, but no noise. This hotel is so convenient, too! Only minutes by nonstop rail to the airport. We had executive lounge access and were able to access our room (2610) early, which made for a great first stop after a long flight. Nice walk to Hyde Park.",Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
1696,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1700-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"A little worn, but you can't beat the convenience","This is my first choice whenever I'm staying in London. The hotel is very convenient, even more so than the ones located by Heathrow. To depart for the airport, you basically stumble out of bed, go down an elevator, then an escalator, and you're within sight of the ticket kiosks and platforms for the Heathrow Express. 15 minutes later, you're at Heathrow. Or if you want to take the tube to visit the city, after the first escalator, take a second one and you're on the CIrcle/District/Bakerloo lines. The immediate area surrounding the hotel has lots of restaurants, shops, etc. and is walking distance to the middle eastern section of the city with associated shops, hookah bars, etc. The train terminal itself contains some uninspired restaurants, cafes and a small grocer.  The hotel…",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
1697,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1700-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great Location,"The room was a bit pricey, but what isn't in London?  The room was a nice size--even with a bed brought in for our 11 year old.  The room was quiet, but we did not open the windows.  The bed was a bit firm, but the linens were nice.  The air conditioning worked and the room was a good temperature.  The restaurant was not the greatest for service--this has been mentioned before and it is true.  It took forever to get our drinks.  It is almost as if they took our order and then just never put it through.  Overall, I would recommend this hotel to a friend and would stay there again.",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
1698,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1700-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Picadilly circus !!!,"With over inflated prices, staff who forget your drinks and the station tannoy making conversation impossible this is more hiltOFF rather than hiltON !!! Not impressed..... Twice we had to ask where on earth our drinks were only to be met with shrugs",Date of stay: August 2016,1.0
1699,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1700-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,#Location,"Perfect location- probably is the most common reason travelers choose the hotel for their stays! It actually right above Paddington Station , so if you are traveling from Heathrow on the Heathrow Express you can easily walk into the hotel right from the station. It's great for a short stay, the rooms are quite spacious, although they do need renovation. The gym is tiny, but the concierge service is really great! Friendly staff, really cute lobby!",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
1700,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1705-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Fine hotel but little personal attention by staff,"At check-in I was twice overlooked even if I was standing AT the desk (I'm 6ft tall), I wasn't greeted as Hilton Honors guest.  I love that you can chose your own room on the floor plan via the Hilton app, which got me a much larger room than most others in the same category.  The room itself was quite nice, stylish Hilton, the bathroom a little dated and I don't like to shower in a bath tub as it's so narrow. The bed was bliss! Airconditioning also dated but working sufficiently well. Windows opened as well but there is some street noise.  Breakfast was just like in any other hotel, nothing special. Egg station didn't take orders which I found very annoying, I was told to order from my table, with not much time for breakfast I skipped this option, shame.  I would come back…",Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
1701,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1705-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,A lovely hotel with excellent facilities and breakfasts,"We had a great stay at this hotel - the room was spacious and clean  (we were upgraded to an executive suite), the breakfasts were outstanding and the building is beautiful. It is well located and the staff were efficient.",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
1702,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1705-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,No complaints ,"Nice weekend at London Paddington Hilton, great room in the towers, good breakfast as ever , location is okay, staff on reception were very good also, would stay again and would recommend to all, but go for the tower rooms if possible just to make sure ",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
1703,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1705-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Not overly friendly, didn't find it value for money","I actually tweeted and complained about this hotel and to be fair they since have got back to me and offered me an upgrade for my next stay (which will not happen) with a. Email of apology.   I found the reception greeting mediocre. Bar staff rude and the hotel dated.  I think for the price I had higher expectations and there are certainly better places to stay in London and this is the worst Hilton I have stayed in (I usually find them friendly)   Good stuff: Location very central and next door to the tube, train and Heathrow express  Bad stuff: Not value for money Dated  Average-poor service.  ",Date of stay: June 2016,3.0
1704,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1705-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Hilton Paddington is wonderful.,"Stayed at this hotel on a trip with my daughter and her friend.  We loved it.  Great location.  Right across the street from Paddington Station.  Very convenient location.  They recommended the Victoria Pub to eat.  Fabulous food and atmosphere.  We met the best bartender ever.  His name is Matt.  Very friendly and personable.  We visited London, Paris and Rome and the Victoria was my daughter's favorite memory.  Would definitely recommend this hotel and the Victoria.",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
1705,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1710-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,A Good Stay in London,"This area is all about location and convenience, and not a bad place to stay at all. I do not expect too much from large hotel chains as they are what they are; their size obviously prevents them from what smaller hotels can do, but I had no complaints during our stay and we enjoyed the luxury and services that were provided in the room. We did not experience any F&B but we were happy with our room, large and well appointed. Great location for the obvious road, rail and bus links. Buses 7 and 23 whisk you to Oxford Street within minutes. There are also a great selection of cafes and bars between the hotel and Hyde Park away from the main road which is not the best looking street in town! A walking distance to Hyde Park is great for our morning walking and jogging.",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
1706,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1710-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great location,"Everything was fine, great location. Walk out the back and you are in Paddington Station. Easy access to the Heathrow Express and to the Underground; main line for me was the Circle Line to Westminster and Victoria. Last night we were there, the weather in London was hot, A/C seemed weak, so they brought us a fan and cleaned the air filter, everything was good after that.",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
1707,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1710-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Fantastic location for Heathrow Express but not such a great experience.,"The rooms are a little tired and the entire hotel is heated to around 25 degrees which makes it stifling and does not help you have a good nights sleep. I arrived at 10.30am and got back to the hotel at 8.30pm but had to ask for my bags to be taken to the room, rather than the receptionist organising it. It's the small things that make a difference and for the room rate I would expect better service. If guests cannot check in early at least make it a little easier for them when they finally get their room key.",Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
1708,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1710-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Location, location","As a family of four, our options were limited in London. We settled on a room with two queen beds.  The best feature of this hotel is the proximity to the train station.  The Heathrow express took us 12 minutes.  We enjoyed the Exec Lounge for breakfast and evening snacks/drinks after touring around each day.  A few items prevented me from checking excellent: 1. the neighborhood around the train station is not as nice as other parts of London, which is always the case when it comes to train stations and the immediate area around them.  2.  The hallways were a little worn.  The room was great but it felt like the common areas needed some updating.  The lobby was beautiful!",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
1709,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1710-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,A good option for Paddington,"We stayed at the Hilton Paddington for a couple of nights on the tail end of a very active trip as we knew the final morning we could just roll our big, costume packed luggage right out of the hotel to the platform. For convenience to Paddington station and the Heathrow Express, the Hilton cannot be beaten. The room was spacious, clean and comfortable. There was construction going on at Paddington so it took a few minutes to figue out how to get in, but it's no big deal.  We were asked at check in which side we would prefer the room to face, station or street view, which are  great options to have. My husband replied that either view is fine, but if one room has a bathtub, we'd prefer that. The receptionist didn't understand ""bathtub"", but got cranky with us immediately, saying…",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
1710,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1715-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Good business hotel,Good business hotel located very close to paddington station. Rooms are clean and the staff is efficient and polite. Breakfast is also more the acceptable. Need to be booked in advance because it is normally very busy being so conveniently located.,Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
1711,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1715-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Handy to station - Breakfast disappointment,"Handy to Paddington Station (5 mins walk) which is handy for catching the Hethrow express.  We had paid for an inclusive breakfast and this was like a hectic production line of mass produced, over cooked food. The continent offerings were not much better - the berries were heavily soaked in juice and the strawberries tasted as though they were from a can. I took my own muesli and punnets of strawberries. Other than convenience of location, was a miss in my view",Date of stay: July 2016,2.0
1712,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1715-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Very Convenient Location,"I may have been rated the Hilton higher had I not been there with a very loud, party going on, taking over the entire main areas of the hotel. The good...connected to Paddington Station and Heathrow Express making a trip to LHR very convenient. Some of the employees were committed to great service others seemed to not know their job well and most seemed to be foreign. The bad was the noisy common areas and not very comfortable beds.  Stay here if getting to LHR is the priority    ",Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
1713,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1715-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Liking is not Loving,"I like this hotel because it is incredibly convenient, the staff were friendly and there was nothing wrong with it. I don't love the hotel because it feels more like an airport hotel and had nothing that made me say wow this is great.  The Hilton Paddington really has an amazing location. You are 15 mins away from LHR, you are on the GWR mainline, you are on the District, Hammersmith and Circle line tube trains, there are loads of buses and just a short walk away from Hyde Park and Oxford Street. The location really is amazing in terms of convenience.   The breakfast was good - with a pancake machine which kept my kid entertained. The food in the evening was also good. Didn't try the exec areas. Staff were all friendly and good, especially housekeeping and front of house.  Room…",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
1714,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1715-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Convenient for Paddington Station.,"The hotel is right at the station with a door leading directly to the platforms making it perfect for a quick getaway to the express train direct to Heathrow. Apart from that, the location has nothing going for it. Reception and staff were all good. The room was not large and had basic amenities. The weather was hot and humid and the A/C was not up to the job. At full blast it barely kept the room comfortable and also made a tremendous racket. To sleep, turning it down caused the room to heat up to an insufferable level. Apart from the A/C, the room would have been very pleasantly quiet.",Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
1715,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1720-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Very convenient! 15m from heathrow!,"Convenience is the main reason for staying at this hotel. It is only 15m away from heathrow via the heathrow express, direct access to paddington train station and you have all the conveniences to go along (lots of food choices, sainsbury's, Starbucks, pharmacy). Perfect for a day of sight seeing as there is tube access and Great Western railway access seconds away from the hotel!  I am a diamond member and the new GWR tower is amazing!  The rooms are brand new and the tower has its own Hhonors lounge (yes, this hotel has two lounges, one in each building), but it is a bit of a trek from the main lobby. The lounge in the main area of the hotel also has a shower which was perfect for me to use as my room wasn't available yet and I wanted to freshen up before a day of sight…",Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
1716,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1720-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Could be better,"Reserved the family room for 3 online.   2 dbl and 1 twin to accommodate  twenty something daughter and husband/myself.    The room shown online looked large (by London standards) and was looking forward to having some room to move around in. Checked in and was given ""free "" upgrade to have wifi - ?? what??  We are Hilton members and automatically get wifi…. went up to room  and it was smaller than what it looked like online…. then we noticed it was just a king size bed - no twin, no rollaway… only 2 coffee cups, 2 water glasses,enough towels for 2 - even though I specifically requested the family room for 3!   Went back down to reception and reported it - asked again if that was the family room as it certainly didn't look to be and she said yes, called housekeeping and said it…",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
1717,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1720-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Nice rooms and convenient to Paddington Station,"Well-appointed, fairly spacious, air-conditioned rooms. Extremely convenient to Paddington station and other central London attractions. A short walk from Hyde Park. Somewhat pricey, although that's probably because of the location. Good food from room service, although there is a £5 ""tray charge"".",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
1718,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1720-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Ideal Place,If you need a hotel close to the centre of the city and one that offers an easy commute the Hilton Paddington offers you the most ideal combination.  The rooms are a bit dated and the service could be a lot better but the location far outweigh these disadvantages. ,Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
1719,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1720-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great location right at station with nice rooms,"Four of us, my wife, two teen kids and myself were staying for 1 night only arrived from Indonesia and heading to Oxford on the next day.  We chose this hotel, before leaving our country, as it is situated very near to Paddington train station in accordance to Trip Advisor, and our next day trip will be taking train from the station. It turns out this hotel situated right at the Train Station. This station is also the route for Heathrow Express train from Heathrow airport to London. So, it was 5 minutes walk off the Heathrow Express train to the hotel lobby. We got a suite room with 2 bed rooms for 4 of us, and were quite happy to rest after long flight. The rooms are clean, high ceiling and quite spacious. It is quite straightforward and quick checking in and out the hotel.…",Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
1720,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1725-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Convenient Location ,"Convenient location by Paddington station, everything is a tube ride away and even extra convenient if you catching the Paddington express to Heathrow airport. Hotel service is ok I didn't feel like the stuff went an extra mile they just did what the had to do. The executive lounge has a good selection of drinks but the food is s bit mediocre. If you happen to stay over the weekend there is a really trendy mature nightclub downstairs .",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
1721,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1725-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Overnight stay after late flight,This Hilton is extremely convenient if you are flying into T2 or T3 where there are no onsite hotels; seconds from the Heathrow Express to the hotel's reception. Our check in was efficient but as a Diamond HH member I was disappointed there was no room upgrade particularly as the hotel didn't appear to be that busy.  Room was fine but too hot and it took a long time to reach a comfortable temperature for sleeping; perhaps some cooling should be left switched on in very hot weather??  Breakfast in the Executive Lounge had everything you need but very impersonal and lack of engagement by Lounge staff; this seems very unusual for Hiltons.  I think there are better Hiltons for a similar price point in London but would use Paddington for convenience when flying to/from Heathrow.  ,Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
1722,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1725-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,a short stay,"We were only in London for a few days and completely enjoyed our stay at the Paddington Hilton.  Nice rooms and a comfortable executive lounge. Very nicely located. Very close to Paddington station for the train to Heathrow. I don't get people that complain about not getting free wifi, join the HHonors program or a program available through the chain you usually stay with.",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
1723,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1725-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,A great hotel with great access to Padding Station,"We stayed overnight with family who were catching the Heathrow Express early the following morning.  The staff were very friendly and helpful arranging a cot for our grandson despite not having been booked in advance.  We ate in the hotel in the evening and the meal was good and once again the staff were friendly and efficient. The room was quiet and the air conditioning efficient.  There was a mini bar in the room, which we did not use, also tea and coffee making facilities.  Although we felt the room rate was expensive, this could be a good rate for the area and convenience of being so near Paddington Station.",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
1724,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1725-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,London stopover,"We arrived off a flight from Melbourne, and thanks to Heathrow Express, were at the hotel an hour later. 3pm. Room not ready! However, the reception lady did her best for us. We stayed 2 nights before stepping out of the hotel onto our train to Hereford. This hotel is so convenient for us. Heathrow. Hereford and the City via Tube, all within the hotel. The staff here are always helpful.",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
1725,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1730-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Few Days in London,Stayed in the Tower Rooms. The rooms were very spacious and clean. Long walk to reach the tower lift but worth the walk. Excellent access to undergroud subway and Paddington rail station between Heathrow!,Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
1726,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1730-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Fantastic location,Fantastic location-  directly connected to Paddington underground station with a Starbucks at the junction between the two.   Only 15 minutes on the Heathrow express to Heathrow airport. It's easy for Cabs and Uber to pull into a drive-way entry from the street right up to the hotel's front door. ,Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
1727,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1730-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,The convenience of this hotel was well worth it. The only hotel that is located where the heathrow express goes to.,The heathrow express runs directly from airport to this station. No need to deal with the weather arriving or departing from the airport. Also the underground is accessible with three lines under the hotel. And surprisingly you never hear any of the noise from the station. Rooms are very quiet. The only negative was air conditioning wasn't performing so well and it was 90 degrees for once in london,Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
1728,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1730-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Disappointed,"Recently stayed with my family. Had booked a number of rooms and was utterly disappointed with chargeable WIFI. Most if not all hotels in the developed and third world offer free WIFI but then you come to UK and get ripped off! Secondly TV didn't work initially and when it did, less than average number of channels was another disappointment. For the same price in the Middle East, Africa and Asia you'd get luxury suites and a thank you! Not good for Hilton brand to have such contrast.",Date of stay: July 2016,2.0
1729,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1730-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Convenient,Very convenient location especially for a short business trip via Heathrow. The room was very spacious and comfortable with plenty of natural light. The staff was accommodating and professional. In general a typical Hilton hotel offering no surprises.,Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
1730,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1735-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Customer Service Made a Priority,"After a clunky start, the Hilton Paddington went out of their way to make things right with us. They corrected the problems we had and made the rest of our visit enjoyable.  If you're thinking of traveling outside London at all while you visit, this is the perfect location. Having the Paddington Train Station connected to the hotel was very handy on the day trip we took to Bath. The only negative that seemed to plague us while we stayed was spotty wifi. There was an IT convention going on while we there that seemed to steal most of the signal. So, hopefully wifi signal is normally not a problem.",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
1731,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1735-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great room and great access to Heathrow Express,"We booked this hotel due to the proximity to Paddington Station, as we were arriving via Heathrow Express. It is a 2 minute walk from the platform. I decided to use HHonors points to upgrade us to 2 Tower Rooms, which I do not regret for a second. The room was one of the largest I have seen in London and very nicely decorated. A large bathroom contained a separate show stall as well as a nice-looking bath. There were LOTS of power points as well as a USB port near the desk. The layout of the room was also great and the location in a separate part of the hotel meant that it was very quiet. Internet speed was fast.  We did not use the Tower Lounge as much as we would have liked to, as we had theatre tickets so I cannot comment on the Happy Hour there. We ate breakfast in the…",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
1732,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1735-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Well worth a visit,"From check in to check out, we had a very comfortable stay.  Were able to leave our luggage with the concierge at beginning of visit and until we caught our train at the end of the visit. Check in was efficient and friendly. The guest rooms (we had a double and a twin) were both very clean, quiet, a very good size,well decorated and very comfortable. Had a full english breakfast in the brasserie which was really good, there was a continental style breakfast too and they even had a breakfast variation for chinese visitors.  There is a business centre on the first floor, great for printing off boarding passes. All the staff were polite and friendly especially the doormen. would definitely stay there again",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
1733,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1735-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Excellent Customer Care,"I had booked for 3 nights at this very conveniently located and efficient hotel, but on the afternoon of the day before I was supposed to check out, I got a message saying that I had to return urgently to my base location (Frankfurt). So, i went to the front desk and explained the situation to Daniel, who was responsible for the Front Office that day. Daniel conferred with Joy, the Manager on Duty, and Joy agreed to waive the 3rd night costs, despite me not giving the usual 24 hour advance notice. I really appreciated this gesture from Joy, and also thank Daniel for his efforts to convince Joy! Thank you, gentlemen! I shall be back to stay at your hotel soon!",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
1734,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1735-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Ideal London location,"Ideal location at Paddington Station, with easy access to transport to all points within London. Easy access to Heathrow Express. Would stay there again for convenience and comfort.  All staff were particularly friendly and helpful.",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
1735,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1740-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Day use room,"This hilton is large and convenient. We arrived on a Saturday morning and had no problem with room availability for a day use room at approximately 10 a.m. However, the hotel attempted to assign us a room on the lowest floor looking over the noisy entrance. We did have to struggle to be placed in a western facing room on the 4th floor in a quiet executive room. We were happy with the room...spacious and nicely decorated. The bed was very comfortable. The executive lounge was nice with drinks and snacks. Our other snafu was at checkout...our hilton.com booked room had tax included, but the hotel charged 20% tax on top of that.They did clear it up once we provided written documentation, but it was a 20 minute hassle with the manager involved. I would recommend this hilton if you…",Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
1736,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1740-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Great Place to Stay""",Outstanding hotel and staff in an excellent location!  Easy access to all points within London and outstanding access to Heathrow Express.  We always stay here the night before our departure for Heathrow!,Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
1737,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1740-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,British summer time begins,"I stayed at the Hilton Paddington for one night only. So I did not get to experience everything it had to offer, but I would of liked an earlier check in option (without charge!) as I was going to a concert in Hyde park starting at 2pm so was unable to check in until after the concert at 11pm, having to carry my bag all day. ",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
1738,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1740-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,I was expecting more,As a loyal Hilton customer I was disappointed with my stay. Lots of small things left me frustrated but mostly lack internet signal in my room and no kids meal room service. Not ok for this price band. A couple of staff stood out in their helpfulness but otherwise not good.,Date of stay: July 2016,2.0
1739,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1740-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,London tour,"Great experience at hilton paddington, accessible to every parts of the city. Underground tube station nearby. Hotel rooms and amenities are great. Breakfast excellent. staff are accommodating. Love to stay at Hilton.",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
1740,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1745-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great location at paddington station,"Stayed here due to a class in Slough.   Got a upgrade to GWR Tower Room. Nice and spaceful room. Clean and good.  Most quiet hotelroom i ever had. Big bed, but way to hard for my liking.  Access to regular lounge and to GWR Tower lounge.  Good breakfast and the  GWR Tower lounge was nice.  Regular lounge was to busy.  The common area and corridors are a little outdated and weared down. Some of the lifts was out of order, so it was quite a walk in a hotel maze to find the room first time.  Keycard did stop working some times, and had to get new one.  All Staff was nice and friendly.  Reseption staff was ok, but they was busy all the time.",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
1741,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1745-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Not for Disabled,If you are traveling with anyone that is in need of any kind of special help I would recommend it. Not that the concierge wasn't wonderful because he was. The other hotel staff was not. They gave our room to someone else and then gave us a room with steps when we had a wheel chair,Date of stay: July 2016,2.0
1742,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1745-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great Service,"Stayed 5 days at the Hilton and it was as others have stated. The front desk staff were very helpful. Check in was a breeze. We booked a family room as there were 3 of us. when we arrived in the room, I noticed there was no where for my nephew to sleep. Went down to the front desk and he quickly called housekeeping to deliver a rolling bed. They arrived by the time I walked back to the room. He set up the bed in a few minutes and asked if there was anything else he can do for us. Also, we were shortly greeted with some chocolates and again asked if there was anything we needed. The next day we used way too many towels and ask the house clean staff for extra towels. She promptly brought us extra towels. So you can see, really attention to customer service. The location is great…",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
1743,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1745-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Best location for visitors travelling via LHR.,"Whenever I visit London on business, I stay here as long as the prices are reasonable (prices at certain times can be above what I consider reasonable for this standard of hotel. The 4 stars above are mainly for the location.  While Paddington is not the ideal location for business, especially if you're doing business in the City, its USP is the fact that it sits 100 metres from the Heathrow Express. I'm usually only in London for a day or two, and travel in from the US, so being easily accessible from the train is more important than being close to the businesses I'm visiting (which tend to be on the west/central side of town anyway).  The rooms are variable.  I had some pretty mediocre rooms when I first started staying her regularly (perhaps 20 times in the last 6- years) but…",Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
1744,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1745-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Comfortable stay but nothing exceptional,"Stayed for one night on business, and held a seminar in one of their conference rooms. Firstly the stay, all I can say is it was average. Room was generally very good, was expansive in size for a London hotel, and despite the crossrail station being built outside the room, the level of soundproofing was good. Shower was strong, tea and coffee levels within the room were generous, and it had all the amenities a modern hotel should have with a desk, wifi, USB charging ports at the desk and by the bedside. Bed however was a little uncomfortable for my liking and seemed to slope to the edge slightly, making me feel like I was going to fall out. However I did sleep soundly so maybe I am being a little harsh.  Breakfast was OK, selection was thorough but Bacon was oven cooked and…",Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
1745,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1750-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,A good place to be,"The Hilton Hotel Paddington is very well located and the staff very pleasant. Nothing was any trouble. The rooms were very clean. Just across the road was the Big Bus hop on hop off. You can walk to Hyde Park. Plenty of eating places, pubs and shops all around. After a heavy day sightseeing it was lovely to get back to the hotel and relax. Room service was excellent.",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
1746,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1750-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Wow! New wing is amazing, but...",First time I have stayed here and the guest rooms in the new wing are really nice! Huge bathroom with a tub and separate shower.  I will say it's very awkward to get to the new wing as the main connecting elevator was out of service. My main complaint was how hard the mattress was. One of the hardest mattresses I have slept on in a long time and I travel a lot for work.  Once they fix this it will be the perfect hotel in Paddington.,Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
1747,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1750-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Hilton at its best,"This was a full service Hilton Property, manage very well. Everything well managed, clean, well maintained. A great example of a Hilton hotel. The checkin was clear and there are two executive lounges on the premise. I was upgraded to the tower rooms which were very nicely arranged . ",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
1748,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1750-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Colorful local in otherwise excellent location - with couple of caveats.,"Fifteen minutes every fifteen minutes to Heathrow is just great - Hotel is in the old GWR railway station.  Tube connections excellent.  Wimbledon too.  St Pancras and hence Paris straightforward.  Oxford, Bristol and West country trains too.  Neighborhood is lively, but it's a few minutes walk to Hyde Park, Oxford Street and so forth.  Rooms are generally good and of decent size.  Service is good.  Concierge is excellent.    Now for the caveats.  Room AC can be marginal and quite noisy.  Duvet/comforter was way too warm, no top sheet.  Marginal quality TV signal.  No CNN/US news.  Asymmetric HHonors loyalty.  If you book using a package/agent - ours was American Airlines - they don't give you points or any of the usual stuff.  Not even free WiFi - which costs them nothing, on…",Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
1749,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1750-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,sevice,this hotel had the most kind persons and it is always clean. Family enjoyed being in the centre of the city and very helpful people in London. Its definitely much easier to catch a Taxi in London than everywhere else,Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
1750,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1755-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Very nice ,Been for 3 night the stuff is very nice. Breakfast very good. Close to the tube and rail station. The line for Oxford is close that is bad. Had a good stay. The room far from the elevator so we walked.....,Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
1751,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1755-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Tower Room,"Unfortunately, only a brief stay at the London Hilton Paddington. The Tower room was very comfortable with separate sitting area, a very comfortable bed and a spacious bathroom. Only had time for a quick drink in the Tower lounge before dinner but such a relaxing space. As other reviewers have commented, the location of this hotel is great for the Heathrow Express. Staff very helpful and professional.",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
1752,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1755-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great stay!,"We arrived early and were greeted by a pleasant trainee manager  (female) we can't remember her name,she checked us in quickly and recommended some top sights.  We had requested an early check in and were very happy they facilitated this.The room was great and very clean. The location is great with  very  good train and bus links. We didn't eat in the hotel as there was a good choice nearby. We will be returning again soon.  ",Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
1753,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1755-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Good location but underground train to oxford street closed until mid august,"Stayed here twice during last month. Its a great location - heathrow express / trains from paddington going west to reading/oxford/bath/bristol etc and also into central london but the underground bakerloo line is closed at paddington until mid August 2016. so if you dont want the expense of a cab, ask the doorman to give you directions and walk 5-10 mins to lancaster gate and pick up the central line there. The rooms are a cut above the average in london - have all the usual tea/coffee facilities, fridge, hairdryer, wifi, tv, good shower and not too noisy from the rooms next door. Bed comfy and ask housekeeping if you'd prefer foam pillows to the standard feather ones. Room very clean. Staff pleasant too. Didnt have breakfast - just wandered down the sainsburys supermarket on…",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
1754,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1755-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Convenience,"Stayed here for 4 nights on a family vacation for 2 reasons...1) the proximity to trains and underground transport means getting around London was easy, and 2) the availability of rooms with 2 queen beds meant our girls could stay with us - though I think 2 separate rooms could have been cheaper (though the BREXIT vote mid-stay did reduce the cost of our stay in USD).  The hotel was quite nice.  the front desk seemed understaffed the couple of times we needed them but we may just have  picked busy times.  The executive lounge was well kept up and very convenient for quick breakfasts (the last day we ate breakfast in the restaurant and while there was slightly more food selection - the service was considerably worse.) Overall we enjoyed the stay and if our requirements are the…",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
1755,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1760-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,LOCATION  LOCATION LOCATION,"I don't know why people are pennywise pound foolish. Three good reasons for choosing this hotel. 1 Save Costs on taxi from Paddington Station 2. Nice Breakfast 3. Most importantly the Concierge ( Ask for Mario by name Wizard of London ). Nice clean rooms and bathrooms, prompt service. My appeal to owners ; please switch to a up to date wifi log in system , not slips with password please.",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
1756,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1760-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Location! Location! Location!,"Location of this hotel is great, lots of close access to many  trains and buses. Very pleasant and helpful staff. The room was small for three adults and a bit expensive. Breakfast was served from 6am to 10 am which was a plus. Overall pleasant experience.",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
1757,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1760-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Convienient for a Quick Trip,"I stayed for two nights after extending a layover in London for a day.  The hotel is connected to the Paddington Station where you pick up the Heathrow Express train - less than a 5 minute walk from the train to check in location was great for heading out for an early flight.  Paddington is also on the Circle, District and Bakerloo lines although service is suspended on the Bakerloo line through August 2016.  Check in was quick and the room was nice.  An American style bed I was really hoping for an American shower after a week in Europe but it was the hand held European variety.  Toiletries included shampoo, conditioner, lotion and shower gel.  Room also had a tea kettle and a selection of teas.  Disappointingly few English language TV channels especially considering were in an…",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
1758,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1760-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great Hotel Near Paddington Station,"I've stayed at the London Paddington Hilton previously and will stay there again. Terrific location adjacent to the train station (including the Heathrow Express). Nice rooms, attractive old hotel with a staff that goes out of its way to make customers feel welcome.",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
1759,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1760-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Satisfactory stay ,My friend and I stayed for one night. Convenient location. 5 min walk to paddington train station.   Room size is good. Comfortable bed.   We went for Executive Lounge access. Free flow drinks and light bites.   Breakfast spread is good. Offers all the standard. We also requested for eggs omelette which was provided for.   Toiletries provided is from Peter Thomas Roth. Excellent products. ,Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
1760,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1765-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Beware- Read the fine print of Hilton Honors!!,"I have booked 30 room nights for my family this month at the Hilton Paddington. I was really disappointed to learn that I would not be able to earn Hilton Honors points for my stay here since I had booked through my travel agent! In the last few years I have done several holidays across chains like the Marriott, Ritz Carlton, Westin etc and have never faced this issue.   A company as big and reputed as the Hilton changed their program terms and conditions last year and have kept this important criteria tucked in their terms and conditions. The website does not have this important point highlighted and it appears in the fine-print of the terms and conditions section.   If I had known this I would have never stayed at the Hilton! I don't think I will stay at the Hilton again since…",Date of stay: July 2016,2.0
1761,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1765-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Nice Hotel,"The Hotel is just around the corner from Paddington so very handy if you arrive on the Heathrow express. Its a pretty huge hotel, not sure how many rooms but substantial. The room I had was pretty large with a decent size bathroom, kettle, mini bar etc. Bed was comfy and although it was on a busy street it wasn't noisy. I didn't eat in the Hotel but went out and found some food locally, there are plenty of places around. Although Paddington isn't the best of areas its only a ten minute walk to Hyde park which is lovely to wander around. Its wasn't a cheap hotel with the room around £200 but its London and it was summer so I guess that's just what it costs. Mini bar was extortionate, I had a small toblerone and it was £4.95!!  Wifi was good and the TV had a decent selection of…",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
1762,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1765-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Very nice stay,I booked this hotel to attend a concert in Hyde park . It was also very reasonable in price and the staff were friendly and helpful. We had a nice room which was clean and comfortable. Would stay again and definitely recommend ,Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
1763,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1765-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,A lot of good things in seperate but in general faceless hotel.,"I stayed in GWR Tower Club room which is newly launched part of the hotel. Nice room, confy bed, good work desk area. Very clean and spacious bathroom. Quiet and nice. But long way to walk to the GWR Tower. 2 lifts needs to be taken to get to the tower rooms. No turndown and no newspaper services at all. No night room service (there is no menu in the booklet but if it happens that your call is replied by the room service staff you have to choose from sandwich menu, but very unaccommodating service indeed). At the arrival there was the only front office staff member serving the guests. After some waiting time another guy came and started to serve. I am Diamond Member - but no upgrade was offered, although nothing else either. Lefts need maintenance. For security reasons the door…",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
1764,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1765-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great for Getting to LHR.,"Stayed the night before our return flight to the US. Got upgraded to the Great Brunel Suite. It's an odd room with a spiral staircase greeting you upon arrival. The hotel staff was helpful, and breakfast was nice, but, unless one wants to host a party on the large terrace with this room, I'd have to recommend a more traditional room.  ",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
1765,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1770-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Excellent - Hilton at it's finest,"Four night star for business. What a great hotel. My room was huge (not common in London), clean and well appointed. The hotel's location near Hyde Park and Paddington are great.  A bit of construction in the station by the hotel entrance, but it wasn't obtrusive. I'd stay again.",Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
1766,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1770-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Gr8 location. Avg. 4 star,Very short stay. Good room and nothing to complain about. Boring bar. Really boring in fact. Nice check-in staff. Had a 7am flight so close to Heathrow express was key. And why the =%×&€ is wifi not free???,Date of stay: June 2016,3.0
1767,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1770-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great family hotel,"Great family hotel and perfect location.  Traveling with 2 children it was very efficient to use the Heathrow Express and the hotel was central to everything.  Our room as well as the hotel looked a bit dated, but the trade offs were worth it.  Loved that they gave the kids a Paddington coloring booklet at check-in.  Super friendly staff as well.  Took a GrayLine half-day tour to Stonehendge that picked us up right at the hotel.  Great experience.",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
1768,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1770-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Lausy irresponsible service,"-we left valuable train tickets in the room, and we called in 30 mins to ask to pick them up. But they were already gone, the staff didnt bother to make any effort to try to find it.  -always check your bill thoroughly! We were added and charged with items we didnt use. -make sure not to step in to something in there. Just in front of the entrance the ground was covered in some sticky dirt, it took a while to clean this from my shoes! -poor breakfast selection; the porridge was cold, there were no hash browns for a while. Regards Jovita #345;#301",Date of stay: July 2016,1.0
1769,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1770-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,a quality station hotel,"I have stayed here several times over the years, initially because it's hands down the most convenient hotel for access to Heathrow Airport. However, the hotel has recently had somewhat of a makeover, and feels a little more modern, while still maintaining its pleasant old-school feel.",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
1770,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1775-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Amazing service,"I visited this hotel for 2 nights and a conference. The room was big, clean and i found there everything I needed. Food was ok but service was amazing. Reception, concierge,  restaurant service etc. were super friendly, helpful and funny. O, and bed was very comfortable.",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
1771,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1775-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great location,"This hotel is literally across the road from the Paddington station- therefore it is in an awesome location- very easy to get around London.  There are lots of great restaurants near by.  We originally had a room with a very hard bed, however, the staff was quick to change us, moved our luggage to the new room while we were out sight seeing, and the upgraded us to a king size bed.  Our problem was handled quickly and efficiently.  We stayed on the train side, which is very quiet compared to the street side.  We would absolutely stay here again..",Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
1772,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1775-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Stayed for a week.Had a comfortable stay with family!,"Stayed at Hilton,London,Paddington with family of 4, 2 Adults , 1 child & 1 infant. Very Convenient location. Staff was very courteous & friendly.Rooms are spacious clean & cozy. King size bed with one extra for the child.Bathrooms are clean & maintained.  Though the breakfast spread was quite big but was same everyday!. Should have better options !There are some good restaurants around the hotel area, something for everyone. Mr. Prassana from Concierge  & Zoe from Reception were quite helpful & would like to thank them for making the stay more comfortable! Would definitely like to pay another visit soooonnnn!!",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
1773,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1775-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Very nice,"Location just next to Paddington railway station. Room clean and lots of space, big comfortable bed, frendly staff, reasnobly priced. Bathroon nice, like the hole room really. I would deffenetly use this hotel again. It was easy to leave Heathrow airport in early 5.10 train from this location. If there is something to complane, there was some repairwork in street next to hotel, that did bother the sleep, but this is nothing that hotel could do anyting about.",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
1774,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1775-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Bears abound,Advantageous location for everything. I stayed here overnight after traveling from Bristol and the convenience to be able to hop on the LHR cannot be beat.  Very nice rooms and the hotel bar was a nice place to grab a late dinner.,Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
1775,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1780-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,A very nice stay,"Comfortable room, very good standard of cleaning. Tea, coffee, cookies, water were available in the room and the bathroom amenities were of good quality.  It was a bit hot on the day I arrived, but the a/c worked very well. The bed was very comfortable and I slept extremely well (and I've spend countless sleepless nights in hotels...).  Good selection of TV channels. Concierge was very helpful, when booking a cab to the airport on the day before departure.",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
1776,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1780-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,A flight delay turns into a mini city break,"Our stay at the Paddington Hilton was the result of cancelled and delayed flights necessitating re-booking to spend the night in London and catch the Heathrow Express to T5 pre-dawn. Upon arrival the staff were wonderful, the concierge directed us to an excellent, cheerful 'old school' Italian restaurant down the block that served late; our room was upgraded to a suite, and all-in-all it was an all-too-brief but lovely night in the Big Smoke. Room was large, clean and quiet. If only we hadn't had to leave so early as to miss breakfast. The really memorable aspect of the stay was how friendly everyone was - they must have a great manager because they all seemed pleased to work there. There are newer, more stylish hotels, but for location and price, you'd pay much more for less.",Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
1777,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1780-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Location Location Location ,"The Hilton at Paddington has a lot going for it before I even comment on the hotel with the great location at Paddington Station. This means easy access to Heathrow Express from the airport, London Tube, Hyde Park and cannel system at Little Venice. Although the hotel lobby is pretty dated, dark and crowded the rooms in GWR Tower are excellent. Service is overall good and staff always helpful. ",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
1778,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1780-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Short stay, everything ok","Stayed 1 night because of the convenience of being within walking distance from  Heathrow Express. Nothing fantastic, nothing bad, a but of renovation would do. Room was bug, clean but weird roof window made it complicated to get a good night of sleep.  Stay here if you need to leave early to airport, otherwise too pricey for what it is. ",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
1779,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1780-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Convenient location for a short trip via LHR,We found this Hilton very comfortable. Right next door to Paddington Station so if you come in on the Heathrow Express (highly recommend) this location is mint! Plenty of great restaurants and bars in the area and with Paddington right next door you can also catch the Tube.    If you're lucky enough to have free breakfast it is really great with a wide array of choices. I'm not sure what the cash price was but I probably would have paid it. My only complaint was that there is no visible A/C in this old building and that left us a tad uncomfortable at night.,Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
1780,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1785-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Room to move!,"We had an executive king room in the old section. Our previous experiences with hotels in London, including more expensive ones, has been very small rooms. This time our room was huge, with a large bathroom ( separate shower and bath) and very high ceilings. Having read other reviews that comment on tired decor, it should be noted that this was not the case with our room.  As others have noted, the location is great. And since the proximity to Heathrow Express is a selling feature, perhaps the hotel could advise guests when they book that you can buy advance purchase tickets on line and they are much cheaper. Only issues were an extremely loud air conditioner ( problem solved by turning it off- the weather was not so hot) and a charge of nearly 20 pounds for a  3 minute call to…",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
1781,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1785-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,An Elegant Mess!,"The Hilton London Paddington is located in a very elegant building in a very convenient location for access to Heathrow and trains out to the west of London. I would actually say that it is the best located hotel for Heathrow, even more so than the Hilton at Heathrow. The building, hotel interior and rooms are all of a high quality, are stylish and comfortable. Our stay here should have been very pleasant, however it was let down by many small factors that shouldn't be happening. The hotel could get the big things right but the small things were astonishingly bad. From the moment we arrived we found that the staff were rude and very unhelpful. Doorman at the hotel would hold the door opening for arriving guests but would do little more. I was astounded to watch old ladies with…",Date of stay: December 2015,3.0
1782,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1785-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,The Hilton Hotel at Paddington.,"My husband and I did not stay at the Hilton Hotel however every evening we ate our dinner in the Hilton Bar. The food was excellent and the service great. The waiters remembered us from the first night we ate there. We had drinks and our dinner after sightseeing in London for hours each day. We used our Oyster Cards to travel on the local buses and all we wanted was a meal, a drink and a short walk to our hotel. We got all this and more. The staff in the bar and the staff at the reception desk was helpful and kind. I suffered a low blood sugar attack one evening when we arrived at the hotel. The staff brought orange juice and a cookie before we had dinner. Often I'm not able to ask for what I need and all I told them was I having a low blood sugar episode. This impressed me and…",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
1783,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1785-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Very old historical hotel,"If you like to experience to stay in vintage hotel this is the one. The window frame, toilet tap, bath tub all I believe it's still from that era.  It's location is super convenient, it's jus next to the train station. This rooms does not have AC so feel a little stuffy and have some smell even in winter. Rooms are clean and bed is comfortable. Over still good.",Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
1784,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1785-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Excellent hotel great service,"Hilton Paddington is extremely well located just next to Paddington railway station with lots of public transport options. The hotel is excellent with big rooms, comfortable beds, nice bathroom. The breakfast is great with wide variety of selections. The staff are very helpful and helped me with web-checkin in flights as well as printout of tickets and boarding passes. The checkin and checkout process was very smooth and fast.",Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
1785,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1790-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great location,This a great historic hotel from the railway hay days.  It was a GWR hotel and still bears some of the trappings from that era.  You can't find a more convenient hotel to Paddington Railway Station.  They recently renovated 12 or so rooms and created a dedicated lounge.  Sadly this resulted in downgrading the offerings in the main Hilton lounge.  But it is still a nice place to stay.  I just wish they kept the bar open later.  It closes at 10pm,Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
1786,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1790-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Location, location",The location with under cover access to Paddington station is exemplorary. Service was very good. Clean and well-insulated rooms ensured a good nights rest. One of the annexes had a few stairs which would be inappropriate for mobility challenged guests.,Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
1787,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1790-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Lacking at first but got better,We got a room with no air conditioning or black out curtains.  We asked to be moved and spent the next three nights in a better room. Breakfast was the best part of the hotel stay.  Great staff and excellent food.,Date of stay: June 2016,3.0
1788,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1790-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Large room,"This room was great. There were three of us sharing and there was so much room. The bathroom had a shower cubicle and a bath with a shower over it and two sinks. With three women that was a bonus. It was very clean and room service was very reasonably priced. Location was very good, right outside Paddington station.",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
1789,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1790-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Location, Location, Location",Great hotel in a fabulous location right at Paddington station....easy access to Heathrow Express and to the tube.....rooms were a great size and very comfortable and the staff couldn't have been nicer.  Would definitely return.  Breakfast was good if a little pricey if you weren't on the b&b option.  Very clean hotel too.,Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
1790,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1795-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Please give this hotel love....,"The location is optimal is coming in from Heathrow on the Express.  If you get lost, you won't lose this hotel.  Dated but quality build make hotel acceptable, but rooms don't feel clean enough despite new linens and towels.  Free wifi if you book using their website and have an account.  Worth it!",Date of stay: June 2016,3.0
1791,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1795-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Location, Location, Location!","Nice hotel conveniently connected to the Paddington Station.  Perfect to jump on & easily get across town to connect to the Heathrow Express.  Can't say enough about how perfect this location is.  Walking distance to parks, restaurants, things to do.  Rooms are large with 2 double beds comfortable for 2 adults and 2 older children.  It's a splurge to stay here, but do it if you can.",Date of stay: July 2015,5.0
1792,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1795-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Euro Vacation 2016,"Very nice hotel in a great location, had some trouble with the Concierge but Prasanna stepped up big time and helped greatly. I think because of Prasanna our London trip went smooth, he helped us almost very day! The underground is located across the street and the pubs on the block are Great. This place is a little expensive but was worth it.",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
1793,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1795-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great location,"Really enjoyed our one night stay at the Hilton Paddington. The hotel is in a superb position for travelling around London being directly opposite the Underground station and above Paddington Railway station, very handy for the Heathrow Express. We had booked a Double Deluxe room and were very pleased with the size of the room and quality of furnishings, we were on the sixth floor and it was very quiet and we got a good nights sleep in the comfortable bed. Breakfast was good but busy and we were allocated a table in the over spill area just outside of the main restaurant but this proved better for us as it was more relaxing and less frantic than the main restaurant hall. Food was good and a great choice on offer. All the staff were friendly and pleasant and I would most…",Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
1794,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1795-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Splurge for a Tower Room,"I used Hilton points to upgrade to one of their Tower Rooms.  As much as I love London, I didn't want to leave.  Spacious, luxurious, and dramatic style.  Plus you get your own executive lounge.  As for the hotel itself, the location is perfect.  A quick train ride from Heathrow deposits you right at the hotel in the heart of London.  The rest of the Hotel (away from the newer tower) is like going back in time.  A little threadworn but has historical charm.     And splurge on a Tower Room - you'll be glad you did.",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
1795,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1800-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Comfortable Inviting Conveient,"We  travel to London several times a year and alternate between this hotel, and the Hilton Park Lane.  As Hilton Diamond Members we look to Hilton first because our Diamond status often leads to nice upgrades and the suites at the Paddington are large and oh so very inviting and comfortable.  The Executive Lounge is enjoyable.   Mostly we enjoy the convenience of arriving fon the Heathrow Express NONSTOP to Paddington Station and being able to enter the hotel from inside the station; so much faster and more convenient than car service  :) I recommend this hotel and would quickly stay here again.",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
1796,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1800-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Very pleased with Hilton Paddington,Top notch in every way. Excellent location for getting the Heathrow Express (which is a very short and convenient way to get to LHR). Tower room was exceptionally quiet and the Lounge was terrific. All the staff was excellent as were amenities in the room and the Lounge. Can't speak for the lower floors but I've never stayed in a quieter hotel room anywhere.,Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
1797,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1800-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Good Hotel - convenient ,"Good rooms, good breakfast, Heathrow express stops here, not to far from Oxford Street if you want to do some shopping. Very convenient for business and a weekend trip due to the train and a nice neighborhood. ",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
1798,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1800-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Good,Would stay here again! When I checked in-had chosen a room the day before- was advised to have another as I had asked for a quiet one. Room was large and comfortable-good bath room-was able to feel safe to have a bath-some thing I am unable to do at home-only have a shower .Breakfast was excellent-many choices .Service swift and good.,Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
1799,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1800-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great Location For London Underground and Trains To Heathrow Airport.,"We decided to spend the final 2 nights of our European Tour here for ease of access to the Heathrow Express. You walk out the back of the hotel straight onto the station concourse, great if you have many cases. Our greeting was very warm and check in was swift and efficient. The hotel and the rooms were extremely clean and well maintained. This is a lovely old building with nice wide corridors. The service at dinner was rather slow, but the food was excellent. Breakfast was very busy and the staff coped admirably particularly the two trainees I observed. If it hadn't been for the badges they were wearing I wouldn't have known they were trainees. There were a few obnoxious customers at breakfast and the staff handled their unfounded gripes very well.",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
1800,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1805-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Dusappointing experience,"Stayed at the hotel for a week in June 2016.  The hotel is ideally located above the Paddington station. This is ideal to get anywhere in London. Heathrow express can get you to the airport in 15 min, and you are only 15 min walk away from Hyde Park. Also around the hotel you can easily find all sorts of supermarket, fast food, etc. The experience with the hotel itself is rather disappointing. Very small room where you have no space to walk around the bed and difficult to fit the food tray, very poor set of amenities (no slippers, no bath robe, no cotton pads, complimentary bottle of water for only 1st day, etc). Food quality is average, including breakfast where there is no fresh juice and average quality bread. Staff was not very friendly. The lady at the reception was rude,…",Date of stay: June 2016,3.0
1801,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1805-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,solo in london,"I selected to stay at this hotel after a cruise to reacquaint myself with london sights I have not seen before.  On arrival I was warmly greeted and upgraded to a superior room based upon my Gold status with Hilton.  I used the Executive Lounge during my stay and there was a good selection of items for the appropriate time of day, including liquor in the evening.  The hotel was very clean and all of the staff very helpful.  Its location with interior access to Paddington Station and the Express train to the airport is a major plus ! Also...the underground station for local transit within London was only across the street.  There are also many local restaurants and national brand food retailers within a 2 block radius.",Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
1802,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1805-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Good Hilton, great location","Rooms feel slightly dated in style but are in good condition (i mean no chipped furniture, tired carpets) pretty big for a London hotel too, and quiet enough considering the location. Staff were very professional.",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
1803,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1805-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Had earplugs in and the room was still too noisy,"Was upgraded to their Executive Room due to my Diamond status.  The hotel is beautiful on the outside and the room was very nice and spacious.  However, I was on the second floor facing the street.  Before midnight I could feel the trains shaking the room.  The street noise was very loud as my window was open (which was not).  Added to that there were a lot of restaurants and bars near there and people outside were really noisy all night long.  I had about 2 to 3 hours of sleep.  I feel like I was cheated out of my money. I mentioned about my status because I feel that I have been loyal to the brand but they gave me the worst room in the house (I am sure I am not the only one who complained and am sure they are aware which rooms in a hotel are problem rooms).   I chose this…",Date of stay: June 2016,1.0
1804,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1805-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Good hotel,"Very nice hotel , good position just in front of The tube station and next to The Train station of Paddington in 15 minutes you can go to The airport . Staff professional and nice : reception staff, concierge staff, meeting staff and food and beverage. Rooms are big and clean",Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
1805,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1810-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great for Ladies travelling on their own,"Loved the fact that I came of the paddington express and up an excalator on the concorse and was straight into the hotel.  this is ideal for sole travellers, arriving after dark.  No need to walk to find hotel or grab taxis.",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
1806,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1810-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Lovely Hotel,"Lovely room , helpful staff, good location.  Excellent breakfast in fact one of the better hotels in this chain  We had three nights here and would recommend it . A very good visit . Especially handy if you are using Paddington station as the concourse leads into the hotel.  ",Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
1807,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1810-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Luxurious old railway hotel with lots of character,"A little bit of luxury on our last night in the UK after travelling for a month.  Recognized as a HiltonHonors member, excellent service.  Pleasantly surprised by the quality of our in room dining experience. Personal requests made at time of booking.",Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
1808,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1810-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Couldn't get my original choice but I think this was better.,"Lovely building and the family room we were given was very spacious, very near to some excellent restaurants and the train stations, also easy to get to on the underground from kings cross. Beds were very comfortable!",Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
1809,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1810-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Perfect hotel in perfect location,"Having stayed 2 nights at the hilton hotel london paddington from 10-12th june .we stayed in the gwr tower rooms ,we arrived at 12.30 and we're in our room in 30mins.rooms were newly renovated, with the most comfortable beds   the rainforest shower . Very Friendly staff and helpful.breakfast and evening bites and drinks were provided.breakfast was very good from full English to yogurts   toast",Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
1810,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1815-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,4th visit even better than the first three!,"Rakesh Singh is the duty manager at the hotel. We met four years ago. Two years ago we arrived at 7 in the morning. Distressed with a major back surgery several months prior to our arrival he immediately was able to get us in a room even though check in was still hours away. Flash forward to three days ago. We didn't let him know we were coming and walked in to the lobby. In less than a few minutes he recognized us and came over with a warm smile. He took care of us once again as if we were years old friends. We stayed in the new tower section of the hotel and it was so updated. Absolutely fantastic room. Great bed, strong shower with great water pressure, big robes and house slippers. Marble, wood, a huge TV, coffee machine, a blow dryer for the ladies, plenty of water bottles…",Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
1811,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1815-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,OK but no wow factor,"Booked the paddington hilton thinking this would be a luxurious  hotel.it was sort of but had no wow factor. On check in a deposit of 50 pounds was taken,not just a credit card this will be refunded in a couple of days.The mini bar had strict rules and when ordering a coffee it was delivered with the bill.for a luxury hotel  there seemed to be no warmth.everything was cold,clinical and not welcoming just efficient. The room was large but we expected good quality  fluffy towels not just standard hotel towels and maybe a bathrobe but no. Wifi was not free Perhaps we expected too much although the concierge was helpful  and efficient.",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
1812,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1815-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,No sleep ,"We stayed at this Hilton for two nights , June 2016.  I have status at Hilton , yet my room on the second floor was so loud from the night club below in Saturday night that we were awake most of the night.  You could feel the vibration from the music - way into the night.   I went to the front desk to ask is it like that every night or just Sat and she said Fri and Sat night it's like that.  No apology offered.   So why does a guest who uses Hilton almost exclusively , get put on a low floor when the hotel knows it's an issue and that the guest will leave unhappy??  This was not a last minute reservation.  This will certainly effect my hotel loyalty in the future.  We moved to the Renaissance St Pancras.  Thanks Hilton.  ",Date of stay: June 2016,2.0
1813,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1815-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Ok-  good price- convienient,"This is an Ok hotel- nothing exceptional- it is very convenient if you take the Heathrow Express train- as it is basically part of the station. It is quiet, the rooms  are ok and the service is very good,  A good value for London and close to all the attractions. The underground station is right there.  However- don't eat in the restaurant- the food was horrid and the service miserable. Otherwise I would recommend it.",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
1814,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1815-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Weekends are a good time to stay.,"As many reviewers have noted, this is a particularly well situated hotel for transport links as it is directly above the mainline station which includes the Heathrow Express and multiple Tube lines. Taxis queue up just outside the front door and buses run past. It is predominantly business hotel during the week with very busy public areas, but weekends are much quieter and room rates are cheaper. The Executive Rooms with Executive Lounge access can be very good values as breakfast, lunchtime sandwiches and alcohol and substantial snacks in the evening are included.",Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
1815,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1820-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Best location in London for Tube access,Front entrance to the hotel is just opp to the Paddington station entrance - can you beat it. And the rear entrace is from the Paddington National station. You are bang in the middle of the market with all needs within walking distance (except parking). The hotel has a history as it was the hotel for Great Western Royal train company. It is a good hotel with quite rooms though you hav to walk a lot from lift to the rooms. Brekfast is great. There is no onsite parking. We had to park at public parking which is approx 0.75 km from hotel and charges a bomb.,Date of stay: November 2015,4.0
1816,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1820-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Our last stop in train trips to London,"It's not cheap but it's a great place to grab a final drink before getting on a train out of Paddington.    The staff are always very helpful, it's very comfortable and it's only a few minutes direct walk to the platforms.   You need a code to get into the loo but it's freely available. ",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
1817,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1820-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Upgrade that didn't work out .........,"Booked the Terrace Suite , which was basically a room with a small terrace outside, on checkin was upgraded to the tower suite terrace room, which was a higher priced room , which i appreciate the upgrade , but sadly i did not like the room   The room was over 3 floors , each area quite small , bottom floor was a very small reception area , middle floor was the bedroom and bathroom , whilst top level was a lounge area , the terrace area was quite large.  I found it difficult to control the lights for each part , every time some one came to the room , you had to go downstairs , and to be quite honest it had a bit of a ""spooky "" feel , but that was just me as the room was quite dark .  The lounge was nice , with decent service.  The hotel is pretty good value for money.",Date of stay: June 2016,3.0
1818,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1820-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Perfect Location and Quiet Rooms,Arriving late from Berlin at London Heathrow we caught the Heathrow Express into Paddington and walked to reception without going outside. It's a beautiful Art Deco hotel with amazing access to everything in the city. Only one night so far but loving it. ,Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
1819,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1820-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Perfect location,"Right on the tube and the Heathrow Express, this location is perfect for touring this wonderful city.  The rooms were very comfortable, breakfast was extensive. Only downside was the staff which were very surly, often rude and English was definitely not their language of choice. No concierge and bellmen knew nothing of the immediate area for pubs ect.",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
1820,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1825-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Excellent location, good value",This hotel is perfectly located for those arriving/departing by train also close to Hyde Park & walking distance from Oxford/Regent street. Tower Rooms are a worthwhile upgrade from standard and the Tower Lounge provides complementary drinks and snacks throughout the day and a perfectly adequate buffet breakfast.,Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
1821,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1825-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Luxury - at a price,"Yes, it is a very good hotel. But when a pot of tea for two in the lounge costs £11 plus expected gratuity it needs to be more than just very good. And it gets very close, especially as it is not too difficult to get rooms at around half the advertised price. Moreover, the room prices are quite reasonable when compared with similar quality central London establishments. And if you feel like splurging you may be able to find superior rooms at quite attractive prices. The staff are very efficient and friendly and treat you as if you are quite special. Moreover, if you have an early morning train to catch from Paddington the next day the whole extravagance might be excused as an act of sagacity.",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
1822,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1825-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,A bit of luxury right next to the platforms,"great service, nice hotel and just few minutes from the station platform - perfect if you want a leisurely breakfast before catching an early morning train... The staff were extremely helpful and gave our children colouring books to entertain them on arrival, check in and out was quick and smooth, and breakfast was top notch",Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
1823,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1825-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"GWR Tower Room: Great Concept, Needs Attention to Detail","Stayed before an early morning train to the West Country.  Found a good cashback rate online.  Had been told there was a dedicated GWR Tower checkin, but this was nowhere to be found.  Checkin was decent, though - very friendly, although we could do without being berated for not booking via the Hilton website and paying more.  It's a bit of a trek to the GWR Tower area (could do with a dedicated entrance!) but worth it.  This whole are has been very well restored in an art deco style with some slightly confusing Japanese touches.  The room was very spacious for London, no view to speak of, and the bed incredibly comfortable.  The fittings in the main room were of a very high quality.  The bathroom was a disappointment.  There were brown stains all around the ceiling, cornicing…",Date of stay: June 2016,3.0
1824,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1825-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Perfect,This is a great place to stay.  It is attached to the train station so arriving or departing on the Heathrow Express was perfect from here. Saves time.  Can connect from Underground here.  Very nice rooms and lounges inside.  There is a grocery store attached as a well as a Starbucks to the hotel.  Will be back here for sure.,Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
1825,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1830-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Its better than you think it will be,"So this is a hotel directly connected to Paddington train station so it should be awful, shouldn't it?  Well yes and no and overall its better than I thought it was going to be.   Firstly it is important to say that this hotel is super convenient and I suspect that is the main reason people stay here.  Given that I would expect that the hotel would skimp on other areas and this is true in most aspect except for the most important - the bedroom, which exceeded my expectation (low as they were).   The bedroom was a good size and although some of the furniture looked a little worn it was all pretty good. The bed was comfortable and best of all the room was pretty well soundproofed - given the hotels location this is vital. The air conditioning worked well and the Internet was of a…",Date of stay: June 2016,3.0
1826,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1830-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Comfortable, Spacious","Spent a week here while in London for business. Location made transport around the city easy. Nice room; good hot shower - not the little Euro closet you find sometimes. Excellent tea, coffee, and breakfast included. Avoid the nearby casino -- looks a little shady.",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
1827,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1830-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great for Heathrow & choosing a room online,"Having stayed many times - just to wheel that luggage down one escalator into Paddington Station and onto the Heathrow Express - we are feeling comfortable with the limitations of this hotel.  DO NOT go here for a resort/spa experience or convenience to tourist London. And right now, with the Bakerloo line not stopping, it is REALLY INCONVENIENT!    But .. if your are flying from Heathrow in the morning there is nowhere better.  And Hilton Honors can select their actual room online (at least if you pre-pay).  We will stay again.",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
1828,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1830-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Pleasant surprise ,"We stayed here Saturday night, and being an old hotel we were pleasantly surprised how modern it was. Our bedroom was very nice and comfortable, you can tell it's been modernised instantly by the USB port incorporated in the sockets. The buffet breakfast was very good, the location was perfect we strolled to little  Venice, and Hyde Park. Will definitely stay here again. ",Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
1829,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1830-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Conference attendance,Ok hotel.  I felt it was a bit over priced.  Also the diesel fumes from the Paddington train station kept filtering in my room.  The bed however was very comfortable and there was plenty of hot water for showers.    I do wish however that drip coffee would be made available in the rooms instead of instant coffee.,Date of stay: May 2016,3.0
1830,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1835-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"A Lot Good, Some EH!","Great location with easy access from LHR via Heathrow Express (20 Minutes) and delivered practically to Hilton back door.  Checkin was fast, and room ready early thanks to Graciana who was terrific. Concierge very helpful with tickets (London Tower) and directions. Valet was spot on--quick,efficient and professional. Best of all was the Executive Lounge. Breakfast had everything you could want including cook to order items. Afternoon snacks and evening hors d'oeuvres were delectable with lots of choice. The staff in the lounge deserve lots of credit---job well done!!! Housekeeping was spot on---room was cleaned soon after we left and done well. Suite was OK---a little chopped up but fine. The large terrace was disgusting with bird droppings everywhere, peeling paint and mold on…",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
1831,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1835-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Another Stay at this GEM of a hotel,"The Paddington Hilton is a great hotel...  ideally located both in terms of arriving from Heathrow (15 minutes on Heathrow Express) and the hotel is also located on major bus and tube stops.   The staff are what really makes this hotel.  Rakesh the front desk manager is the epitome of a hospitality professional... remembering guests by name and greeting me like a long-lost friend.  Kevin in the restaurant and Mae in the Executive Lounge seem to know many guests by name.  Mark and Charles the ever-present doormen and Shanker the Concierge must have worked there for many years.... they are always very polite, willing and helpful.   I am in the hospitality business myself, but I have to say the Paddington Hilton is my absolute favorite hotel in the world, a true ""home from…",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
1832,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1835-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Very nice hotel in a great location!,"We stayed at the Hilton for two nights at the end of our vacation.  Getting there could not have been easier, you walk out of Paddington station and the hotel is directly in front of you.  The are a number of restaurants and pubs within walking distance as well as Hyde Park, Kensington Gardens and Buckingham Palace.  The rooms are nice,  good size for a hotel in the city.   Checking out was quick and the Heathrow Express takes 15 minutes directly to the airport.  Definitely would recommend for an uncomplicated stay in London.",Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
1833,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1835-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Prime location for travelers,"If you have to endure London Heathrow, the Heathrow express is the best but not cheap route to downtown London. If you are staying at this hotel, you needn't put a foot outdoors to reach your room as the Paddington station and Paddington Hilton are connected by a bridge, all indoors. Once there, you are treated to a first rate hotel with sizable rooms and a wonderful tower suite lounge. We will make this our London landing spot in future. ",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
1834,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1835-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Good Option for the light business traveler!,"Was traveling for work and decided on Hilton Paddington because of the beds (my boss has a bad back and, therefore, needs firm mattresses!) and because of connectivity via Heathrow Express. We failed to account for the fact that our luggage was significantly cumbersome as to not be practical for Heathrow Express.   Anyway, the hotel. We had managed to secure good rates by booking early and checked in with minimal fuss. My boss was upgraded to a higher category suite (which would easily fit a family of 4+ people). My room was also bumped up - ended up getting a room with 2 Queen Sized beds, all for one person.   Beds are super comfortable, particularly for those who like firm mattresses. My bathroom was equipped with a bathtub which was a tad slippery if one isn't careful.…",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
1835,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1840-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,A great hotel in lively Paddington,Me and my boyfriend had a wonderful stay at the Hilton hotel Paddington. Our room was clean and stylish and had a wonderful view. The hotel staff were helpful yet seemed quite busy at times. I also liked the hotel's location in Paddington. There are a lot of nice restaurants and pubs nearby and the Oxford Street is less than a 10 minutes walk away.,Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
1836,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1840-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Mixed feelings,"My wife and I stayed in a GWR Tower room for two nights to begin a holiday in Europe. First of all, the location is brilliant with the convenience of being where the Heathrow Express pulls in and easy access to the tube.  We arrived on a very early flight and the staff gave us access to the gym to freshen up which was greatly appreciated.  The room itself was comfortable although a little small compared to the pictures on the website. The bathroom was huge and luxurious however.  Did not use the Tower lounge but had breakfast in the main area. First morning (being a public holiday) was fantastic with the staff attentive and the food plentiful and the best flat white coffee made. The second morning (a work day) can only be described as feral with the staff disinterested or…",Date of stay: May 2016,3.0
1837,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1840-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great Location,"My family and I stayed here for 2 nights after Easter 2016 and found the location to be excellent. The staff were friendly and helpful and the price was OK especially for a central London hotel. The room was clean and modern and the hotel had Wi-Fi plus each room had Wi-Fi to purchase if you did not qualify for free service through HHonors. I would definitely stay again, especially as the Heathrow Express is a 2 minute walk away through the back of the hotel.",Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
1838,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1840-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Convenient and comfortable,Hilton London Paddington is a solid Hilton property. Lobby is a bit small but rooms are very comfortable. Breakfast is above average. Location is a short stroll to Hyde Park and Kensington Park. Unbeatable convenience for Paddington and Heathrow trains. ,Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
1839,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1840-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Hilton London Paddington,"Services and locations are excellent, internet was bad and occasionally having disconnected. Type of breakfast menu were quite limited and  no distinction between halal and non halal for moslem. The lift needs upgrade as well. However overall it's recommended for easy access and short stay",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
1840,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1845-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Hilton Heathrow Terminal 4,Have stayed numerous times in the executive rooms and access the lounge which is very good especially soup in the afternoon and evening happy hour. Breakfest is exceptional with everything at your finger tips. Ride in the golf cart to terminal 4 is quite unique for the customers.,Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
1841,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1845-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Hilton Paddington May 2016 Stay,"    My wife and I flew British Airways from Chicago to London on May 4, 2016. After navigating our way through the confusion of Heathrow Terminal 5, we took the Heathrow Express train that runs directly to Paddington Station. The hotel is part of the station building, but locating the hotel entrance was a little difficult due to some construction work. If in doubt, one could exit the station and walk around front to enter the hotel from its street entrance.      Our stay was technically only for 1 night but our arrival at the hotel was at 9AM. I planned to just leave our luggage at the hotel until check in time at 3PM, but the front desk staff already had a room available for us!  I had called them from the airport to confirm our room and let them know of our early arrival,…",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
1842,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1845-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Great hotel, great location","Great hotel - stayed more than five times in the past year.  Location is excellent when flying in/ out of LHR - Heathrow Express connects directly to Paddington station and the hotel is part of it (no need to go outside and brave the rain and cold)  Many restaurants within walking distance - close to Kensington Gardens / Hyde park  Rooms are decent size, very clean Restaurant is ok for a hotel but not spectacular.  Overall, great hotel for a visit to London",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
1843,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1845-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Excellent value. Perfect location when travelling to, from and via London","Situated in a building connected to Paddington station, this Hilton is perfect for travellers coming from or going to Heathrow. The area is ""charming"", not too far from Marble Arch/Hyde Park.  Great staff.  Surprisingly good value for London hotels, which are usually grossly overpriced.",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
1844,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1845-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Acceptable but expected more,"Awesome location, decent property. Clean, etc.  On Check in no separate line for Gold members and there was a 20 minute waiting time.  On 2 occasions I tried to reach the front desk and room service and there was no answer on multiple tries. I had to wait a while, I guess they were too busy.  Rooms are nice but no outlets near bed in my room  Gym is small and limited",Date of stay: May 2016,3.0
1845,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1850-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,the only good thing is your are in train station,outdated and staff not friendly. The housekeeping are really focused on turning over guests and getting them out. Though I stayed 5 nights they banged on the door every single morning to get into the room though the do not disturb sign was on the door. The food is terrible do not order room service. Go eat anywhere else like Ya Hala the small lebanese place. Internet is really slow too.,Date of stay: May 2016,2.0
1846,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1850-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Has positives but terribly overpriced,"The hotel is centrally located, the rooms are well appointed, the breakfast very good and the wifi is good  On the negative side, the area around it is not wonderful, the staff are very surly and the pricing verges on the ridiculous (which is true for all Hiltons and London in general, so to be expected)",Date of stay: May 2016,3.0
1847,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1850-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,GWR Tower worth the upgrade,"Like many, chose the hotel for its convenience to Heathrow Express, so the visit was only for one night.  The staff is welcoming and efficient.  Upgraded to the newly renovated tower, so can only speak to those rooms.  As others have written, it is a bit of a maze to get your room, but once there, it is absolutely worth it.  Beautiful rooms, large enough, great bed and very good air conditioning which I had read was an issue is some of the older rooms.  Our rate (or Hilton Honors status) included breakfast in the Tower Executive Club, which was good and the club itself seems more tranquil than the larger facility on the main floor.",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
1848,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1850-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great Location,We chose this hotel because it is next to Paddington Station in London. The Heathrow Express train leaves from there and is only a 15 minute trip to the airport. There is also an underground station across the street with access to the est of London.,Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
1849,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1850-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Very handy location..,"This Hilton is more of a boutique style accommodation rather than an huge Hilton. It is a group hotel though and gets busy in the lobby and bar most of the time. But the service and attitude is there to provide your needs. The location that is in between 2 major tube stations and the hotel having direct access to the Paddington train station makes travelling or reaching your destination lot easier. This includes the Heathrow Express train option at your arrival and departure too. The surroundings of the hotel is a small version of London and you have all world cuisine to choose from. For daily exercise or pleasant morning and evening walks, you are just a block away from the Hyde park...",Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
1850,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1855-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Lacking on maitenance and if you get a North or East facing room expect to hear ambulances,"Could use some better up keep on touch up painting, putting drop cloth down when painting, remove splattered paint.  If your room in on North or East expect to hear ambulances running throughout the night.  If facing North expect to hear recycle truck come through dumping hundreds of bottles.    Great location, but was deprived some sleep.",Date of stay: May 2016,3.0
1851,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1855-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,True 4 star hotel close to Paddington,"If you are looking to stay in a nice, spacious  comfortable 4 star hotel close to Paddington this is the place to be.  When booking on line you might find a lot of hotels that claim to be 4 stars, but for me this is the only one.  The rooms are spacious, good for a couple with a working desk in case you need to. The bathroom, for me the greatest advantage, is large with a tube and large sink.  Mini Bar, ice machine in the floor, USB wall charger, robe are just some nice extra features that are provided.  Staff is nice and helpful and being almost inside Paddington station is priceless.  Wifi is quite expensive, GBP 12 per day, but with you are a HHonors member it is free, unless you book using a booking site.  ",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
1852,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1855-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Another great stay,"I stayed here for the second time for a conference. It was comfortable, clean and convenient. I had breakfast at the hotel and as before, it was very good with lots of varieties. The staff were polite and helpful. The meeting room was very good. I will gladly come back.",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
1853,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1855-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Currently finishing up a 10 day stay here...,"10 Days here. Small out dated rooms. I can hear the people to my side and above me pee.  Staff that don't care, food that sub par Not up to Hilton standards. If around $130-140 go for it. Any more then that move on to a better hotel.",Date of stay: May 2016,2.0
1854,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1855-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great location and good service,I chose the hotel for the location near the station which was great.  All the staff were very helpful.  I found the room too hot and it was difficult to sleep.  The street noise was also disruptive. We had drinks and dinner in the hotel. The meal was great but the drinks were very expensive £9.50 for a glass of champagne was reasonable but £6 for a small filter coffee was ridiculous. I would stay again but would probably not eat or drink there again.,Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
1855,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1860-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great Customer Service,"I am a Hilton Diamond member so I stay in a lot of Hiltons.  Upon checking into this hotel I was pleased to be upgraded to a two-room suite at the front of the hotel.    While the rooms were spacious unfortunately, we had a problem with the toilet that would not flush properly.  We reported it to the Front Office Manager who arranged for us to move to an even bigger suite that had two bathrooms with two working toilets.  I have stayed here four or five times previously and I have been a little critical in the past but my experience this time deserves a Five Star rating.  You can't beat the location and the price is good for London but the thing that makes the difference is the staff.  They are really good, well trained and it's obvious they value their jobs.",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
1856,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1860-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Fine, except for odd experience","Check in staff were lovely. The GWR tower room and lounge were beautifully appointed and well maintained, and the attendant was friendly.  The reason I can't give a top recommendation to this hotel, though, happened the morning I checked out. It was around 10:30, and I was in my room, as check out was at noon and I was planning to leave for the airport a little before 12. I had the ""do not disturb"" sign on the door handle. I heard a knock at the door, and then before I could get up to answer it, suddenly someone barged into the room! She wasn't housekeeping, she had a stack of papers in her hand. She said, ""I'm sorry, I didn't know anyone was in here!"" which seems odd, given that I hadn't checked out yet and the ""do not disturb"" sign was clearly displayed. No longer feeling at…",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
1857,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1860-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,If the rate is less than £150 consider it,"I paid £130 on an advance rate.  At this price point it was a solid choice.  Though the check in line was long.    The room was on the 6th floor, relatively small, clean and very quiet - inside room, overlooking the station.  Shower was powerful and as hot as needed.  Internet was relatively quick - quick enough for a video call with some loss of quality.  Bed was firm and comfortable and I got a great night of sleep.    I did not do breakfast, line was too long.  When I got back line was gone.    You are right on top of Paddington station, Heathrow express and multiple bus routes.  Very central.  Little Venice and nice dining options are a short walk away.  The immediate area around the station is a little drab in places, however it can't be described as sketchy in anyway.     …",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
1858,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1860-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Best option for ease of access from Heathrow. Good value for price.,I'd stay again just for the great location - connected directly from its back door with a covered pathway to the train station. Staff helped carry my bags to the station and get Heathrow Express tickets. Seamless connection. Excellent service. Especially Mario and another gentleman at the concierge were so friendly and helpful. They have Heathrow Express schedule on the screen at the concierge to help you check the best train on schedule for your flight.  One thing needs to be improved is the bathroom. I had to call and asked someone to fix the bathtub because the drain was clogged. That's pretty annoying because the last thing you want is to have dirty water fill up soaking your feet when taking a shower.  Also a bit damp smelly bathroom when I first walked in. Most likely due…,Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
1859,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1860-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Not much honor in HiltonHonor,"My work put me in this Hilton: expensive enough but the complimentary WiFi fails in comparison with that of a Motel 6. First two days were filled with meetings in Hilton rooms: WiFi was poor there too. For what we're paying for sleeping and meeting rooms, I expect WiFi that does not require a new login after 10 or 15 minutes' inactivity. I must agree with other reviewers: OK hotel, but not a great value for the money.",Date of stay: May 2016,3.0
1860,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1865-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Excellent experience,This is one of my favorite places to stay in London.  The hotel is always immaculate and the staff is always friendly and professional.  The rooms are comfortable and you could not ask for a better location.  Being located directly above Paddington station makes this an ideal place to stay if you're looking for convenient commute options and plenty of local dining options.  The rooms are always clean and comfortable and the staff is very attentive.,Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
1861,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1865-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Not even average,"Bad.  Really really bad.  The only redeeming factor is that it is literally on top of Paddington station and the Heathrow Express.  It was, by far, the most expensive hotel our entire trip and it was, again by far, the worst hotel we stayed in.  The decor is outdated.  The service is average, at best.  I'm trying to think of something else nice, but I really can't.  Now that I know how good Uber is in London, there is no need to stay so close to the station.  Will NOT be staying there again.  Not a good value.  Not a good hotel.  Not sorry.  Which is too bad, because I normally like the Hilton brand.  Oh well.  Paddington - do better.",Date of stay: May 2016,1.0
1862,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1865-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great hotel in a great location,Convenient to Heathrow using Heathrow Express. Underground station of circle and district lines just steps away. Great service and a very good restaurant on property. Be sure to stay towards back of hotel. A nearby nightclub (we think it was a nightclub) was loud during Saturday evening of our stay.  ,Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
1863,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1865-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Surprisingly quiet as our room overlooked Paddington Mainline station,"A most convenient location for anyone arriving/departing through Paddington Station which of course serves London Heathrow Express services. Our room was at the back of this imposing and well renovated ""grand dame"" of great railway hotels in London and we would never have guessed that we were literally overlooking the main station, The one criticism was that the coffee served at breakfast was unpalatable which was a shame considering the quality of the buffet selection.",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
1864,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1865-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"OK hotel, but not a great value for money","While the upgraded room was nice and above average, the overall quality of the hotel is below what I would expect for the price paid of a Hilton. Hilton price, Ibis quality common areas. The lobby is quite outdated. My room was overlooking a street that was quite loud all night, so sleeping was difficult.",Date of stay: May 2016,3.0
1865,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1870-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Don't bother - they don't,You check in on line and then have to do it all again on arrival The on arrival order arrives 90 minutes late after youve gone to bed The towels are threadbare The promised loyalty programme upgrades font happen Very disappointing  ,Date of stay: May 2016,1.0
1866,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1870-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Location is the only thing going for it.,"I am a Hilton Honors member so I am chagrined that I had such a disappointing experience. It started with check in where I was rushed through without a greeting or any explanation of the wifi, etc. Of course the wifi connection wasn't straightforward and I had to log back on frequently. I've never arrived at my room to find the television on. Well, it's creepy, especially if you are traveling alone. Believe me I did a careful search to see if anyone was there. Then when I took a shower my bathroom flooded. I called housekeeping and they said they'd send someone. I was working in my room and it was over an hour before someone came. But wait there's more. At 10:30 p.m. someone tried to enter my room repeatedly. I jumped out of bed and looked through the peep hole. It was another…",Date of stay: May 2016,2.0
1867,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1870-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great location!,I stayed here the night before flying home the next day.  During my short visit I used the Fitness Room and Executive Lounge and found both to be fine.  The staff is very friendly and the whole place had a happening vibe.  Taking the Heathrow Express in the morning was a breeze too!,Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
1868,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1870-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Very convenient London base,"I stayed for two nights, 20-22 March 2016, for business.  The Hilton London Paddington has the tremendous advantage that the Heathrow Express non-stop train service from London Heathrow terminates here, literally, in this hotel. The proximity of the hotel to Paddington Station also means that there are pleanty of shopping options, including late-night eating options, and ""open late"" supmarkets very close by. Of course, the proximity to Paddington Station also provides access to overland trains and the London tube (underground) network.   The hotel staff are extremely friendly, and very efficient at assisting with pre-check-in enquiries by email. Additionally, membership in the Hilton Honors loyalty programme is acknowledged.  The hotel has two ""branches"": a modern and more…",Date of stay: March 2016,5.0
1869,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1870-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Typical Hilton with a Plus,Directly connected to Paddington station. You can take the Heathrow Express and be at the airport in less than 20 minutes. Quiet rooms with all the usual Hilton amenities.  Excellent breakfast included with some rates.,Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
1870,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1875-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great Location/Value/Hotel Experience,"I rated this as an excellent for the amazing value that we received at this very good hotel. We got a AAA rate and stayed in a Tower room (ask for high floor). The room could have been a Four Seasons, as the Tower rooms were recently renovated. The bed and bath rooms were generous size for London. Also, being in a Tower room entitles you to free full breakfast, tea and cocktail hour in the 7th floor lounge. The location is also wonderful--walking distance to Hyde park and across the street from the Paddington Station. The Bakerloo line is currently not stopping at Paddington (due to repairs). This was a slight inconvenience. We will definitely return to this hotel.",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
1871,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1875-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great location for Heathrow peeps,This is a very nice Hilton with an updated feel and look to it. Best of all if you are coming into London from Heathrow is that it is a 5 minute walk from train to reception - which if you have a lot of luggage is splendid. Would definitely stay here again especially if I get the rate I got for this stay. ,Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
1872,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1875-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Weekend visit,"Great service, lovely big and comfortable room. Right on Paddington train station so convenient. Great value. Had a lovely 3 course evening meal and breakfast included and would definitely stay there again. Could not fault it. Room was spacious. ",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
1873,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1875-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Surprised," This is out second straight year staying at and hosting an event at the Hilton Paddington.  The staff is the best in the business, and my room in the new tower was wonderful.  Would highly recommend for both business and personal travel.!!!!!!",Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
1874,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1875-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Steam bar admission,This hotel would of got full rating if it wasn't for our evening shock! We came back to the hotel after a lovely night and thought we would have drink at hotel! As  it was on site we thought this would be part of our stay but to our disbelief the reception said one of us could get in free but the other had to pay £20! When I questioned this in the morning nobody seemed to know why! I think all bars on hotel premises should be available to guest if they could sort this our stay would have been perfect!,Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
1875,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1880-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Amazing,"Relaxed environ, clean rooms,peaceful. The only thing I would crib about is that kitchen closes early. I have been to other hotel chains where room service kitchen remains open either 24x7 or at least till 0300am. Would prefer the same with hilton. But otherwise a very good stay. Loved it. The staff was very professional and helpful:)",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
1876,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1880-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Very good but expensive,"Overall very impressed with this hotel. Check in was done with the Hilton app before arrival which meant I could choose my room... This was a nice touch. Hotel is well situated at Paddington station so ideal for tube, train or Heathrow express. My room was quite spacious, by London  standards (rooms are usually smaller in period buildings like this). Despite being at a train station my room was very quiet. Visited exec lounge, good choice of savoury snack foods, hot and cold, coffee, tea, soft and alcohol drinks. Breakfast this morning was good... Good choice of breakfast food and good service. My only gripe would be that breakfast started at 6:30am not 6am so a little rushed due to my agenda for the day but that's only a tiny grumble. Checkout was very easy indeed. All in all a…",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
1877,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1880-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Excellent stay,"Over all very satisfied with my stay at this Hilton. Clean rooms, good service, polite staff and quality breakfast. Would recommend it to other travellers. Also falls in an affordable range giv3n the brand name and it Hilton has never failed to impress-this was no different.",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
1878,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1880-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Good but pricey,"I stopped off for a very late lunch, prior to catching a train at Paddington.  The actual lunch-hour had ended so we were directed to dine in the bar-lounge.   This was fine as the room is well laid-out and the atmosphere was good, and fairly businesslike.   My colleague and I chose meals from the bar menu - he had a regular meal and I had a club sandwich.  Both were very good; well cooked and presented, and just what we needed at that time of the day.   It is, however, a pricey place to eat/drink which is probably because of the elegant (and very quiet and calm!) surroundings. Overall it was worth the cost to enjoy the peace and quiet, and also the good service. (As we I didn't stay overnight, I can't comment on the rooms/sleep quality.)",Date of stay: May 2016,3.0
1879,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1880-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Perfect Location,"After a long flight from the states and the Heathrow Express into town, this property is at the Paddington Station and perfect to prepare for work or fun. Friendly up to speed reception staff who understand that the ""Yanks "" are tired and need an ale and a bed.",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
1880,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1885-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Suprised from a hilton hotel,Hood rooms.average variety on breakfast selection.they could do better with the way they place their buffet as a vegetarian  or a muslim person seeing the same tongs handling pork or meat and the same time handling the veg well...... but thats just my opinion.their waiting staff could do with more friendly approach to the clients.at least a smile.it doesnt cost anything. Wifi in almost all the hotels around the world is free.couldnt even access the net unless you join some funny application. All in all thinking twice of staying in the same hotel,Date of stay: April 2016,3.0
1881,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1885-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Convenient and comfortable,"Hilton Paddington is in an excellent location for the traveller, whether business or pleasure.  The GWR Tower rooms and lounge offer a peaceful and comfortable environment for the discerning guest.  I would recommend this hotel as a perfect venue for a stay in London.  It offers excellent access to all of the London highlights through its proximity to Paddington underground station.  It provides a welcome haven after a busy day of work or play.",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
1882,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1885-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Don't have a cup of tea here!,Popped into the Hilton Hotel at Paddington Station before catching a train for a glass of wine and a cup of tea....  My advice don't...a small pot of breakfast tea costs £5.40 and a 175 ml glass of wine was £5.75. The wine I can understand - but the tea??? A complete rip off!,Date of stay: May 2016,2.0
1883,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1885-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Toobusy to provide treatment,"This hotel is one of my favourites.  The location is perfect for a traveller to London - business or pleasure, the quality of every aspect is normally great, but on this occasion I felt like everything and everyone was so busy that they forgot to provide adequate care and attention to the customer.  Everyone was scurrying around attending to a multitude of issue that it was easier to say ""No, I 'm terribly sorry, but we can't ....."" rather than the normal service levels we are used to.   Hopefully this was only a temporary situation.  Still a great place to stay.",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
1884,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1885-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Bonus ..,"Stopped in the lovely hotel for one night, excellent room with comfortable beds, we went for breakfast in the executive lounge but found it very busy and the hot items seemed very limited, so we left and went to the main dining area, breakfast in the main dining area was very nice, giving a great choice. Lovely staff throughout the hotel.  We will return.",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
1885,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1890-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Avoid if you can,"The only good thing about this hotel is that it is located right in Paddington station and across the street from the tube. So it is convenient when you arrive into London on a train from Heathrow. Otherwise, it is a very old, outdated hotel with dark smelly rooms. A worst Hilton i have stayed in.",Date of stay: April 2016,2.0
1886,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1890-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,From Heathrow to Hilton in 20',"The best thing about this hotel that is the closest to Heathrow Airport, just a 15' ride on Heathrow Express without having to go outside and face the London weather. Then you have access to the railway station as well as the tube station just across. I first visited the hotel soon after it opened and I loved it, this proximity convenience is simply unbeatable. Now however, the hotel shows its age and a refurbishment would make it more upmarket.  The rooms vary, I have stayed in large and smaller rooms but are unremarkable.  Some nuances from time to time, last time the air-conditioning did not work. On another occasion, I found out that during the weekend the hotel is populated with party goers from around UK who had come for a disco at the basement and were making big noise at…",Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
1887,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1890-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Excellent hotel,We stayed at the hotel for 2 nights when I ran this years London marathon. The hotel is in an excellent location for public transport and has excellent facilities. The rooms are very spacious and clean. We ate breakfast in the hotel restaurant and there was a very good choice of food and although the restaurant was busy we didnt have to wait long to be seated. Will definitely be staying at this hotel in the future.,Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
1888,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1890-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Good stay if you can get a good rate,"Good stay and location if you get a good rate but can be very pricey. Staff, rooms and food generally good. Quite a lot of competition around and although it's handy for Heathrow it's not exactly central. ",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
1889,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1890-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Expensive but worth it,"The location in the Paddington station is perfect for an early flight from Heathrow. Our room was much above the ordinary hotel room. More of a business hotel  than one for holidays, as it is more efficient than charming.",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
1890,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1895-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Good hotel,"Paid for an upgrade to the Tower block - this was the second time I had stayed at the hotel and paid for an upgrade. Room was large, modern, comfortable and clean. Overlooked the laneway leading down to Paddington station, but the room was quiet and I was unaware of the people outside.   Executive lounge is not the best I have been in. Limited range of food (and the hot food was at best warm) and drinks.   Would continue to use is hotel.",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
1891,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1895-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Tower room refurb brilliant,"The new tower rooms are very comfortable with brilliant bathrooms- huge free-standing baths and separate large monsoon showers, walk in wardrobe, large windows and large LCD TV. the staff at Paddington Hilton are very attentive. ",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
1892,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1895-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Trip to London,I have stayed at this Hilton in the past a really like it because of the location but most importantly due to it being located at Paddington Station which means I can take the Heathrow Express from the airport directly to the hotel without having to get in a taxi.,Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
1893,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1895-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Just fifteen minutes from Heathrow,I find this hotel to be very convenient when traveling. It is at Paddington Station in London and the convenient Heathrow Express Service to the airport in just a short and easy walk away. I have stayed here several times and the rooms are clean and quiet despite its location. Because of its location it is a busy hotel and the Lobby is usually full of people meeting on business. I have used it in the past as a meeting location as it is easy  to get to. One word of warning; the Bakerloo platforms are temporarily closed while preparing for CrossRail. When finished Paddington will be remarkably well connected to just about anywhere in central London. Yet the rooms are oases of calm and quiet.,Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
1894,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1895-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Convenient,"I was pleasantly surprised that the Hotel was right at the end of the Station and I could rest sooner after a tiring trip. My room, 252, was a corner room with a single window looking on to a roof, needless to say, the view was not very pleasant, I was just too tired to ask for a change and I wasn't going to spend much of my daytime in the room anyway. That said, the room was large and very clean. So was the bathroom. The carpets in the room and corridors looked a bit tired to me. Staff were very nice and helpful. Breakfast was also very good. Room service tended to be pricey so I avoided it. I would stay again but certainly not in room 252.",Date of stay: May 2016,3.0
1895,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1900-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Adequate stay,"We arrived in the a.m., well ahead of check in time, and the hotel was accommodating and got us into our room right away.  Upon arriving to the room, it was very hot, so we turned on the air conditioning. After 4 hours, it was no cooler.  They sent up maintenance, and he was able to get it cooling, but the systems are old and did not really cool off enough until the next morning.  However, the staff was excellent, and the concierge was able to loan us some plug adapters as we had forgotten ours.  Breakfast was fine, typical Hilton.  We are diamond Hilton members, so internet and breakfast was included.  We did not eat dinner at the hotel.  The hotel is accessible from Paddington Station, which was an easy train ride from Heathrow Airport.",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
1896,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1900-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Spacious rooms, good service, good location","We booked a queen suite, which was very spacious - king bed in one room and enough space for a sofa bed and trundle bed in the other room, large entrance hall area, two very nice bathrooms, plenty of space...no view but so what. Room was very close to the lift yet we didn't get noise from foot traffic.  When we arrived there were an inordinate amount of people in the checkin line (30 maybe?) but luckily I had checked in online the day before so the lady working outside the executive lounge could check us in and we didn't have to wait.  Hotel is really lovely and gracious, our room was spotless, friends staying at the same time had a tower room which was obviously smaller than our suite but very nicely decorated.   Housekeeping did a great job and everyone we encountered,…",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
1897,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1900-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Next to Tube & Heathrow Express, but week Wi-Fi signals in my room!","I stayed in this classical Hilton property in late April for one night.  [1]  Check-in The check-in line is long when I arrive at about 6pm.   Luckily, since I am a Diamond member, I am told that I would go straight to their Executive Lounge at the lobby level for check-in.  Thanks also for upgrading my room to an Executive Room, 101, with the access to Executive Lounge.  [2]  Room This room has a high ceiling.  Though it is at 1/F and facing the road, I do not hear any traffic outside.  The room has a very good and comfortable King bed, and a relatively big bathroom with both the standalone shower and the bathtub.  However, the Wi-Fi signal inside my room is very bad and I can hardly connect either my smartphone or laptop to the internet.  Luckily, there is an Ethernet…",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
1898,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1900-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Fantastic- great location and amazing beds.,"Really fantastic.  Great bed, clean, quiet, amazing location, easy to get to from LHR and the city.  Room service is so so, but there are a ton of close by options that are better anyway- the restaurants downstairs are good as are the pub in Paddington and others a few blocks away on the street.  Great parks nearby to walk to and around, easy rail access and tube, obviously.",Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
1899,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1900-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,old world luxury,"Terrific location with an easy express train to the Heathrow airport and near the stop on the tourist hop on -hop off double-decker bus as well as the public transportation this old time luxurious hotel has everything going for it: great rooms, extremely comfortable beds, unbelievable even for Hilton breakfast selections and great service.",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
1900,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1905-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Good Base for London,"We stayed here for two nights while visiting London. We wanted to be close to Hyde Park and Kensington but also to get to Oxford Street easily. This place fitted the bill nicely.  Check in was efficient and the room was a good size with a good selection of toiletries. Tea and coffee in the room plus a mini bar, iron, hairdryer and tv. so everything catered for.  The hotel is part of the original railway offices for Paddington Station, so sits above the end of the main platforms and the entrance to the underground is immediately across the road.   We often use Hilton hotels when travelling, and this one reflects well compared to some of the older properties in London that are still in use. We would have no problem using this particular venue again.",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
1901,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1905-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Second Time Not A Charm,"This was my second time in the hotel because it is so convenient to Paddington Station. Just get off train and three minutes later you're at the front desk. Brilliant! My first time was fine, nothing special, but still loved the convenience. This time was stunning, in no small part because their was a pile of food on the floor on my hall. Remains from breakfast were still clumped on the carpet. Just the food. This was shortly after I checked in and it was still there hours later (with cleaning carts on the floor). This hotel could use some refurbishment and I hope that's in the future, because these beds were abnormally hard. I think it would be worth the inconvenience to stay in Mercure or Indigo the next time. Finally, upon check in when I tried to give clerk my Hilton Honors…",Date of stay: May 2016,2.0
1902,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1905-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Lacklustre, discourteous staff...","Just popped in for breakfast to start my walking holiday before I head off to Cornwall. On arrival I enquired if breakfast was served to hotel guests only. I was informed it was open to the general public and that there was a choice of either a buffet or a la carte. I chose the latter and was greeted with a smirk as if I had somehow made an incorrect choice (silly me!). After 20 minutes of being seated an apathetic waiter approached and I ordered a cup of tea and scrambled eggs with smoked salmon. When the tea arrived I was given green tea (not a problem, these things happen). I asked if this could be changed for breakfast tea but was taken aback when I was informed this was my mistake and that I shouldn't have ordered a green tea! The underlying feeling was that the staff…",Date of stay: May 2016,1.0
1903,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1905-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Love the Art Deco rooms,Get room sizes. Had to catch an early train from Paddington so this hotel was perfect. For a busy part of London there was no traffic noise. Rooms clean large airy space to relax and friendly and helpful staff. ,Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
1904,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1905-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Lovely hotel and right at the train station!,"I decided to stay at the Hilton London Paddington to catch the early Heathrow Express. After reading Trip Advisor I wondered if it would be all right and yes, it's fine. It’s a lovely hotel. Art Deco in style with really good décor and amenities, my room is clean and well appointed. The toiletries are Peter Thomas Roth – excellent. I’m enjoying being here. For the past nearly 2 weeks I’ve been in London and also Nottingham and stayed in contemporary somewhat high tech hotels. Neither could compare with this Hilton and were more expensive. I also had tea in the Brasserie this afternoon and the scones are among the best I’ve had in the U.K. (I’m not sure if they were made at the hotel or not, but they were delicious.) The registration staff and also the concierge desk have been…",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
1905,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1910-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Disappointed -  Ants in a high priced suite,I had stayed at this hotel before primarily because of its proximity to Paddington Station to board the Heathrow Express.  I stayed in Room 590 which is a tri-level suite.  Very nicely apportioned room and private terrace .  When I returned from dinner I observed probably 40 ants exploring on the desk and dresser-- no I hadn't left any food out .   I had to wait for over an hour for someone to come to spray.  Upon my departure the next morning I asked the concierge to hold a package for me that a friend of mine (who is a London Police officer ) would pick up on in 48 hours .  He refused and said it was against policy .  I truly had hoped for quite a bit more for £505.00 per night .,Date of stay: April 2016,2.0
1906,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1910-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great hotel for a quick stay in London,"Basic small hotel room with an outdated feel. Carpet could do with a change. However the location is excellent. If you will be out all day,  and just need a clean bed to put your head on then this is the hotel for you. It is very expensive for what you get, but they are taking advantage of the location.",Date of stay: March 2016,3.0
1907,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1910-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Quick stopover,"We booked the Hilton at Paddington whilst visiting London for the Jeff Lynne's ELO concert at the 02 - As we travel from Plymouth into Paddington by train, the location is perfect. Of the train, up the escalator and you arrive. Love this place. Still maintains a lot of character. Rooms are always clean and well kept. Check in staff are always friendly. The only thing which i don't understand for a major hotel in the capital, is the bar. We arrived back at the hotel from the 02 just before midnight and was very keen for a drink in the bar. Unfortunately, they'd just cleaned everything up, but we did manage to persuade the barman to let us have a drink. Anyway, still a great hotel and reasonably priced for location. Will stay there again.",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
1908,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1910-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great little hotel,The hotel was great. Very clean and some nice Art Deco touches.  I have no complaints really apart from the slow service in the lobby area and the fact that the bar itself was closed on a sunday so you had to drink in the lobby with the slow service! Choice at breakfast was very good too. Oh and you had to pay for wifi in the room but it was free in the lobby! What's that all about?! Wifi should be free everywhere this day and age especially in a Hilton Hotel..... Paddington tube station was literally right across the road and you can access the train station from the hotel itself. There are a line of taxis outside the hotel all the time too.,Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
1909,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1910-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Problems checking in,"When I arrived at the hotel on Monday, the reception staff and duty manager had no record of my reservation, despite me having a printout of the booking confirmation and reference number. I had to pay again. Apparently this was because I had booked online at a weekend and through a third party (Trivago and then a travel agent). The staff at the hotel had no knowledge of the travel agent and I was informed that I should not have booked through Trivago. (The staff were even wearing ""Stop Clicking"" badges.) The matter was only resolved on the morning morning when the duty manager telephoned the travel agent, and I subsequently received a full refund. In total, sorting this out at the hotel wasted about an hour and a half of my time on Sunday. The (lack of) service provided can only…",Date of stay: April 2016,1.0
1910,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1915-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,only thing keeping it from getting 5 stars was the inflexible restraunt,"stayed their two different times on our trip - - the location cant be beat - - the personel with the exception of the downstairs restraint was very helpful and friendly - - the rooms are very nice - comfortable beds.   My problem was the ""lobby"" was packed -  we planned on meeting a dear friend for sandwiches - so we went to the main diningroom and were told that they only served meals and we would have to go order in the over crowded under staffed lounge.    We cant understand if you are paying people to staff a restraint -- and there is no one eating in that restraint - - why you wouldn't let people come in and order",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
1911,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1915-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,One of the better hotel experiences!,"Centrally located hotel, next to Paddington Station and tube line, Hyde Park mere blocks away, this hotel is ideal for a visit to London.  Room was spacious and clean, WiFi was complimentary and worked fine.  What makes this hotel exceptional though is the staff.  From check-in to check-out, everyone made sure all our needs were met, we were comfortable and enjoying our stay.",Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
1912,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1915-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Centrally located hotel with average service,We spend here one night with our six-year old boy. Our stay coincided with the London Marathon. We ordered a suite and an extra bed for our son in advance. But they forgot it. The hotel staff fixed that quite fast but anyways it is not the kind of attention to detail you expect from a hotel chain like Hilton. The breakfast room is small compared to the number of hotel rooms. We had to cue yesterday and wait about 15 minutes to be seated. The choice of breakfast options was rather modest compared to other Hilton hotels I've stayed in (could have been better considering the number of hotel guests attending the marathon).,Date of stay: April 2016,3.0
1913,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1915-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Shocking,We stayed here for one night as we went to the theatre the queen suite was ok the staff at the hotel was diabolical not very helpful apart from one girl in the executive lounge who was lovely friendly and nothing was too much trouble.. The tv in the living area were my girls slept was not working properly we paid for a movie which the quality was not worth watching and thankfully we were refunded the £8 back.... We had room service Sunday morning as my little girl was not well it took the 3 times to get our order right... I am really disappointed with this stay and will not be returning we stay in many of the hilton hotels and to be honest the service was really bad.. Really disappointed but Charlie and the choclart factory was superb shame about the hotel.. I am appalled. There…,Date of stay: April 2016,1.0
1914,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1915-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Overnight Stay,"Pleasant one night,The room very comfortable and clean wth very comfortable beds and clean bedding, Bathroom and Shower excellent. Used the bar and found it expensive for a beer. Location spoilt for choice for eating places with a variety of restaurants outside the front door.The train station backs on to the hotel and car parking approx 10 min walk to a secure NCP location All staff were very helpful.",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
1915,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1920-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Average,"Booked this hotel for a nights stay with my family who were visiting from Abu Dhabi, so we were spending a night and two days in London. We booked one big family suite that sleeps 4 and a double room. Prior to booking we contacted the hotel and asked for the rooms to be near eachother otherwise we would book elsewhere that would accommodate our needs. The hotel continued to tell us that would be possible. We booked the hotel and upon arrival at 5pm we were told our rooms were not ready, baring in mind check in is usually at 2pm. After waiting around for a while, rooms were finally ready however on two complete different floors!! We made it very clear we were not happy with this and the level of inconsideration they had towards us, and didn't even allow us to have the extra hour…",Date of stay: March 2016,3.0
1916,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1920-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Comfortable hotel, excellent location","Connected to Paddington Station, the hotel's location can't be beat for travelers arriving to and departing from Heathrow Airport. They had a nice room available for me when I checked in several hours early and as a Gold member with Hilton I was able to have breakfast in the executive lounge. The room was exceptionally large and well-appointed. Checking in and out were hassle-free.",Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
1917,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1920-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,convenient location,"We stayed st this hotel for 2 nights during a weekend visit in London. The hotel is located in short distance when You arrive with the Heathrow Express, so You do not have to go outside to enter the hotel. Also the shopping area around Piccadilly are within a short taxi drive from the hotel. Ver y friendly and helpfull personnel.",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
1918,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1920-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Ok,This hotel was nice but too expensive.  Lobby was lively However for the price paid I expected more. Found better hotels in the area where hospitality was better and not as expensive. Probably second choice for the area,Date of stay: November 2015,3.0
1919,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1920-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Definitely needs a renovation,"I chose this hotel based on the convenience to the Heathrow Express. So to this regard, the location was excellent.  However, everything about the hotel just seemed old, dated and a little bit shabby (not really acceptable given the price).   Breakfast was ok. But just no service. It was so difficult to even order a coffee. Food was fine - but uninspiring and off mediocre quality.  Room was dated and shabby. Bathroom seemed super old.   For location if I had to, would probably stay again, otherwise I wouldn't recommend.",Date of stay: March 2016,3.0
1920,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1925-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Best and most convenient hotel near Paddington,"The hotel is very nice and just a short walk from the station. There are plenty of hotels and Pubs near by. The only odd thing is that the restaurants and pubs are not staffed with Brits! They staff is very kind none the less.... At Sawyers on London Rd, there is a you Lithuanian bar tender/waitress who is awesome. It's worth going just just for her service...,",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
1921,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1925-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Endemic problems of quality and service ,"Sadly this hotel is ideal if you are traveling via Heathrow as it is adjacent Paddington station and the Paddington express trains that run every 15 mins. But this has clearly impacted service at this property as evidenced by the recurring reviews of problems with the rooms that are answered with a  ""this is not typical of our property ... Hope you stay again"". Problems with our room that remained unresolved despite calling down and waiting for someone to show up at 1 in the morning. This was compounded by the check out experience when I also reports the issues. The front desk staff made no apology and told me to wait for the manager who was busy dealing with another irate customer While waiting in line someone showed up to complain about their room.ball in a short 5-10 min…",Date of stay: April 2016,1.0
1922,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1925-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Credit card charges ,"Do not stay here!   I paid cash on check out for the room, yet the hotel have charged my credit card for the 1 night stay!   Check out is advertised for 12pm. I had several staff interrupt my packing from 11:00am wanting to clean the room, do mini bar etc.   I won't stay here again. ",Date of stay: April 2016,1.0
1923,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1925-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Disappointed...good location,"I was very disappointed with this hotel. I was expecting it to be much better since it is after all in London, UK. The room that I had smelled like cigarette,. Hotel was not well kept. The carpet was dirty. The view was awful. Do not accept a room in the 2nd floor unless you want to stare at roof of another structure. The location is good....because of the convenience to have the train station right there, if you are traveling in the UK by train, which I did. The reception desk personnel very nice and helpful.",Date of stay: April 2016,2.0
1924,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1925-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Paddington Hilton,"Without doubt, the most finely located hotel in my working experience, coming as I was from Botswana via Ethiopia to London to recruit international teachers at the hotel over a three day period. The staff were unfailingly helpful and the room very comfortable.",Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
1925,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1930-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Hilton Paddington London was a good choice,"Hotel was very nice, our package included breakfast and it was a good buffet. The concierge Mario was extremely helpful, trying to print our boarding passes and explaining the bus system to us.   Room was comfortable for our 2 night stay.  Convenient back passage directly into the train station, which also had shops and restaurants.",Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
1926,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1930-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel for family stay,"Convenient location from Paddington station, it's attached to Paddington station. The 4 of us were on Spring break and the Family suite booked was perfect, the kids shared a bedroom (felt like a living room) and we had the some privacy in the bedroom portion. Workout facilities were very nice, and breakfast in am was bang on. Not luxurious, but very clean and up to date, would stay again, easy access from Heathrow and very useful for our travel to Oxford.",Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
1927,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1930-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Mass but comfortable and convenient,"The hotel has a great location being attached to the Heathrow Express station and across the street from Paddington Station. It is also very walkable to restaurants. The Hilton restaurant is ""fine"" but nothing special. There is a Sainsbury's and Starbucks connected to the hotel. I find that the rooms get warm and the air conditioning struggles to keep up but this did not make me uncomfortable. Street noise can be a factor and you may want to consider this as you request a room.",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
1928,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1930-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,best place to stay if flying into Heathrow,"This was my 5th stay here. As always, it was quite good. The location is right outside of Paddington station, which is easily accessible via Heathrow Express. The rooms are very nice and have very comfortable, firm mattresses. It has a very nice breakfast in the mornings.  The only downside is the restaurant/lounge food....it is expensive and is not good. I often come in late and am too tired to go out for dinner, so i have tried almost everything on the menu. The other issue is Internet.  It is cheap enough that no one should have to pay extra for it.  I will however, return.",Date of stay: March 2016,5.0
1929,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1930-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Convenient and surprisingly roomy for London,"Super easy if you are coming in from Heathrow, and need to stay in London for a while before heading out to other destinations- you can go directly from the train station into the hotel. Skip the hotel breakfast and use the Starbucks right by the exit into Paddington Station.  Our room was quiet, and incredibly roomy (for 3 people- a family room) and not pricey at all.  I have stayed at similar properties with comparable prices and half the space.  Staff were gracious and accommodating, and let us get into our room early.",Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
1930,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1935-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,A very convenient place.,"We stayed overnight at this hotel, because we needed to travel to Heathrow. We chose it purely for convenience and being directly accessed via Paddington Station, this proved to be an excellent decision!  Our room on the fifth floor was clean and comfortable and despite other reports on this site, we found the heating to be ideal. We asked for a ‘quiet room’ and we were happy with the room allocated to us. The staff were courteous and professional at reception and in the restaurant.  We walked into central London (Piccadilly Circus) from the hotel which took 45 min. Our only issue was, as other users have mentioned, the cost of Wi - Fi, which we felt for a hotel of this standard ought to have been included in the price. Provided that we can obtain a reasonable deal in terms of…",Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
1931,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1935-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great location if you're flying in and out of Heathrow,"Three of us spent three nights here recently. We arrived at Heathrow with a lot of baggage (a film crew), so we took the Heathrow Express and wheeled our bags across the Station into the hotel. The rooms were a decent size, but don't waste your money on a suite. One of our party did, and it was no bigger than a standard hotel room. The breakfast (included in our rate) was above average. The hotel's location made it a good base to move around the city. One note - if your a man alone walking around the area in the evening you'll be solicited by prostitutes.",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
1932,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1935-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Not What I Expected From Hilton,"Having previously stayed at Hilton hotels, there is a level of expectation of comfort, service and quality, unfortunately the Hilton Paddington does not meet these.  The room's air conditioning didn't work making for a warm and uncomfortable sleep. Granted the street outside was busy, however considering this, it would have been expected that the windows would have blocked out some of this noise but they didn't, and come early morning I was awoken by the sounds of shouting and traffic. The bed was also quite tough and didn't feel particularly good quality.  Overall, it's location is very convenient next to Paddington station, however look at other hotels in the area.",Date of stay: April 2016,2.0
1933,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1935-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Typical Hilton Hotel ,"I'm not sure if the title is harsh, but this is exactly the same as every other Hilton I have stayed at - they definitely stick to the brand. My stay was fine, and for once the check-in was okay (this is a big improvement for me with Hilton's) Again though I was a bit disappointed with the staff, particularly the business centre reception and the concierge who lost a parcel I was expecting (it was eventually found an hour later by the people who had it all the time) - very disappointing that the customer was disregarded. I was also disappointed with the staff in the breakfast area who had me hanging about for no apparent reason, however, in fairness of the review the food was fine. Overall this is a decent hotel and the location is excellent  I would be back and recommend,…",Date of stay: April 2016,3.0
1934,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1935-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Not a good experience,"We were led to believe this to be a great historic building with many old features, we felt very misled. We arrived after a long flight and were shown to a room where the wardrobe wouldn't open, the tv didn't work, the air conditioning didn't work and it smelt of cooking. We complained to reception who then placed us into a much larger room which was in fact more comfortable. There were still issues with the second room, the furniture was dirty, the shower was too and I am afraid the whole experience was not a good one and we shall never use this Hotel again.",Date of stay: April 2016,2.0
1935,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1940-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Business hotel,"Feels more like a gas station rather than the typical Hilton hospitality feeling . Maybe because its right on the Heathrow express and the underground which is highly convenient. The lobby was small and crowded so there was a lot of interference at our business meeting . The Room was spacious and clean. The bath/ shower had little pressure but was ok. The room was warm maybe too warm , the climate control was on the noisy side so I had do switch it off in order to sleep. I would expect slippers where I usually find at the other Hilton hotels but again this is not a five star but a four star hotel . Breakfast was just ok , poor variety but decent . I would definitely come back , mostly because of convenience . Friendly staff and good service. Thank you again to the friendly staff…",Date of stay: April 2016,3.0
1936,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1940-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great hotel. ,"Reception staff  was great.  I was offered early check in which was nice as I had early business meeting.  Brasserie service was  excellent. Afternoon  lunch was great. I had great stay , comfortable bed overall it was good stay.  I will stay here again. ",Date of stay: March 2016,5.0
1937,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1940-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Good Business Hotel,"Couldn't be a better location if you need the Heathrow Express. Booked a Junior Suite via the Hilton Honors website at a good price - well worth the extra, for the bigger room, free WiFi and access to the Executive Lounge. Busy road but room in fifth floor was quiet. Great room service. ",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
1938,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1940-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great stay,"The location couldn't be better. The executive lounge was a bit small, but we always managed to find a place to sit. Breakfast was nice, but nothing special. The rooms were big and the bathroom spacious, we had a tub and a separate shower. The internet was annoying, but this is a hilton issue not limited to this hotel.",Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
1939,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1940-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,No air con ,The location of the hotel is good and the rooms quite spacious however is was really warm and the air con did not go cold  I rang down to reception and was sent a fan not really easy I would expect from Hilton  Staff on front desk a little snobby unless ur wearing a suite that is  I would say it's very pomp and they charge loads for mink bars and no free wifi unless u join members club  The good as average with service to match  ,Date of stay: April 2016,3.0
1940,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1945-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Not so good this time,My third visit here was not quite as good as the previous two. The air conditioning in the room turned to cool while I was out on a cold evening and on my return I found a freezing room and no way of making the temperature change. Fortunately a good hot bath and cosy comfortable bed meant I got through the night OK. Otherwise the usual high standards of decoration and good breakfast. I'll give it another chance whan I get the opportunity.,Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
1941,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1945-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,One of the worst Hilton stays,"My friend and I go to the theatre every year and stay at a Hilton. It's a shame about the building work in the station and the fact the baker logo line does not stop at Paddington. The hotel has been beautifully renovated very Art Deco. But the air conditioning does not work our room was hot when we checked in, I turned the fan up and the temperature down. At the end of the evening we walked into an oven! There was a function on so we could not get any assistance, we went to reception and they moved us to another room, but it took awhile for the A C to kick in, it appears they adjust it from reception! So why have the dial in the room? It was very uncomfortable, we could not cool down. The breakfast in the executive lounge was very disappointing. The bacon and scrambled egg had…",Date of stay: April 2016,2.0
1942,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1945-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,A nice hotel in a convenient location ,I had business near London and decided to spend the weekend. I booked on line and ended up with a very good rate.  The hotel is very conveniently located and can be accessed directly from Paddington Station. This is great if you travel into London on the Heathrow Express. The Paddington Underground station is directly across the road which makes it easy to explore London. Grab your Oyster  card and go!  My room was smallish but nicely decorated and had a queen bed. I found the staff to be helpful and knowledgable when I asked for restaurant recommendations or directions.   ,Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
1943,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1945-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Wonderful Hotel, Impeccable Service","I frequent this hotel for business, they have amazing service. Clean and crisp accommodations and ambience. Very attentive and hospitable. It is centrally located attached to the Paddington Train station in London. Breakfast, great. Business Lounge, great. Amazing management! ",Date of stay: May 2015,5.0
1944,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1945-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Highly Recommended ,"Everything we can find easily next to the hotel including underground train station, bars, restaurants, and also we can walk to Hyde Park in around 10 mins / bike in 5 mins. Staff are helpful and polite, definitely I will come back this hotel again in future !  ",Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
1945,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1950-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Perfect location,"The Hilton at Paddington Station is a beautiful old hotel in a great location.  If you're arriving into Paddington Station from the Heathrow Express you can access the hotel without going outside.  The location is very convenient to Hyde Park and some great walking to Kensington Palace and the Embassies.  The staff is very friendly and helpful and the room was comfortable.  For those with loyalty status on Hilton, you will have access to the executive lounge that serves drinks and appetizers at happy hour and a nice breakfast each morning.",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
1946,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1950-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great Location,Very easy to get to from the airport on the Heathrow Express.  A Hilton is a Hilton.  This hotel is located at the end of the line of the Heathrow Express and directly across the street from the Underground.  The Hop On Hop off bus is down half a block.  We used to stay at the Hilton at the airport but this one provides more ability to get around London itself.  We always have Exec Room with breakfast etc included.  WiFi is a must for us.,Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
1947,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1950-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Quality that you would expect for price,"Stayed here last week for a quick business trip to London. Hotel is directly connected to Paddington station meaning you can take Heathrow Express from airport, passage to hotel and not once step outside into the city. Would be a shame of course. Hotel staff was friendly and efficient and room was spacious for a historical building in central London. I enjoyed the breakfast in the hotel, well made omelet and hot brewed coffee. Would recommend if you need to be in Paddington area. Only complaint I would have is that the room was fairly loud - noise from street, noise from neighboring rooms. May have just been unlucky placement, not sure that it is consistent for all rooms.",Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
1948,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1950-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Breakfast is still terrible,"The Hotel itself is excellent in terms of design, location, facilities (gym) etc. However, the breakfast is still awful. This used to be common in Hotel Chains in London but there has been an improvement in many hotels, not in the Hilton paddington! Expect the same tasteless cheese, tasteless microwaved breads and rolls, worst kind of fruits, etc.",Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
1949,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1950-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Good stay,"I've stayed at this hotel on many occasions whilst on business. The lobby and bar are somewhat soulless, however you cannot beat this hotel for location, when coming from Heathrow. The walk from the HEx platform to reception is all indoor and takes a max of 3mins.  I was upgraded from a standard double to a deluxe double and this was a much more spacious room. I had a shower pre-dinner and the shower head split and soaked the entire bathroom. I mentioned this at reception as I was leaving to go for dinner. Upon my return a new shower head had been fitted, the bathroom floor dried and fresh towels replenished. Can't ask for more than that. Checkout was swift and easy. Will return based on location & in the knowledge I'll have a reasonable standard of service and a clean, well…",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
1950,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1955-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Amazing value for an excellent lunch,"Meeting a friend arriving at Paddington from Oxford we wanted a convenient location for lunch where there would be plenty of time to talk. We opted for the 'All you can eat' Indian food buffet at The Brasserie. Salads (especially the aubergine), samosas, pakoras and chutneys made a delicious starter. Rice and naans accompanied chicken, stuffed peppers, beans, paneer and various other mildly spiced hot vegetable dishes. Rice pudding with black cardamon and delicious jalabi were followed by our choice of tea and coffee, all for the very moderate price of £14.95! The staff all made us welcome and the chef even came and discussed the dishes with us. A perfect location for a delicious unhurried meal. Thank you.",Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
1951,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1955-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Great team, location & accomidations","The Hilton London Paddington (HLP) saved our family trip to London.  Our original apartment was a nightmare so we were searching for a place to stay over the Easter weekend.  The HLP saved the trip and everything from that point was wonderful.  Special shout out to Prasanna was the uber concierge and greeter.  Suggested some amazing restaurants like The Orangery for high tea, The Victoria Tavern for a real local British meal and Ya Hala for Lebanese.  The location outside of the Paddington Underground was perfect and unplanned.",Date of stay: March 2016,5.0
1952,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1955-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,No HHonors recognition - Broken Ice Machines - A Marginal Property,"I am loyal to the Hilton brand and this was my second stay at the Hilton Paddington. My last stay in 2015 was great as I upgraded to one of their new tower suites. This stay was much different. I also stayed at the Hilton Park Lane on this visit (see my review), and it was FAR superior to the Hilton Paddington.  This hotel obviously caters to individuals transiting Paddington Station and that is the reason we stayed there as well. But for an old historic Hilton property, the staff and accommodations are far from great. The staff never recognized my HHonors status or made any attempt to upgrade me -- the hotel's responses to other similar reviews make it clear that they care nothing about taking care of loyal HHonors guests due to their high occupancy rate.  Checkin was quick due…",Date of stay: April 2016,3.0
1953,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1955-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Average hilton with good location,Average hilton with excellent location. Just couple of minutes from Paddington train and tube stations. If you coming for a short stay from Heathrow and you are using Heathrow express - it will be excellent choice! ,Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
1954,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1955-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great Hotel & Extremely Convenient,The accommodations were great an you can't beat the location. It is a perfect hub for traveling all over London or anywhere in The UK as it is connected to Paddington Station. You can walk right out the door of the Hilton Paddington Station and be in the train station or the underground within seconds. The hotel staff was great and the room was very nice. I would highly recomend this hotel to anyone.,Date of stay: March 2016,5.0
1955,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1960-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,2 night transit,"We booked this for the convenient location for the Heathrow Express which in the end we didn't use because the first train is too late in the morning (05:25) for an early flight.  When we arrived in our room the air conditioning, safe and fridge were not working - we had to call the house maintenance twice to effect a repair and the WC made a hell of a noise when you flushed it!  We had one bar meal on the second night - probably the worst omelette I have ever tasted - couldn't eat it.  Staff were friendly enough but I will return to IHG in the future as I was really not impressed.",Date of stay: March 2016,1.0
1956,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1960-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Special experience,"I stayed for one night at the Hilton due to its proximity to Paddington and ease of getting to Heathrow. At check in my booking was easily retrieved (via booking.com) and my card charged. Nothing special, no real warmth from check in guy. I was allocated my room and off I went.   He did half heartedly ask if I wanted help with my luggage and I declined. I found the room easy enough though. I booked a double and got that...no complaints. The room was spacious enough for two people although I was traveling alone. The bathroom was also spacious. With an in bath shower which took me a while to figure out. Lol!   Electronic mini bar, safe and a closet with ironing facilities were also in room. Nice desk area with all plug points and mirrors for business or doing hair! Television in…",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
1957,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1960-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,The Towers Rooms are amazing!,"We booked in here for a two night stay - my partner and I are both Hilton regulars (both Diamond, but all our stays are for pleasure, not business) and wanted to try out the Towers Rooms.    Its like a hotel within a hotel.  After check in we made our way to the Towers Rooms - a little bit of a trek (but the hotel is rather large) but once there, its a haven of tranquility. The room was well appointed - great furnishing and lots of natural light. A beautiful bathroom and rather elegant furniture.    However, the plus factor is the fantastic Tower Lounge - accessible only by those staying in the Towers Rooms - and this lounge made a pleasant change from the regular Executive Lounges as it was quiet - bliss!  A good selection of complimentary cakes and snacks for afternoon tea and…",Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
1958,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1960-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Room for Improvement ,"My first stay at this particular hotel. I selected this hotel primarily for convenient location for Heathrow Express.  I entered hotel via the link from the station and noticed the lounge desk. I asked to check in at the lounge , which is quite normal practice at majority of hotels with lounges. The lady was somewhat reluctant but proceeded to check me in. I was not greeted in any special way as a Diamond member. I think that set the tone for the remainder of the stay.  I was offered no upgrade and offered a paid upgrade which I politely declined. This despite , rooms showing available on the website. The room I was offered was far too small and I asked for a change.  I attended reception , where I was greeted by Angeline. She was very welcoming , and courteous. She proceeded to…",Date of stay: March 2016,3.0
1959,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1960-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Fantastic place!,"First time in a Hilton,def would stop again,kids loved it,amazing buffet breakfast,staff really helpful & friendly,lovely surprise cake for my 50th Birthday! Restaurant was pricey though & I wouldn't pay £26 for the steak meal again,as nothing special,kids ate for free under 10 years,which was good.,would recommend a stay here",Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
1960,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1965-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Clean and convenient,"You can't beat the location for access to the Heathrow Express. Don't even have to go outside to get to Paddington. Rooms are a good size and extremely clean. Staff is friendly and helpful. Wifi isn't always free, which seems ridiculous, but c'est la vie.",Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
1961,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1965-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Hilton London Paddington Hotel,Wonderful clean roomy place where my wife and I felt so at home we hated to have to leave. Breakfast was delicious; room was absolutely 100% top notch in all ways; and the staff was totally helpful and made us feel important and very much at home there.,Date of stay: March 2016,5.0
1962,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1965-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Nice for business or travel,This is a great place to stay for business or travel.  Right on the train line and close to many attractions.  Staff is pleasant and professional!  The new wing is very nice and the executive lounge on the 7th floor is nice for those staying in the new wing.,Date of stay: March 2016,5.0
1963,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1965-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Lower your expectations, some bright spots","As a Diamond member I am normally treated pretty well at Hilton.  I have probably stayed at this particular hotel 50+ times over the years, since it was restored (maybe 1999 or so).  The pluses are that the rooms are decent size for London, and that you can roll right off the Heathrow express and go up the escalator to the hotel - very nice after an all night flight.   The problem is the front of the house staff are fairly nonchalant about whether you are there or not.  The wait staff at the Exec Lounge are very kind and friendly as are housekeeping.  Front desk folks though are not so much - very hit or miss.  The biggest problem with this hotel however is the heating/cooling.  in the winter there is only heat, and the windows open only about 4 inches, not enough to cool the…",Date of stay: March 2016,3.0
1964,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1965-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Well-kept lodging next to Paddington Station,"All levels of hotel staff demonstrate genuine concern for their guests.  The rooms are spacious, clean, and have comfortable, firm beds.  For those with early morning flights, you are next door to Paddington Station, extremely convenient.",Date of stay: March 2016,5.0
1965,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1970-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Poor amenities,"The staff are very friendly and accommodating but there was no soap on arrival, no ice in the ice machine, no subtitles facility on the TV and limited channels, cups and glasses were not replaces by the chambermaids and on 3 out of 4 occasions our newspaper was forgotten. Coffee ordered by room service arrived lukewarm. ~What a disappointment, this used to be a firm favourite.",Date of stay: March 2016,2.0
1966,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1970-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Location Perfect,Very comfortable stay at the Hilton in advance of taking the Heathrow Express. Hotel has two entrances - one to street and one to train station and tube. Was perfect for taking tube out to dinner and then catching the train the next day. Room is well accommodated. Bed very comfortable and despite being next to station very quiet. Reception was efficient but not warm and friendly - girl spoke to me about not getting points for the stay for some reason - couldn't make out most of it so gave up. Hotel is a beautiful old art deco building and the rooms have been furnished in keeping with this. Only one complaint - the breakfast is disappointing. Despite an egg station poached eggs need to be ordered from a waiter and took too long. Food in that bain marie were tepid and the cold…,Date of stay: March 2016,3.0
1967,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1970-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Quiet lunch,"Travel form and to Paddington constantly and the Hilton here is terrific.Always friendly with staff forever join the extra mile to help, recharge laptop, get newspaper,extra ketchup for chips. Today Ashwin was great,much appreciated.Have a Happy Easter,see you soon. Cheers Kevin",Date of stay: March 2016,5.0
1968,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1970-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Leisure visit,Excellent location. Connected to Padding ton station. You can easily push your luggage in to the hotel from the station. Nice pleasant receptionist and concierge. They let us check in early after a very busy and tiring flight. .,Date of stay: November 2015,4.0
1969,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1970-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,excellent value,"the last time i stayed here, we had a problem with my booking ,however the hotel went  out of their way to make up for it. i am a diamond card holder and was upgraded to a tower room a great room with separate shower confortable bed with decent pillows.the tower exec lounge was superb.",Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
1970,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1975-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Amazing welcome from Sarah!,","So it's not often I take time to write reviews but too be honest after the trip from ""hell"" getting into London Sarah's welcome at reception was nothing short of brilliant. Her smile, attitude and willingness to have a real conversation was a credit to the company. Well done Sarahand thank you😀",Date of stay: March 2016,5.0
1971,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1975-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great location to catch the Heaththrow Express,"We stayed here one night as we were traveling the next am to Heaththrow and this hotel is directly connected to the Paddington National Rail Station where you catch that train. You walk directly into the station from the hotel. Also the tube station is just right outside the door so that's a great place to connect to other tube stops. We had 2 rooms and in both the ac did not work very well. One of our rooms  you could not turn the air completely off and it was blowing hot air all night. After calling the desk 3 times about it, just gave up and opened the window. Did not have breakfast there as there are all kinds of places to eat at the train station. Restaurants are all around the area as well. Our room was clean and spacious as well as the bathroom. Beds were very…",Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
1972,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1975-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great hotel,"Great hotel next to Paddington station.   Comfortable, spacious, rooms with bath and shower. An excellent breakfast. Nice bar.   Staff are friendly and helpful.   Have stayed there twice in the past month and would definitely recommend as a great place to stay. ",Date of stay: March 2016,5.0
1973,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1975-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,May be the best place for the price point to stay in London.,"London is an expensive city, usually the hotel rooms are either way too tiny or very over priced.  I found that the Hilton Paddington was a perfect compromise.  This hotel is literally located at the train station and directly next to the tube stop that accesses several tube lines.  Tons of nearby restaurants and a great location for ""home base"" to explore this great city from.  The staff was very nice and helpful during my stay.  The room was well appointed, fresh, and enjoyable to stay in.  The beds were comfortable and they provided bottled water for free.  The WiFi is not free and this should be changed.  There is ZERO reason for luxury hotels to charge for what everyone else provides as part of the cost today.  The speed was not any better than any other location.  You are…",Date of stay: March 2016,5.0
1974,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1975-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Cant beat the location/convenience,Have been stuck in London traffic once too many times traveling to or from the airport.  Enjoyed paddington express to and fro Heathrow and getting off to lots of conveniences and a walk hotel.  No taxi and catch tube to all of london.  Large room!,Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
1975,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1980-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Wonderful Hotel and Great Location,"We stayed in the Queen Hilton Suite.  It is a beautiful, comfortable and spacious room.  The staff was very friendly.  A special thanks to Sarah at the front desk who went out of her way to make sure our stay was as pleasant as possible.  She provided outstanding customer service.  The hotel is right next to the Paddington Station which makes it easy and convenient to get around.  I would definitely stay here again.",Date of stay: March 2016,5.0
1976,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1980-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Spring Break London,Superb location with easy access to trains. Easy check in and check out process. Friendly staff. Excellent concierge service. Carpets and drapes a bit rundown for a Hilton. Overall excellent value for money.,Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
1977,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1980-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Different Experiences at Different TImes,"I have stayed here maybe 3-4 times in the last 12 months.  I used to stay at the Hilton Green Park or Hilton @ Trafalgar when I come into town but now that I am traveling from further away these days (Trans continental now, within Europe previously), I like the Hilton Paddington due to the easy access.  I fly straight in from Heathrow (LHR) and get on the Heathrow Express and in 15 minutes I am at Paddington station with a 5 minute walk through the station and into hotel.  It's convenient after traveling for 12+ hours!  Last thing I want to do is deal with the tubes or other public transit. First time I stayed here, it was great - it was maybe 1 year ago.  I had a GWR Tower room. Updated to better power outlets, more modern decor and newer features / furniture etc.  Bathroom is…",Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
1978,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1980-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Lovely Hotel, Great location!",This hotel is located with direct access from Paddington station. So when you get off the Heathrow express you walk straight into it. It is great not to need a taxi! It has an impressive front exterior as well. The rooms are nicely decorated and comfortable. Staff friendly. Some nice restaurants near by and Starbucks and the Paddington bear shop as you walkout the the door to the station. We didn't have the breakfast but will do as I will be staying here twice in the next couple of weeks.,Date of stay: September 2015,5.0
1979,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1980-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Very convenient ,"Lovely Hilton right inside Paddington station. So handy for train commuting - staff were all really helpful. Gym was small but decent enough. Got my room ungraded on arrival which was nice - room facilities were really good. Robe,slippers etc. would stay again for sure!! ",Date of stay: March 2016,5.0
1980,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1985-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Excellent Hotel in Most Convienent Location,"I recently stayed at the Hilton London Paddington for one week. The hotels location is directly adjacent to the Paddington Overground and Underground rail station making it easy to access all areas of London very economically. Great location for business and sight seeing trips. My room in the Towers Section of the hotel was newly renovated, spacious, and very comfortable. The bed was great, the bathroom shower areas excellent, and the work desk very functional. The staff at the Hilton London Paddington was terrific. From my check-in to check-out the staff was courteous, professional, and friendly.  They recognized me as a Hilton Diamond Member and were always available to answer any questions I may have had. Special recognition to Guest Relations Manager Rakesh Singh, Duty…",Date of stay: March 2016,5.0
1981,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1985-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Enjoyable Stay - But wifi changes,"Everything about the Hilton remains generally good, however the in room wifi is no longer free. The staff say there's free wifi in the lobby, but the lobby is always packed with business people and conference attendees. Most major hotels provide free wifi, so for Hilton this is a real step backwards.",Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
1982,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1985-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great hotel perfect location,"We stayed this March for a leisure weekend in a Family superior room we are three friends, It was fantastic, we had plenty of space in the room for luggage. The staff was really friendly and helpful. Breakfast is really great wether you like english or continental, the variety of food is great. Being able to access Paddington station from the same hotel makes it a plus too.",Date of stay: March 2016,5.0
1983,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1985-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,SOLID BUT NOT SPECTACULAR,"The hotel is well positioned with everything you would need. On the pro side it is extremely well positioned & close to the train station, as well as the underground. Also useful having the shops, areas to eat right there and being able to walk down to the Heathrow Express if you are going to the airport.  Cons - a bit dated in places and TV channels are disappointing as there are no sports channels or CNN! Booking the hotel - could you make it any more difficult, in this day & age, not being able to change/amend your booking online through your website is pathetic!",Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
1984,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1985-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Good service and room,"Booked in for two nights in a twin executive room on International Rugby weekend. Room was spacious and very well presented. toiletries were plenty and an excellent hospitality tray for teas coffees etc. Our stay included access to the executive lounge on the lobby level. This was an oasis of calm in a very busy area. I must give a big shout for Szilvia who kept the lounge going during happy hour in the evening. She did not stop or slow down, from greeting guests and clearing tables to keeping the bar topped up and the nibbles supplied. Extremely pleasant and professional. My only slight grumble was that the bed mattress was probably passed its best but a minor grumble in a good hotel in an excellent area of London",Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
1985,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1990-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Very Nice Location, Convenient and Beautiful Building!","Before I get into it, I did stay here on NYE 2015, this might make a difference, I am yet to stay on an average night!  I booked very last minute for NYE, I booked Hilton because it was on the company and well, who doesn't want a bit of luxury every now and again?  First thoughts, 3pm Check-In time, now I'm used to a 2pm Check-In time, but I will let that slide, what I can't let slide is that when I arrived at 3:15, my room was not ready and had to sit in the lobby for another 45 minutes for them to have the room ready. Now obviously this was NYE and I assume they were close to fully booked, but still, not great service... I was offered a free WiFi pass though, not that it made much difference to the amount of time I had to get ready!  The building has a lot of charm, as do the…",Date of stay: December 2015,5.0
1986,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1990-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Wonderful morning breakfast,"Wide variety of breakfast with extensive level of hygiene and freshness in the each and every food product. Chefs were really helpful, I can confidently say that every chef were ready to put their best efforts to give memorable breakfast experience to the guest. Cheers !!!",Date of stay: May 2015,5.0
1987,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1990-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Went for a meeting, nice place to be","I went to attend a meeting on 10 March 2016. The place is in a very central location, easy to reach by tube. The ambiance of place was very nice. The food served was excellent so would highly recommend this place",Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
1988,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1990-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Four Nights in London,"Ideal hotel for the quick visit.  We had a four day stop over in London and the Hilton was perfect.  The Heathrow Express takes just a few minutes and delivers you at the door of the Hotel on Paddington Station.  The Hotel is busy with many meetings going on in the lobby, but we loved the atmosphere.",Date of stay: February 2016,4.0
1989,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1990-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Location, Location, Location","For a weekend trip you want to be close to the airport, but also connected to the main sights . This hotel provides the best of both worlds. We connect right to the Heathrow Express from the hotel without even going outside. Paddington station was very well connected to the Circle Line in the Underground taking you to all the main attractions in London.  The rooms were clean and very spacious for Europe. We would stay here again if planning another trip to London",Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
1990,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1995-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great weekend stay,"This hotel is so convenient getting straight off the train - we upgraded to the new 'tower block' rooms extension which were luxuriously appointed with large bathrooms. There is the need to get 2 seperate lifts with a twisty corridor link as there is no easy ace from the lobby, but the rooms and new executive lounge made up for it",Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
1991,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1995-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,A nice end to the holiday,"My boyfriend and I stayed here in early feb after traveling around Europe for 6 weeks. The hotel is next door to paddington station which makes it extremely convenient to get anywhere. It's about 20 minutes from Heathrow which is a bonus as well! The staff were all nice, however we did have some issues with having a package sent to the hotel which made things a bit stressful before we arrived. Food was all delicious although a bit pricey but that's London so can't complain too much about that. Room was a bit on the smaller side but overall not bad, we requested a quiet room which was lovely but very far away. The bathroom was okay however the shower was very temperamental at times. Free wifi which was nice however you had to repeatedly sign in which got annoying. Overall an…",Date of stay: February 2016,4.0
1992,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1995-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Rude service,A couple of very rude male staffers in the lobby wouldn't let my friend and I sit with our Starbucks coffees in the lounge by reception (as in from the Starbucks attached to the hotel). One aggressively asked for our room number and told us outside drinks were not allowed! Since when is a hotel lobby no longer a suitable place to sit and wait with a coffee? Will not bring my business back here.,Date of stay: March 2016,1.0
1993,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1995-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Perfect location, good service and nice rooms","Very good hotel with convenient location. If you arrive by Heathrow Express, this hotel is just a few steps away from the station. Starbucks next to the hotel is a nice extra for a coffee fanatic. Nice comfortable rooms with good service is all you need. ",Date of stay: February 2016,4.0
1994,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or1995-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,If this was the first Hilton we stayed at we would never book a Hilton again,Terrible rooms - booked a king room - got a double - the bathtub was more comfortable than the bed.  Staff in the dining room for breakfast hovered over top.  Staff not able to assist with any local questions or advice.,Date of stay: March 2016,1.0
1995,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2000-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great location and rooms,"I've stayed in many Hiltons in London and this is the best in terms of location. It's literally 20 mins from Heathrow (15 mins on Heathrow Express and 5 mins from train to hotel) and from Paddington you can get to a number of other transportation options. The rooms were large and clean and quiet, and the wifi was great. I never made it to the Exec lounge though it looked nice. The Steam bar was reasonable and made great drinks. All the staff I encountered were more than helpful. I'll definitely stay there again.",Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
1996,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2000-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"nice rooms, interesting access...","lots of hallways, turns, elevators, doors.  once in your room, a great experience.  wonderful bathtub, shower, linens, amenities of room.  complete wall of windows. average business lounge with helpful staff.  excellent main lobby staff (desk, bell, door staff).",Date of stay: February 2016,4.0
1997,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2000-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Very convenient for train travel,"We have stayed in the Hilton at Paddington several times over the past few years. We have found it to be very convenient when travelling by train with large, heavy suitcases (it has direct access to Paddington station, so you don't need to go outside on a rainy day) and we almost always get a great night's sleep. We've found the check-in staff to be very helpful on our recent stays. The bar is the only thing that we weren't too impressed by (it's quite dark and bare) so we usually sit in the brighter, more comfortable lobby area for drinks or catch the tube (London underground) into the centre of London for some more chic bars. So although it's not the perfect hotel for couples, it's in a very convenient location if you're arriving by train and should provide a good night's…",Date of stay: February 2016,4.0
1998,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2000-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Great Location, great hotel","I picked this hotel because the Hilton Brand and hotel location.  It lived up to both of those requirements. However, it was a great location to venture out and get the whole London experience. For my first trip to London, it was a best pick.  Highly recommended it for vacations, or had I been on business, a great meeting place.",Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
1999,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2000-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Wonderfull hotel,"we liked everythings, good localization, nice room and very nice breakfast. We just stay for 3 nights and was very easy to take a cab or metro, cause they have a station in front the hotel. We also arrived by metro and bring you from airport to he hotel.",Date of stay: December 2015,5.0
2000,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2005-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Great location, room was fine, bed was terrible","Stayed here for the first time for 1 night.  Arrived late so didn't have time to use the bar or restaurant.  If you've a trip via Heathrow the following morning, the location is excellent - took me 35 minutes from leaving the hotel bedroom to arrive in Heathrow T2.  A hotel entrance opens right into Paddington Station from where the Heathrow Express service operates.  The bedroom itself was fine but the mattress was hopeless, truly terrible. Springs could be felt sticking through, I woke with discomfort several times.",Date of stay: March 2016,3.0
2001,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2005-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Not good enough,"I had high expectations for this place, giving up my usual place at a nearby Radisson Blu to try it out.  This hotel is literally built into Paddington station, so only a few mins from London Underground to check-in.   Check in was quick enough,  welcome was okay.  Was not acknowledged as HHonors Diamond.   I asked if an upgrade was available, told I had already been upgraded, so off to 535 I went.   If 535 is an ""upgraded"" room I would hate to see the others.  Was dark, had stains on curtains and nets.  I reported the air con as I couldn't cool the room down.  Returned from a few hours out to find nothing had changed.    Breakfast was fine, good selection, and the staff were pleasant enough.    I'm afraid the room here wasn't enough to make me want to stay here again.   Will…",Date of stay: February 2016,3.0
2002,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2005-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Good Location-Bad Beds,"Great location with access to LHR via Heathrow Express and directly across from Paddington tube stop. The common areas are nice and the rooms are large by London standards.  However, the beds are terrible.  I have stayed in 2 different rooms and they are not up to Hilton (or any other chain for that matter) standards.  They are old and you will be sleeping on springs....  The TV was also fairly old in both rooms an channels were limited.  For American Tourists - there are no US news channels.  I travel all across Europe and typically have excess of 100 stays a year and this is one of the few hotels in Europe that does not at least provide CNN International access.  It appears they had CNBC at one time, but on both of my stays, this is now an advert for SKY TV (Cable).  Several…",Date of stay: February 2016,3.0
2003,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2005-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great place to stay,"Been here several times. Excellent service with very nice size rooms. Great location for commuting. Friendly and helpful staff. My favorite London place to stay, will certainly come back on my next visit.",Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
2004,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2005-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Dinner ,"£16 for chicken and chips where the chicken was cooked to a point the knife couldn't cut through the skin.  Awful food, ridiculous price, for what you could get for a few pounds in any back street cafe. If this is Hilton Standards now, then they need to revisit their strategy. Bigger margin$ soon make unhappy customers.  Sent the whole meal back and went outside to eat.",Date of stay: February 2016,1.0
2005,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2010-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Good cost perfomance,This stay was very good cost performance. The location and quality is best in London for short business stay. I can say thus was very satisfied with reasonable price because of off-peak.  I would stay every visit to London if off-peak price were applied.,Date of stay: February 2016,4.0
2006,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2010-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Hilton Paddington,"I Have stayed here twice. The location being at Paddington Station  with the Heathrow express, and with tubes links for sightseeing is one of the reason I chose it. The rooms were spacious and clean and comfortable.",Date of stay: February 2016,4.0
2007,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2010-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Nicely located next to the Paddington rail station,"Nice and friendly service. Ideal location for business since directly located to Paddington station where the Heathrow express stops. Because of this location, excellent connection to the rest of the city. Good price/value.",Date of stay: February 2016,4.0
2008,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2010-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"great location, excellent staff","Stayed here on business plus weekend.  Concierge was super, helped for any and all questions with a good sense of humor too.   Location at Paddington station is ideal for traveling to Heathrow, getting on trains and the metro.   Lots of casual, inexpensive restaurants and pubs within a block or two.",Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
2009,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2010-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Excellent,"Great location close Paddington train/underground stations (easy link to Heathrow airport or central London), nice traditional hotel, high level service, friendly staff. Clean and comfortable room, well equipped bathroom, wide collection breakfast buffet.",Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
2010,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2015-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Average at best,"I stayed here for 8 days for a business trip.  First the positives - extremely convenient location -- 15 minutes to get here thanks to the Heathrow Express, hotel connected to the train station and my office is a block away.  Hotel staff is pleasant and helpful, nothing outstanding there.  They do their jobs but don't go the extra mile in any way.  My room wasn't ready when I arrived, but that was to be expected at noon, so I stored my luggage and waited.  My room was nice enough - clean, although all the furnishings were a bit old, tattered, stained and clearly in need of an update or refresh.  Bathroom very basic, no frills, all harsh fluorescent lighting, no robes or slippers offered...this is not a luxury hotel.  There is an ongoing construction project going on one side of…",Date of stay: February 2016,3.0
2011,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2015-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,My first choice when in London on business,"I stay here regularly with work and would definitely recommend.  Location is great for both national rail and underground.  Within walking distance of attractions; Oxford Street, Hyde Park. The rooms are a good size and clean.  Service is always good and if you want to eat out there are lots of places within easy walking distance.  Hotel does tend to be very busy at times.",Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
2012,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2015-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Convenient and central,"This is a good hotel in a central position which is well maintained, clean and friendly. We had Executive lounge access which gives access to drinks bar, breakfast buffet which was a bonus - though on one night some fellow guests had been making good use of the free drink and were very noisy. Our room was large and quiet - away from the road noise. The hotel  fittings are art deco in keeping with First Great Western's rebranding as GWR. Enjoyed looking out at the station concourse over breakfast. Paddington tube is seconds away and links to the Heathrow Express and mainline station make this a good spot for business travellers. We stayed as a family and found it good value.",Date of stay: February 2016,4.0
2013,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2015-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,nice bathroom,"the room looked a bit outdated, but it was good, i loved the bathroom was nice, however would be nice if they leave extra towels. would be useful to have colleagues who speak Arabic in the check in desk.",Date of stay: February 2016,3.0
2014,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2015-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Brilliant Hotel - Great Location,We stayed for one night ( Saturday 13th of February) . Booked 2 family Superior rooms. Rooms 307 & 311.  The rooms are a very good size. 2 good size queen beds in each room. Check in was fairly quick. We did request an early check in a week beforehand and it was noted and they will try their utmost best . Unfortunately none of the rooms were ready which was disappointing so we left the bags with concierge to see the London sights. Obviously this cannot be guaranteed as normal check in is pm (much later than most hotels). I asked for an upgrade and wasn't offered one. As people have mentioned and I agree that this hotel doesn't go out of it's way to acknowledge that you are HH member. Hilton Gateshead (Newcastle UK) on the other hand had a separate check in and upgrade offers.  …,Date of stay: February 2016,4.0
2015,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2020-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Very convenient Hotel,Great hotel and very convenient if you are coming into London from Heathrow. You walk straight from the train into the hotel. The rooms were nicely decorated and staff friendly. A great base for a London stay.,Date of stay: August 2015,5.0
2016,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2020-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Stayed the night in family room for son's birthday,"We were very impressed with our stay overall. Location wise it was perfect and easy to get to and from. All very clean, enjoyed a very nice single malt in the bar area with attentive bar staff who come to your table. Great breakfast as well although would have liked to have seen more fruit tea or decaffeinated coffee as options.  Would definitely stay again. ",Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
2017,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2020-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,not worth the money,"Way more expensive than the other 10,000 hotels in the area. No heat one night. No hot water another day. ""Upgraded"" to a room facing construction that started at 7am. Maybe i was just unlucky, but as an HHonors Gold, I dont think I was that valued.",Date of stay: February 2016,3.0
2018,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2020-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Perfect last stop in London for super easy connection to Heathrow via the train,"The hotel is starting to show that it was renovated in the late 90s or so; while our terrace room was very large, the patio furniture was in dire need of replacement and for the room rate should have been new quality Restoration Hardware type all weather wicker and the patio had not been cleaned from a prior guest.  Now I guess they didn't expect me to use it in February but it was 50 degrees and nice out.  Executive Business lounge is a must - super quiet, friendly staff, stocked with goodies and lovely overview of the train platforms (note partially obscured by some construction but you can see through the scrim-thank you)  Bar need to carry Chambord. Bathroom had two showers and a tub which was nice to get ready at same time.  Can't say enough about ease of getting to LHR…",Date of stay: February 2016,4.0
2019,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2020-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Victorian travel,"great landmark that I always passed by but never had a chance to stay. Finally the mission accomplished. What a great place. Its like being on a film shoot, so much to enjoy and experience. Good size double room, high ceiling and fresh wallpaper. A   Little bit simple breakfast in term of choice.",Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
2020,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2025-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Good stay,"Friendly staff and clean room.  The bar area is modern and well presented. It is very handy for travelling to Heathrow and travelling around London. Rooms not very small compared to some London hotels, reasonable value for money. I would stay again if need to stay in that area of London. ",Date of stay: April 2015,4.0
2021,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2025-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Excellent Stay,"Hotel was really good. Stayed in the GWR tower and the room was outstanding. Ate room service one night, food was of a high standard and delivered promptly. Only negative in my whole stay was I was questioned whether breakfast was included in my room on the first morning when I'm a gold Hilton member that receives complimentary breakfast and was actually staying in a room with executive lounge access (which features complimentary breakfast). All in all an excellent hotel and look forward to staying again!",Date of stay: February 2016,4.0
2022,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2025-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Great location, poor restaurant","Great location, avoid the restaurant, especially for breakfast, Its super expensive (21 BP) and VERY poor quality. Rooms are clean and nice.Easy access to Heath Row via the train. Lots of restaurants nearby.Overall just ok",Date of stay: February 2016,3.0
2023,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2025-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"They Just Can't ""Make it Right""","Have read several reviews noting the rooms being too hot, the beds being too hard, and the staff being ""hit and miss"", and I have to say, this was my experience as well. The bed indeed was quite hard (seemed like a cheap mattress pad thrown across a couple of twin beds), the room was ridiculously hot (despite repeated calls to the hotel), staff attitudes were hit/miss.    I realise that any number of guests will have any number of things to praise or complain about, but when multiple guests note the same problems over and over again, that is indicative of a hotel that just can't seem to deliver on the ""Make it Right"" promise.  On a positive note, the water pressure in the shower was fantastic, and the room was quite spacious, even by London standards. I had been looking for a…",Date of stay: February 2016,2.0
2024,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2025-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great location,"Off the train, straight into the hotel and so easy to travel into the West End by bus from almost outside the hotel door. Amazingly helpful staff in all areas. Comfortable room and excellent breakfast.",Date of stay: February 2016,4.0
2025,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2030-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Decent hotel in a perfect location,"This is a very busy Hilton, so do not expect any fancy stuff. It is a clean, decent hotel, with a good size room for the standards of London and all the standard amenities you expect from a business hotel. It has direct access to Paddington station and this allows you to travel through London easily and as hassle free as possible. A Starbucks Coffe shop is attached to it, so if you like to skip breakfast, like I do, that is the best place to start your day. A major disadvantage for a business hotel is that it has no free wifi and the prices for in-room internet are quite high for 2016.",Date of stay: January 2016,3.0
2026,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2030-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Absolute Convenience,"This was our fourth stay at Hilton Paddington in two years and it keeps getting better. Check in and check out was seamless.  Executive Lounge on ground floor useful.  Great location for central London tubes - direct access from the hotel, and off course under the same roof as Paddington Station with Heathrow Express a short covered walk from your room.",Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
2027,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2030-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great,"This is a great Hilton. Wonderfully located, quite big and busy, but very clean and well organised. Prices are a bit high, but it is the perfect place for having business in the city.  The breakfast is very good (selection and quality).",Date of stay: September 2015,5.0
2028,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2030-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Good hotel,"If travelling to/from Paddington station this is a great location, and the hotel can be accessed directly from the station.  The welcome at reception was practical rather than warm, certainly not overly friendly - but this was more than rectified by the very helpful and nice concierge.  Why do the folk working on reception not realise they are the first impression the guest has of the hotel?  Our room on the 2nd floor was excellent; large, big windows, very well appointed and decorated with all you could want (including iron and ironing board).  The bathroom was equally as good, with a bath tub and shower over.  Everything was extremely clean and well maintained.  Breakfast was a bit chaotic - there seemed to be lots of staff but our table was not cleared as we went along, and…",Date of stay: February 2016,4.0
2029,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2030-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Quality accommodation. Avoid the F&B ,"Our friends booked this hotel first since they were travelling from Bristol - hence arriving into Paddington. It's not a hotel I've used before but I've often noticed it's fine architecture. Inside also had many elegant features like the beautiful walnut bedroom doors and art decor detailing . The bedrooms are spacious and well equipped as well as being richly furnished, again with real wood furniture. The bed was very comfortable and the bed linens crisp cotton. My only negative was the bathroom . It had a bath with a shower over and a shower curtain rather than a shower cubicle. I hate shower curtains! And the shower had a limited water flow - as did the tap on the sink.  Public rooms are on the ground floor and feature two bars and the restaurant. ( as well as being a…",Date of stay: February 2016,4.0
2030,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2035-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great location,"This hotel offers spacious, clean, modern and well appointed rooms. The location is perfect - literally accessed directly from Paddington Rail station. Also very close to the underground tube and great restaurants and pubs within walking distance. (I recommend Sawyers Arms which has terrific traditional pub food - Scotch Eggs - Sausage Rolls - Fish and Chips-  and is just around the corner from the hotel).   This hotel is a bit pricey... but in my experience (and this is not always the case in other travel destinations) you usually get what you pay for in London. Going cheap here usually means you'll get a shoebox for a room that is not very clean. Trust me, the rates here are well worth it.   All the staff here are terrific. They all seemed to go the extra mile to be very kind…",Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
2031,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2035-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Disappointing,Stayed two nights at the end of my holiday before flying home. The hotel is such a grand old building with such a grand history. The novelty of being a railway hotel   was part of the reason I chose to stay here. After struggling with my luggage up the lift and through the heavy doors that link it to the station I was not met with a friendly concierge but with a mass of business people sitting in the foyer having meetings and I was feeling quite lost as to where to check in. Once i found the check in area I was met by the concierge who took my luggage and then followed me to my room. He was very pleasant. Unfortunately that was where the pleasant service ended. From being interrupted in my room by two young men asking if I needed a shower cap (I am bald so obviously not) to the…,Date of stay: January 2016,1.0
2032,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2035-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great location for station,Had a very early flight from LHR so needed to get first Heathrow Express.  This hotel is literally next to the station so location is great.  It was a little slow checking in but no fault of the staff as they were really quick and efficient.  There was just quite a few people arrived at the same time.  Room was actually very good.  Large room and very good facilities.  The only down side was i was on floor 1 and did experience quite a bit of noise from the road and general activity surrounding the station.  Very good value though at £150 per night.,Date of stay: February 2016,4.0
2033,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2035-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Nice place, and convenient!","Arrived London at Heathrow airport and didn't step outside once on way to unlocking door to room! Nice and friendly staff, rooms nice and clean. Concierge was helpful. Tube/Underground in lower Paddington Station attached to the hotel so access of London simple!  Hotel was standard Hilton and reasonable in price. Would recommend with out reservation!",Date of stay: February 2016,4.0
2034,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2035-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,When I'm in London I stay at the Paddington Hilton,"This is more a summary review than one about a specific stay - though I've just returned from a 2-day visit to London.  The Paddington Hilton is a great hotel in a fantastic location. It's no exaggeration that you can go from Heathrow to checked-into your room inside of 25 minutes.  For business travel, the Executive Lounge is comfortable, quiet and offers a wide array of snacks and beverages.   The GWR Tower rooms are particularly modern and well-appointed. Try to book one of these if available.",Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
2035,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2040-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Good stay,Placed near paddindton station in central London . Good quality rooms on the new tower wing. Staff was helpful and sorted my stay out. Buffet breakfast was satisfactory. Should return back to them sooner. Enroll for the honors of Hilton to have benefits.,Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
2036,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2040-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Very good dinner in the restuarant,"I arranged to meet my daughter for a quick dinner and business catch up at Paddington and we ate in the restaurant. We have done this many times in recent years as it's a good rendezvous point for me heading home on the train. The meal was very, very good and a significant improvement on earlier visits. Kevin served us in attentive and kindly manner. The menu is good and the food delicious. I had the soup off the specials menu and it was excellent and my daughter had the curry, very generous and tasty. They were very good about gluten free options on the menu. All beautifully presented and served in a pleasant atmosphere. We'll back soon. Thank you.",Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
2037,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2040-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Great Location, very nice hotel","I stayed overnight after arriving from the US on an overnight flight . The front desk was not very friendly or helpful in allowing me to check in early even though I am a Diamond level HH member. However I went to the Executive lounge to see if I could freshen up there before heading out to sight see and the women there was exceptional - very friendly and got me checked into a room immediately which was much appreciated. The room I had was very nice , clean and comfortable and quiet. The Executive lounge is great for a quick bite or drink . I will absolutely come back on future visits.",Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
2038,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2040-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Ol' Reliable ,"Nothing special. Your typical Hilton, quiet and clean and in a very convenient location. If you're looking for a place to rest your head, this is it. If you want to be wowed, go elsewhere. Also, don't lean on the glass table in the lobby. Is decoration, not for use 😉",Date of stay: February 2016,3.0
2039,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2040-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great location but SOO hot!,"This hotel is perfectly located for an overnight stop before an early morning flight from Heathrow (15 minutes away by Heathrow Express) but the room I stayed in was so hot, I got no sleep at all (which defeated the point of staying over the night before!) The room was adequate and the bed was comfy, it's just a shame about the temperature!",Date of stay: January 2016,3.0
2040,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2045-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Uncomfortable beds, Staff not so helpful","The place was a great location, connected to Paddington Station. The room was clean and large. The problem was the bed, it was SO UNCOMFORTABLE! It was hard - like sleeping on a piece of plywood hard. The staff tried to be accommodating and add duvets but this barely made it sleep able. Upon check in there was no real welcome or even helpfulness about what was close or what to do there close to the hotel.",Date of stay: January 2016,2.0
2041,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2045-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,VERY HOT HOTEL,"We used this for an overnight stop in London before going to airport. Hotel is at Paddington rail station. Hotel was too hot for us, windows did not open ver much and room could not cool down!  Bed was good, s was room and bathroom, it is ok for an overnight stop, but not for any longer",Date of stay: January 2016,3.0
2042,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2045-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Nice location but way overpriced ,"As many reviewers have mentioned, location of this hotel is very convenient if you are traveling through Heathrow. However if you are planning to visit any attractions, it is definitinely not in walking distance -- you will have to take tube ( hotel is on circle line of the tube, which is very handy if you planning to see Westminster, Tower, etc )   With that said, hotel itself is very dated. Also the food both in executive lounge and in the restourant was very subpar.. Finally, a/c system was not working well -- it was super hot in my room, despite me setting thermostate all the way to COLD.. In January !!    IMO, while convenient, this hotel is way overpriced compared to other options around paddington",Date of stay: January 2016,3.0
2043,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2045-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Convenience,This property would be great if it weren't in Paddington Station but the fact that it is makes the hotel extremely convenient for passengers arriving to and leaving from Heathrow or on a Paddington train.,Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
2044,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2045-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Tower rooms and wing ,Hotel reception were trying to explain how to get to tower and wasn't the easiest to find could do with more clear signs on floor 2.... But wow once in the tower wing it's absolutely lovely designs are crisp and fresh and everything feels new... Really loved my time staying there... I did some work in the exec lounge in the wing was nice and quiet and great snacks and drinks  available.... throughout the day....room itself with separate bath and shower seemed very luxurious and would highly recommend this stay to anyone....,Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
2045,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2050-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Short visit to London,"We traveled from the US to visit our daughter who was studying in London this past fall semester. We chose this hotel because of its location. We were not disappointed as this was our family's first trip abroad. We booked the Heathrow Express to Paddington and this was the best move we made after an 7 hour flight. A short walk to the hotel lobby, with a Starbucks stop before. Checked in early morning, they stowed our bags, we met our daughter and started exploring London. Returned in the afternoon, room ready, bags sent and were able to nap in a very clean and modern room. Definitely an 9/10 out of 10. The only drawback was the surrounding restaurants were fair at best. Stay here with confidence. Worth the $$. which in my opinion was very reasonable. Even with the conversion to…",Date of stay: November 2015,5.0
2046,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2050-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Convenient Hotel,Train into London and you want a convenient hotel - the Hilton at Paddington Station is right there at the station.  My room was nicely appointed but small if you're planning to spend a lot of time in the room.  The hotel has a nice dining room and if you just want a snack the quick stop eateries of Paddington station are very close - a lot of places on the streets around the station.,Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
2047,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2050-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Good for Paddington or Heathrow Express,"I've stayed here several times in the past it is better than the nearby Hilton Metropole. I ate in the restaurant for an evening meal and it exceeded my expectations for a standard hotel one, although not cheap. If you can get an executive room the exec lounge here is one of the best overlooking the hassle and bustle of the station. Service isn't great I had a very poor check in but a good checkout and restaurant experience.",Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
2048,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2050-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Run down and overworked,"Hotel is okay for an overnight if you need to be near Paddington.  However, the staff cannot cope with the check-in/out volume, and the hotel facilities are under-maintained.  Temperature control in my room did not work, and there was often no hot water.",Date of stay: January 2016,3.0
2049,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2050-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Poor start but I warmed to this hotel, just.  Not very good VFM though, unless they upgrade you.","Long,delayed flight, so I was tired on arrival and faced with a queue of about 12 people, and only 2 receptionists.  I waited by the Hilton Honors sign; elsewhere they give this queue priority, but not at the Paddington Hilton.  I had also checked in online on the way in from Heathrow, but that made no difference, I still had to wait nearly 15 minutes to get the key.  Not impressive.  I suggested they take down the Hilton Honors sign if there was no check-in benefit.  They said they would pass this on to the Manager, but the sign was still there when I left the next day.  However I had already been upgraded to the GWR tower when I checked in online and the room was very nice, modern, everything worked.  But this is an expensive hotel, so value for money was just about adequate;…",Date of stay: January 2016,3.0
2050,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2055-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,amazing hotel,"A typical hotel of the chain.. top quality... located in the city center, next to the station and bus stop... amazing view from the rooms, very clean and top quality of customer service.. highly recommended..",Date of stay: September 2015,5.0
2051,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2055-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,London weekend,"A really good hotel, with lift from Paddington Station concourse to reception. Luggage stored on final day after checkout and comfortable seating area in which to wait till boarding train on return journey.",Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
2052,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2055-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great location wins out,"This hotel is a typical Hilton and worth the stay if you can get it for a good price. The location alone is perfect. Easy to navigate an entire London trip from here.   The rooms are exceptionally large by London standards and it is clean and we appointed. It is not noisy, despite being above the station.  I only had one annoying issue, which was the hotel not allowing me to stow baggage the night before I checked in. I understand this was ""hotel policy"" but it was in stark contrast with my previous hotel (park grand Paddington court) which looked after said luggage for 2 days AFTER I had checked out.",Date of stay: November 2015,4.0
2053,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2055-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Massive Room,"We stayed in a Terrace Suite on level 6  - amazing with a huge seating and terrace area for the masses.. great bed and super fast WIFI. Doorman always so happy and friendly I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone, Tube is right at the door.",Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
2054,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2055-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Weekend getaway in the tower,"I needed to pass through London to get to Miami and my partner needed to do some business so we decided to do a weekend getaway. We picked the Hilton paddington as we are both Hilton honors members and they had a special rate for tower rooms. I am so glad I booked the rate as it included special access to the tower lounge for breakfast and happy hours which proved to be well worth the rate. Plus, the location directly above the heathrow express can't be beat when early morning flights are involved. Our only complaint is about how the bar charged cover after 10. So we picked the Lobby bar instead. However, when the other bar is getting ready for their evening crowd, they set up huge metal gates in the lobby of the Hilton and make a horrendous amount of noise while doing so.  This…",Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
2055,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2060-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Good location but pricey,"We spent the day here for some meetings, great location but at over five pounds for a tea and then a compulsory service charge added it is pretty poor value for what it is. Central foyer area was quite busy and loud",Date of stay: January 2016,3.0
2056,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2060-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Great location, comfortable stay","Booked this hotel as i needed to be near paddington station to catch early morning Heathrow Express. Check-in check-out was fast, and the room was large for European hotel standard with comfortable King size bed instead of the usual queen size. There was ice machine in the hallway which i didn't usually find in Europe. Breakfast spread was ok though quality was good. Location wise it was perfect as the hotel had direct access to Paddington station and numerous transportation options. There were many restaurants (asian, western, middle east etc), cafe and shops nearby and many attractions were also within walking distance. I found small malaysian restaurant few blocks from the hotel and the food was very good and cheap. Overall it was solid hotel with good service and perfect…",Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
2057,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2060-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Loved this hotel. Location. Atmosphere Perfect!,"My first trip to London and my fella did a great job of picking this location. In a nice location, actually at Paddington Station (yes the one the Bear is named after).  Our room was delightful and modern. The closet and dressing area was quiet nice and the bathroom very roomy and accommodating. Large shower and beautiful tub.  The room had plenty of plugs for electronics and the bathroom as well for accessories.  I liked the glasses in the room. We stayed on the 'member' club floor. We highly recommend this for travel - it is cost effective and time saving. We ate breakfast and a light dinner snack and drinks just across the hall each day we stayed.  I would have liked a bit more evening snack variety. The food was a bit scarce.  If we didn't arrive just when food was put out -…",Date of stay: September 2015,5.0
2058,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2060-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,perfect Hilton,"Much improved since May 2015! I spent 2 nights with a friend, nice big double bedroom on the second floor , not by the street but on a courtyard so very quiet. High speed and free Wi-Fi . Great breakfast, except for the tasteless watermelon maybe,but apart from that , perfect choice, we had to queue 5 mn on Sunday to get a table but the staff was nice and efficiant. Express check-out . The concierge advised us a very nice indian restaurant 10 mn walk. Direct access to Paddington station and then Heathrow Express, fantastic location !",Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
2059,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2060-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Weekend break,"My husband and I stayed in the Hilton Paddington where we have stayed on numerous occasions. Reception staff were not very helpful at check in. We had room 563 which was spacious and looked great. All the Hilton extras you expect such as toiletries and tea/coffee making facilities were in this room. Really happy until it came to bed time. The mattress was awful and gave no support at all. My husband woke up with a bad back all 3 mornings which we stayed. You could feel every spring in the mattress. Breakfast was okay, plenty of choice. The cooked breakfast was buffet style and was cold by the time you sat down to eat. Also had to ask for tea spoons on every occasion at breakfast. Location of this hotel is fantastic but overall we were disappointed this time.",Date of stay: January 2016,3.0
2060,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2065-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,The Location Alone Makes this the Place to Stay,"Whenever in London for business, I stay at the Paddington Hilton.  Absolutely love access to the station.  An abundance of restaurants and pubs within walking distance, and the nearby Kensington Gardens is the perfect spot to wander over a weekend.",Date of stay: May 2015,5.0
2061,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2065-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,AN EXCELLENT AND COMFORTABLE HILTON,"Always a pleasure to stay in the Hilton brand hotel, this was a particular pleasure. It was a special treat 'visit' to London for my Mother in Law and the whole experience worked very well.  The hotel is very located, access to the Tube and into Central London and for me to get to LHR as I was leaving on an early morning flight to Africa.  Definitely recommend the Paddington Hilton and will stay again.",Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
2062,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2065-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Strategic location and train station access.,"Hilton Paddington Hotel is an ideal stay for the busy travellers to London City, within the vicinity of the Great Western Railway station and the Paddington Station Underground. The direct train to Heathrow Airport only takes 15 minutes.  Good buffet breakfast spread and friendly helpful staff. Nice and efficient Club Lounge overlooking the railway station. Recommended for those who arrives early before check in time and those who have late flight after check out time, where you can sit and relax with refreshments and snacks.",Date of stay: September 2015,5.0
2063,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2065-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Awesome hotel,"  Great hotel to stay at, clean, spacious and next to the train station!  Concierge, front desk and doormen were excellent!  Very at tentative   Restaurant just ok, not all items on the menu available, waitress a little weak  Starbucks on the ground floor, added benefit!",Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
2064,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2065-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Excellent hotel,"Great location as its attached to the rail station, rooms are good size.  Clean, tidy, helpful staff, breakfast pretty good.  Great location.  Booked direct at the hotel as a hilton honours member, best rate i could find, check in online and select your room, free wifi, really good value",Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
2065,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2070-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great Location!,"The train and underground were right there, best location to get anywhere. Rooms were clean and smelled nice, bathrooms were bigger then some. The staff supervise. I was given my room at 8am in the morning, so grateful to get some sleep from flying all night.",Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
2066,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2070-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Quality hotel with superb location,"I stayed at this hotel twice in December 2015. The location is perfect, as arriving from Heathrow you only need to take a few step inside Paddington station. And further on to the city the Tube is at hand. However if you want to enjoy nightlife, you'll have to take to the Tube again as there isn't much nearby.  The hotel is good quality although this is not a luxury hotel. We booked very early and got a good price, thus were very happy with our choice.   The first room was huge, the other smaller but still sufficient. Bathrooms were good in both. Decor is beautiful with Art Deco touches even in the rooms, although not quite luxurious.   On the first occasion our room was a bit on the cool side. We didn't mind but overheard someone at the breakfast complaining to their friend…",Date of stay: December 2015,5.0
2067,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2070-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Perfect location,We stayed here on a recent stop over on London. Location was perfect - not only for access to the Heathrow Express but also due to its closeness to the London Underground. Rooms are a good size and well appointed.,Date of stay: December 2015,5.0
2068,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2070-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Really disappointing. ,"I booked a room as a base to stay in London for the weekend for my partners 40th birthday. I upgraded so we had access to the executive lounge and a better room. I had high expectations having stayed in a Hilton hotel previously. I was not prepared for how disappointed I was with this hotel. The room was not ready on our arrival having travelled for 3 hours. After 45 minutes and much chasing the room was ready. In the meantime we remained in the executive lounge which should have had complimentary snacks provided. There were a few curly stale tuna sandwiches available and having had one, we refrained from sampling the other two remaining ones. Then to the room ! The bed was like lying on a stone as the mattress was so hard. The pillows looked amazing but when you lay your head…",Date of stay: January 2016,2.0
2069,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2070-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Better than last time,Really wanted to add to my last review where I mentioned the seating the in bar - glad to say they have now recovered all the seating and it looks so much better. The hotel still doesn't exude the Hilton brand as it needs a certain amount of updating. Paying £15 for two coffees in the lounge was rather excessive but the drinks in the bar were reasonable. It's location is excellent for coming off the Heathrow express.,Date of stay: January 2016,3.0
2070,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2075-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"""Good service, shame about the rest room""","I attended this hotel for a business meeting recently and whilst I will say the staff were very helpful and polite I was so disappointed when I had to use one of the rest rooms. It was a very unpleasant visit as this area had not been maintained well that day.  I notified the concierge but win I went  to use it again later nothing had changed, this was disappointing especially as we had planned to eat & drink here later, we changed our plans and dined elsewhere.  Such a pity.",Date of stay: January 2016,3.0
2071,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2075-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Excellent nights sleep,"Good location for rail travellers.  Being a grumpy traveller I really couldn't fault this hotel (except for the price of diet coke in the bar!).  Luckily, being hard of hearing, I cannot comment on noise levels on my room facing Praed street.",Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
2072,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2075-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Christmas  Pleasure,"We stayed here over Christmas and had a lovely visit. The staff are so friendly and helpful. The room was clean and bright every thing worked and it was very quiet. The hotel is a work of art and is situated in a position to take advantage of easy transport links into the city and beyond. It is also easy to walk on level ground to the city also if you so wish. The underground station is directly opposite the front entrance and bus stops are situated  very nearby. Breakfast is a busy time, but the choice of food is impressive. The pancake making machine is brilliant, but a second toast maker would be appreciated as the single one is so popular that queues quickly form to use it. There is a varied dinner menu and a good wine list. Regrettably the steam bar was closed during our…",Date of stay: December 2015,5.0
2073,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2075-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Hilton Paddington- terrible beds,"I would not use this hotel. Pick another one, the beds are terrible and the service of the staff is very hit and miss. The bellmen and house keeping are great and helpful. However, if a good night sleep is important to you I would pick another hotel. The Hilton Metropole is within a five minute walk and the difference is night and day. I would only give the Paddington Hilton a two star rating.",Date of stay: January 2016,2.0
2074,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2075-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,The best location,"This hotel is really the best location if you are taking a flight out of Heathrow the next day. You have access to central London for the night before you fly out, the rooms are big and comfortable and you walk out of reception , after a 30 second check out, onto a private walkway directly onto the station. It's faster more fun and more covenant that an airport hotel.",Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
2075,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2080-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Excellent hotel with direct access from Heathrow!,"It's our second time stay here at Hilton London Paddington. The first was in 2013 and we decided to stay here again in December 2015. We stayed for 6 nights for this trip and for being the HHonors member, we were upgraded to a premier room with executive lounge access.   The hotel is our ideal choice primarily for its prime location. From Heathrow Airport to check-in, literally took us only 30-minutes via the Heathrow Express (15-mins journey). There is a direct indoor access to the Hotel from Paddington Station.  It is also located near Hyde Park, Oxford St and Edgware Road. Bus service 7 and 23 are also available for short trip to Oxford St and also to Portobello, our favourite weekend market.   There are plenty of restaurants around the hotel vicinity, from Fish&Chips to…",Date of stay: December 2015,5.0
2076,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2080-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,ideally situated,"This hotel is situated right opposite Paddington station so it is ideal for getting out and about. If you arrive by train as we did, its straight up the stairs into the hotel. We had a room for three, which consisted of a double bed and a put you up bed, which I slept in and will say was very comfortable. The room was dressed for two, so we had to request extra towels and cup and saucer ect, but that was a minor oversight and very quickly rectified by a call to housekeeping. The usual Hilton high standards apply throughout this hotel. The underground is across the road, so it is ideal for getting in and around London. I would certainly stay here again. ",Date of stay: November 2015,4.0
2077,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2080-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Perfectly acceptable hotel - IF access to Heathrow is important,"This is an ideal hotel if you are leaving the UK and just need a night or two to prepare before jumping on the Heathrow Express at Paddington Station (which you access directly internally from the back of the hotel lobby.  This is NOT a must visit, resort hotel OR anywhere you want to dine or drink (even for breakfast).  It is a clean, smart, organised and very convenient hotel for short stays.  When you arrive at 10pm at night, Paddington Station is still open, as is Sainsbury's for urgent grocery and other items.  You can buy your Heathrow Express tickets in advance and not worry about cabs to get to the train or the plane! Perfect.  And, a wonderful new Hilton feature - online book your actual rooms!  With two teenage children I simply found two connecting rooms - which were…",Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
2078,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2080-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Excellent location straight off the platform,We decided to let the train take the strain on our recent trip to London. On our journey I was concerned about finding the hotel but I needn't have been - the entrance is straight up the stairs off the platform. Perfect.  Its the usual Hilton standard. Everything is beautifully clean and well presented. The staff efficient and the concierge knowledgeable.  My only complaint as usual is the pillows. Not everyone likes feather pillows which compress to concrete during the night but that's just me. Absolutely not a reason to miss this majestic landmark hotel.,Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
2079,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2080-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Love this hotel but terrible beds,"I love this hotel.  It is so convenient when you travel because of the Heathrow Flyer.  I have stayed here many times now but I have to comment about the single bed mattresses in our room and I did mention this at check out.  We stayed in room 254 and you could literally see the mattresses sagging in the middle without even sitting on the bed.  The beds were absolutely horrible, horrible, horrible to sleep on.  We had to ask to have a couple of comforters placed over the mattresses so we could sleep.  I was travelling with my sister and we had twin beds.  Hilton you NEED to immediately replace these mattresses in this room.  I cannot believe anyone would not have done so before now because you could see the significant indents in the middle of each mattress and they were rock…",Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
2080,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2085-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Good location and concierge service,"Hilton Paddington Hotel is handy when you use Heathrow airport. The hotel is connected with Paddington station directly. A concierge organizes a express ticket for you within a minute on the spot, taking only cash though. A screen behind him shows the train service. Furthermore, a bell boy brings your luggage to inside the train. Please don't be forget some tips for them when you ask them for the service.",Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
2081,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2085-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great location but that is it.,"Very disappointed.  Certainly not a 4 star.  Decor very dated although quite adequate.  Breakfast was very disappointing.  Food was only slightly warm and when put on cold plates was cold by the time you got back to your table.  No teaspoons provided anywhere so had to stir sugar into coffee with breakfast cereal spoon. Location was fantastic but would look elsewhere for quality and service, and value for money.",Date of stay: December 2015,3.0
2082,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2085-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Daylight robbery,What indeed could have been the perfect end to a wonderful holiday ended up in me finding that someone broke into my luggage and money is gone. Beware of housekeeping at the Paddington. I wouldn't expect a hotel of this level in such a wonderful city for them having staffs who stooped so low in such things. Has any body else here been a victim of same? Please comment. Thanks,Date of stay: January 2016,1.0
2083,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2085-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great Location. Dated Property,"The Hilton Paddington is a decent property. It is worth staying for the location. If you do not have time and is coming from Heathrow airport, the Express takes you to the hotel in 15 minutes. But that is all. Honest, clean and with OK service. Overpriced for what it offers.",Date of stay: December 2015,3.0
2084,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2085-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,New Years Eve,"My boyfriend and I stayed at this hotel the night before we had to return to America. The hotel has the best location if you want a quick way to get to the airport. The hotel room was excellent! Since we spent NYE there, we had a room that gave us a terrific view of the fireworks! The bed was comfortable and they had the best free shortbread cookies I've ever had!  The only thing to note is that people traveling to the airport by taxi should be careful. Since the train was running on a delayed schedule, we needed to take a cab to the airport. The bellhop told us the price would be around 100 pounds to get to the airport and then tried to get us a cab by speaking to a cab driver that was waiting. The driver started waving the bellhop off and asked us if we needed a ride. Once we…",Date of stay: December 2015,5.0
2085,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2090-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Worth it for the location,"Aside from the comfort you know you'll be afforded with the Hilton name, this property is a gem for the location alone. You are literally right next to the Paddington tube stop and rail station, making getting around London super convenient, with access to several tube lines. If you're going to/from Heathrow, the Heathrow Express service begins and ends at Paddington, making this hotel extremely convenient for travellers. Staff are friendly, there are great amenities, and the hotel is clean. The only slightly annoying thing is that you have to pay for internet service, which many other hotels offer for free. Still, this property is very worthwhile for travellers on the go.",Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
2086,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2090-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Conveniant location, slightly disorganised, lovely decor.","The art deco décor of this hotel is lovely and charming.  The shower is great, towels abundant and lovely, bedding was nice and bed was ok. Regardless of being in the train station we could hear no outside noise at all and I was impressed by the black out curtains.  The breakfast is great and the staff at breakfast are helpful and organized which is the opposite for the reception staff who are unhelpful and slightly snobby / rude (I regularly stay at 4-5 star hotels not looking like a typical ""5 star"" customer and Hilton staff are the only ones who don't seem to understand I am a paying customer too).  After a long wait to check in the reception clerk promised to send me a form to join Hilton Honours and this did not arrive as I was checked in I was treated very differently to…",Date of stay: November 2015,3.0
2087,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2090-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Good Service and a Nice Room,"Despite the crazy London costs, this stay was very enjoyable. The room was larger than usual, and the service was better than usual. We have stayed here a few times before and they keep on improving. Keep it up!!",Date of stay: August 2015,4.0
2088,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2090-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Well located/Hyde Park,The hotel was very conveniently located right at Paddington Station and the endpoint for the Heathrow Express.  We were able to jump into the subway to get to more central locations but the park was easy walking distance.  Staff was very friendly and helpful during our stay including the 7th floor lounge and the concierge.  I recommend the upgraded rooms - quite spacious and comfortable.,Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
2089,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2090-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"The Hilton, Paddington","very clean, spotless and comfortable hotel with easy access to the tube and train station at Paddington from the hotel. however there are no parking facilities and the room heating did not blow warm all night, it was a bit cold.",Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
2090,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2095-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Afternoon tea,Staff was so lovely and friendly nothing was too much trouble for them made us feel really special and thanks to Jessica who was brilliant she was so happy and helpful she even seated us early for our lovely afternoon tea will definitely be going back soon ,Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
2091,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2095-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Hilton Paddington Art Deco,Chose this hotel for a New Year Break and enjoyed the ambience. Room was excellent - we did not like the first offer but staff were quick and caring to offer us the type of room we wanted. A minor hiccup over breakfast was likewise quickly dealt with. All went extremely well and the only real thing wrong was that it had to come to an end.,Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
2092,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2095-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Easy access to Transportation,"We went on a family trip to London and the location of the Hilton Paddington was excellent.  It is not in the most touristy part of town but there are great local restaurants an easy walk away and the tube is right outside your door with easy access to all sites and attractions and easy access from and to Heathrow.  We had a hard time moderating the temperature in our our room and it was a bit noisy due to outside traffic but overall, the location outweighed the negatives.",Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
2093,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2095-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Convenient location,I always stay in this hotel when I need to travel outside London. You can catch any train accessing the station from the lobby. It is also very easy to reach from Heathrow by train. The hotel is nice and the rooms are cozy and spacious for London standards. ,Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
2094,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2095-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,First Class Hotel!,"The Hilton Hotel, Paddington is excellent in every way.  Staff are all pleasant and helpful, and the bedrooms and bathrooms are all clean and spacious, with an extremely comfortable king size bed.  We have stayed in this same hotel for 4 consecutive years and it never disappoints.  An excellent breakfast with a good variety, and cooked to perfection.",Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
2095,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2100-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great location for Paddington and the rest of central London.,"We stayed in the GWR tower rooms . Very nicely fitted out , Lovely decor and really nice bathroom. We had access to the Tower Executive Suite which is a lovely quiet place to relax. Slightly disappointed by the offering in the executive bar, the plates were not often replenished and so if you arrive late you could miss out.  Very comfortable bed. I'd recommend paying the premium for the executive lounge suite though as it is so much more relaxing than the bar areas",Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
2096,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2100-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great location,Bottom line...Great place to stay.  The location next to the station was perfect. The executive lounge is also well worth it.  The food in the lounge was always full and you could order toast/eggs.  We had a queen suite facing the road and weren't really bothered by noise from the road or the ambulances from the hospital up the road.  The staff was nice and very helpful.,Date of stay: December 2015,5.0
2097,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2100-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,New Year 2016,Stayed 30 dec to 2 Jan with family. Booked through Booking.com. Were allocated room number 438 on the forth floor which was large family room with king size bed and folding bed. The view we had was overlooking railway station.,Date of stay: December 2015,5.0
2098,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2100-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Going the same way as all Hiltons,"Once this was a great hotel, now it just average, I don't think I will be staying here for much longer, we have stay here for years and got to know many of the staff, its a shame that most Hiltons are going the same way.",Date of stay: December 2015,3.0
2099,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2100-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Art Deco Luxury,"One of my favourite hotels to stay in London. Good transports links, and being a railway hotel, right next to stations. Despite that it is a peaceful and quiet hotel. The rooms are spacious and superbly decorated in the Art Deco style, lots of light wood and patterned carpets and upholstery give a real feeling of luxury. The bathroom has everything you need to freshen up after a long day. The temperature of the room was perfect and the air conditioning was hardly needed at all. An extensive choice at breakfast sets you up perfectly for the day. To conclude, this hotel has everything you need for a comfortable night's rest.",Date of stay: December 2015,5.0
2100,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2105-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great service and surprising food,"We are a family of three members, my wife and my young daughter. We went for dinner the night of 31st december (night year´s eve). Food was really nice (we loved nase goring) and the service was excellent. Thanks Ortiz for the suggestion, we loved that Malasian dish. Again thanks Ortiz, you made us feel very welcome at the restaurant and the service provided was very professional.",Date of stay: December 2015,5.0
2101,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2105-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,GWR Tower - Newly renovated - good for central location and Heathrow Express,"If you have tried using this Hilton in the past and been disappointed, as I have, I would suggest you try the newly renovated GWR Tower which is something of a hotel within a hotel. The older part of the hotel needs renovating and a great deal of work in terms of customer service. The Tower is much better - a bit of a hike to get to your room as you have to find your way through other parts of the hotel (via several elevator changes!) but the result if well worth it. Our room was brand new, fresh and offered all you could need in a short break - particularly if you have an early start in the morning. Generally a good visit - however, on the night I stayed the GWR lounge was not open for breakfast and having breakfast in the main restaurant is a horrible experience - best…",Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
2102,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2105-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Late drinks and only place open ,"Went in here for a couple of late beers (11.30pm) before getting a train back from Paddington. The best I can say is it backs on to Paddington and would normally be 30 seconds to the platforms but the doors to the station were closed on this visit making it a 2-3 minute walk, not a problem.  In general I found the place worn, dated and pretty expensive. Service was pretty poor and beers weren't great. Won't visit again in a hurry and may even get an earlier train next time rather than visit",Date of stay: December 2015,2.0
2103,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2105-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Brasserie: Dinner was good but service was dismal,"It was New Year's Eve and as I hadn't been feeling too well, I had decided to stay away from parties and crowds and thought it a good idea to have a nice quiet dinner on my own. I wanted some quiet time before heading out to an 11pm watch night church service to usher in the new year with a couple of friends. I chose the Hilton London Paddington mainly due to proximity/convenience and I also wanted to be assured of at least a certain standard of quality and service. I walked into the Brasserie Restaurant and unfortunately stood there for ages before anyone came to find me a seat. (It reminded me of another similar unpleasant situation at the Brasserie du Theatre in Avignon, S. France, which was unfortunately recommended by my hotel concierge; I will never ever step into that…",Date of stay: December 2015,3.0
2104,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2105-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Terrible,"The concierge was fantastic. Most of the people in the restaurant were as well. The front desk is outright rude. Air conditioning didn't work first two nights, the clerk got upset when we called to tell them. The gentleman that finally fixed our air was very nice and polite. They charged a few things incorrectly on our bill. The wifi DOES NOT work in the rooms at all. Honestly, as super frequent travelers with various gold status in different hotel chains we are usually very pleased with Hilton. Change the front desk staff ASAP. Rudest I've seen in a long while. Typically when things go this wrong, there is some humility from the staff. Zero. ",Date of stay: January 2016,2.0
2105,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2110-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Mrs,Rooms as expected from a Hilton but terrible customer service. Duty manager not willing to take any responsibility so it makes me ask what is his job?????. Will not be staying there again on principle or in any other Hilton. ,Date of stay: December 2015,1.0
2106,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2110-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,New Years Eve,"I have an early flight on the 1st of January back to the States and this hotel put me in a room directly above a large New Years Eve party. I seem to be directly above the speakers in this party and the bass is shaking my room. I don't think that being a Diamond Elite, which I am, is anything that special or that I require great treatment, but no guest should have to have a room with this much noise ever. I am not expecting to sleep much tonight.",Date of stay: December 2015,1.0
2107,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2110-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Nice Hotel, Helpful friendly staff","Stayed just 1 night 27th Dec 2015 to take in London sights after christmas. Hotel in great position next to stations & bus stops.Hotel very smart & clean, nice bedroom, A little busy for breakfast as everyone wanted to eat at same time - but no major problem. Husband left his phone charger behind & they kindly posted it on to us. Would stay again.",Date of stay: December 2015,5.0
2108,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2110-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Comfortable hotel excellent location for Paddington station,"We stayed one night B&B. The room was clean and very comfortable. There was a good selection for breakfast. The hotel is in an excellent location if travelling into Paddington, as you can get to it from inside the station. We were also able to leave our luggage there until we were ready to leave on the train. Booked through Tesco club card so excellent value!",Date of stay: November 2015,4.0
2109,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2110-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel but don't bother with Guest Relations ,"Came to London for 2 nights in between christmas / new year and stayed here in one of the suites. It was a good size and being a suite meant the kids got their own room, so no one felt cramped. The bathroom was huge, the bed was massive and comfy.  There was nothing really luxurious but there was complimentary water, tea, coffee (filter) and things like shampoo, body lotion etc. The suite had tv's, mp3 player/radio, a kettle, coffee pot, hair dryer, data port, mini bar. There was a happy hour in the restaurant until 20:30 every evening for executive guests and that had complimentary wine, beer and soft drinks. Breakfast was very good. There was plenty of choice from cereal to fruit to a full cooked English so everyone found something that they liked. There was a bit of noise…",Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
2110,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2115-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Booked for Location,Conveniently located in a nice part of town.  Great for getting to the airport.  Rooms are comfortable and clean.  Easy walking distance to lots of nice shops and a several cinemas (I was just there for the night so I went to see the new Star Wars movie :D).  Decent price for London.  It is right above the train station though so don't open a window - it wasn't really a problem though.,Date of stay: December 2015,5.0
2111,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2115-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Exceptional convenience, service is hit or miss","I'm a Hilton Diamond member so stayed in a ton of Hilton properties. I have a somewhat love, hate relationship with this property but continue to return.   I love the fact if timing works perfectly I can deplane at London Heathrow, clear immigration and customs, hop on the Heathrow Express and be walking into the Paddington Station entrance to the hotel in 30 minutes. If timing is off in terms of queues or train times, it takes no more than an hour. The hotel is also directly above London underground and minutes from the lovely Hyde Park.  I hate the inconsistent service at the hotel...sometimes outstanding and sometime infuriating and usually indifferent.   The standard rooms are a little dated, but always clean and sufficient for a one / two night stay in the city. The updated…",Date of stay: December 2015,3.0
2112,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2115-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Very nice!,Clean and very convenient to the train station and eateries. Staff was very friendly and accommodating. Business room provided computers and printers to print out airline and train tickets. Would definitely stay here again and recommend to friends.,Date of stay: October 2015,5.0
2113,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2115-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,great spot for sight seeing,We spent a week here in June & found our room to be clean & a enjoyed our stay.  We didn't rent a car so wanted to be near public transportation.  The Hilton is perfectly located with a train station adjacent to the lobby & a subway stop next door.  We caught the train from the airport & got off at Paddington & walked up the escalator to the Hilton.  We never even had to go outside.  Food options & a small market is right there so if you want to grab something it's all literally right outside the lobby.  We were able to take the subway wherever we wanted & we walked 2 blocks down to catch the red double decker tourist bus.  There are restaurants outside the station that are just across the street.  Noise didn't bother us sleeping but we were tired & might have slept thru it if…,Date of stay: June 2015,5.0
2114,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2115-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Centrally located,"Basically I'm studying in London, a week ago my parents arrived so I booked them here. The property is really great. The staff is friendly and active, The rooms are spacious , neat and tidy good house keeping , well maintained equipped with one of the best guest amenities. The services are swift. The breakfast had a good spread. Overall it was a wonderful experience. I stayed with them for a day.  Rooms- 5/5 Service- 4/5 Good-3/5 ( everyday the menu was same ( British breakfast standard) ",Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
2115,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2120-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Easy access to transportation,"Easy access from the train and underground as the hotel is directly connected to the station, especially convenient in bad weather. Heathrow express gets you there from the airport in 20 minutes. However, the area around the hotel is not interesting. There is a Tesco about 15 minutes walk and a couple of restaurants near by. Also you can get tickets to shows from a shop about 2-3 minute walk from there. The executive room and the family room were quite roomy. The curtains really keep light out which is great for sleep. The kettle and tea/coffee in the room is also nice. The shower in our room did not have a soap dish, which was a bother, but other than that, was fine. Amenities are ok too. The hotel is dated, but is clean and comfortable. Executive lounge wasn't bad.…",Date of stay: December 2015,3.0
2116,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2120-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great location,I had a flying visit to London recently and stayed at this hotel.  It was in a great location and the hotel itself was first class.  I arrived and left and unsociable hours but the service offered was very slick.  I would recommend this hotel for business travels.,Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
2117,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2120-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Needs upgrades. ,We have stayed at Hilton London Paddington many times. It has the perfect location. It is connected to the Paddington station. You can take Heathrow Express from the airport and walk few hundred steps to this hotel. The tube station underneath makes traveling within London very convenient. But we are not sure whether to stay here next time we are in London. The hotel needs total upgrade. The carpets on the public area are becoming thread bear. The decor in lobby is outdated and requires overhaul. The restaurant tables are totally scratched free of any polish. They look like tables from some pit stop rather than a Hilton. Even the table mats are frayed. The service in the restaurant is also not that great.  Concierge staff was  very helpful and friendly.  The room also needs some…,Date of stay: November 2015,3.0
2118,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2120-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Convenient to train station,Our deluxe room and bathroom were of an average size.  The bed and pillows lived up to the Hilton Hotel standards and allowed us to sleep well in an overheated room. Our room was quiet which for London was exceptional.  The room faced an inner courtyard and this reduced any noise from outside.  The hotel while old is reasonable quality for London.  My only gripe was the breakfast and in particular the hot breakfast which was not the quality I expected of a 4 star hotel. The staff were attentive but our room needed a spring clean.  Around the bed and telephone there were layers of dust which were a problem for me as I am asthmatic.,Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
2119,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2120-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Meeting Business Colleague in Lobby,"Very warm welcome. with baggage and found a comfortable table for two to meet guest, no pressure to buy anything, chatted with  for a while then a staff member appeared discreetly. Offered refreshments. Shared Latte. Was able to spend almost an hour in privacy in a public place. Appreciated the service. Thanks",Date of stay: December 2015,5.0
2120,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2125-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Aged facilities, good service and location ","The staff and the location overcome the oldish facilities. Very good breakfast choices and a tube station right outside the doorstep. Concierge, front desk, and housekeeping were all very helpful. There are many restaurant and bars near by and Hyde park is 5-10 min walk. ",Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
2121,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2125-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Not what it used to be,"The place has gone down hill since a few years ago. Not sure if this is a Hilton thing or just the location. Poor sound proofing, equipment in room not working, the sound of plumbing is loud, heat and AC not working, rooms not properly stocked on arrival or erratically stocked with each day's housekeeping. The staff are pleasant and try their best but there seems to be a systemic issue. Would expect more compulsion to property management for a 4 star. ",Date of stay: December 2015,2.0
2122,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2125-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Treated like criminals,"Our stay was marred by an express checkout envelope which was pushed  through our door and only by chance did I check it out. I was tempted to use the express checkout as we had arrived after a flight from Dubai and just needed to sleep. The envelope contained a bill for food and drinks for food and drinks at a bar when we were sleeping fast in our bedroom. Luckily I did check and found a bill for items we had not consumed when we checked out we questioned the bill and  we were treated like criminals and has to wait a considerable time at the reception desk, even though the signature on the bill did not match the signiture on my husband's credit card. We were left humiliated and really disappointed at the lack of service and time taken to o resolve the situation. The stat was…",Date of stay: November 2015,3.0
2123,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2125-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Xmas at the Hilton,"My wife and myself had a very enjoyable stay at the Paddington Hilton 24th, 25th and 26th of December. The staff provided excellent service over the festive period and made our stay a very welcome one. Particular thanks to Szilvia, Marios and Abrian in the Restaurant. The food was very good and there was an excellent selection of food on the menu.  A big thank you to all of the other staff at the Hilton and we look forward to seeing you again in the very near future.",Date of stay: December 2015,5.0
2124,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2125-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Not as posh anymore.,"I stayed here a couple of times 10 years or so and as far as I recall I was quite pleased. Now not so.2 mates and I booked a ""family room"" which, judging from the size of it, must have been manufactured to fit a family of elfs. It was no larger than a typical double room. Everything in the room was outdated brownish, a little bit like time travel to the 80's. The location is spot on. It was clean though but the English love of fitted carpets never understand I will. The bed was hard and the pillows were swapped to a different kind after the first 2 nights. I liked the first ones best. The room had a thermostat but no matter what you tuned it to the room was hot. Very HOT. We have no complaints on the cleaning or the staff. We didn't have the breakfast since its overpriced. No…",Date of stay: December 2015,3.0
2125,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2130-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Hilton Paddington,The location of this hotel is very good indeed. There is direct access from Paddington station which is the terminal for the Heathrow express. So 15-20 mins from check out to check in. Paddington is also a transport hub with good links and over the years has gradually shed its seedy backwater image with some nice new developments and general improvement of the area as a whole.,Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
2126,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2130-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,GWR Tower makes a difference!,"This was my first time staying at the London Paddington (overnight travel from Manchester to Reading) and I decided to book a room in the GWR tower.  First I'll speak about what most talk about - the location. It really is a great location for those travelling to/from Heathrow or those needing access to Paddington station for other reasons. It's attached to the station and can be easily accessed without the need for stairs (in case you're carrying heavy luggage). You are around the centre of London so expect to find restaurants, pubs, bars, shopping etc just around the corner.   Next - the hotel itself. Admittedly walking around some of the main hotel (it is a bit of a walk to the GWR tower, and two separate elevators) it does look a bit tired, but the GWR tower seems to be…",Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
2127,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2130-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Our Paddington Palace!,"This was our second stay in Paddington. During our first visit in 2013, we had stayed in a much smaller hotel located just around the corner from the Hilton London Paddington. For our most recent stay in Paddington earlier this year, we decided to treat ourselves with a stay in a larger hotel. Our travel agent made our booking for us and was able to achieve what we thought was a very good room rate, for an extended stay at this hotel. When we arrived after a long train trip from Edinburgh to King’s Cross and a taxi journey across town, our bags were taken care of by a porter and check-in was completed quickly and efficiently. After making our way to our room, we were pleasantly surprised by its size. It was at least twice the size of our room in the other Paddington hotel and it…",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
2128,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2130-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Location is truly everything...,"I am a frequent and exclusive visitor to this property given that I have recently had to be in London once a month. 99% of the reason I stay here: location.  The Heathrow Express pulls into Paddington Station and the hotel is located a mere 500 feet away.  The convenience honestly can't be beat.  And if you're going to have to endure a redeye from the US, arriving at an ungodly hour, this hotel is a great option.  No hassle with London tube (though it's located in your lobby!) and no additional movement required -- just get off the express train from Heathrow and be in your room in lightning speed.  That said, this hotel could work on the personal touch and service conformity/continuity.  I adore the waitstaff in the mornings for breakfast.  The omelette chef recognizes me now…",Date of stay: December 2015,3.0
2129,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2130-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Well Located,This hotel is just up the ramp from Paddington station and you can walk there in about 5 minutes (luggage depending). We got a good deal with breakfast each day. This tends to be a busy business hotel. The finishes and fittings in the hotel are top class. The only issue we had was with the room cleaning as the cleaner involved seemed to be trying to arrange our day around her cleaning schedule. Wi-Fi was not very good,Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
2130,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2135-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,A good hotel and an excellent location,"Having left London to live in the country after 35 years I frequently myself returning on business or pleasure. This is my first stay at the Hilton Paddington.  Originally the hotel serving the terminus of the Great Western Railway, the GWR logo can be seen still. It was obviously quite a smart place and the wide corridors and grand staircase suggests. Now it's a Hilton and not among my favourite chains mainly because of very simple things, they still charge for broadband,  expensive mini bar prices and Hiltons always seem to be extremely hot. This one scores on all three but has one additional (and perhaps contentious issue) the staff I spoke with weren't particularly friendly (even courteous in a professional way) or easy to understand. This said, the receptionist was quite…",Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
2131,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2135-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great location,"Essentially flew into Heathrow and took the Heathrow express which takes you to Paddington station where the hotel is directly connected. Makes for a quick and easy day trip to London for business. The staff are friendly and courteous. Location is ok, not much to do around the hotel. ",Date of stay: June 2015,5.0
2132,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2135-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,VERY Convenient Location,"It was our first time in London thus, the location was great. It was easy to get to the hotel after a very long flight i.e heathrow express and easy to get around the city. Check-in was hassle free and super quick. Room was clean and tidy. However, limited TV channels offered and TV was abit on the old side. And the wi-fi didn't work! Porter; Prakash was very friendly and always greeted our baby...and us! 👍🏽 overall, we enjoyed our 5 day stay! ",Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
2133,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2135-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Comfort stay,Stayed for two nights on a business trip....there is a train station right across the hotel which faster to reach airport than by car... The check in delayed by the junior lady counter staff...so  after waiting for 20 minutes approched the senior looking guy and the room was already ready and I was simply kept on waiting...Requested for the free wifi code as I was already enrolled in the hilton website...please do so....The room food staff etc were good and you can walk around the place to see a small area called little Venice or some parks around ,Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
2134,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2135-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"High Prices, Mediocre Service","Excellent location next to Paddington Station and the Heathrow Express is the only reason why this 3 star hotel can get away with their price level. There is nothing really wrong with this hotel with great history except that they think it's ok to charge for stuff that most other hotels consider standard amenities included in the (much more reasonable) room rates: such as breakfast and internet connection. They both were excellent in their own right, but if I pay £205 per night for a single room I think they should be included in the price. The fresh water was.",Date of stay: December 2015,2.0
2135,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2140-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Great location, shame about everything else ","Stayed here for my last night in the uk, flying back to Australia the following day. Booked it primarily for its convenient location to Paddington station and the Heathrow express... But also am a Hilton honours member and you expect a high standard from the Hilton brand  Unfortunately that was not to be. Waited a very long time to check in despite there not being much of a queue, and if already checked in online anyway...  Room was very clean but decor and bathroom old and shabby... Ok it's an old London hotel... Not a massive issue.   What most annoyed me during my stay was housekeeping on the morning of check out. Check out isn't until midday. They came into my room multiple times from 830am each time waking me up... To the point I called reception and told them I wouldn't be…",Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
2136,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2140-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Good Hotel in Excellent Location,"I have now stayed at this hotel on a number of occasions, and I am always pleased with the standard of the rooms, and the location. Check-in tends to be hassle free and quick, and the hotel has a bustling bar area if you need a drink. Rooms are of a decent standard and I have never found them to be dirty or in need of an uplift. Most importantly, and surprisingly for Paddington, the rooms are of a decent size, always a bonus.",Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
2137,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2140-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Party 🎉 Hall ,Absolutely Amazingly Awesome (AAA) 5star treatment (*) (*) (*) (*) (*)  Overflowing of champagne @ the reception 📶 with very friendly staff.  The food 🍲 was excellent in preparation & serving. :-D  An absolute pleasure to party 🎉 ,Date of stay: December 2015,5.0
2138,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2140-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,One night before heading home,"I've always stared with envy at this hotel literally outside Paddington Station as I make my way to a hotel further away. My stays in the area are always one night, before heading to Heathrow and then home. However for whatever reason when I checked the rate it was in my range so I decided to give this place a try.   Good but not great, right from the start. The lobby staff was thorough but not particularly friendly which is always a surprise. I had checked in online so there wasn't much to do but they offered me nothing more than my key.  The room was certainly large enough and clean, although the hallways are dimly lit and a bit worn. In room internet access was fine but they do tease you with faster connections for a fee (hate when they do that).   Finally the lobby bar…",Date of stay: December 2015,3.0
2139,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2140-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great location,"The location of the hotel was excellent, just a short walk to London Paddington station and about ten minutes walk to Hyde Park. There were many local eateries to suit various budget, local supermarkets and corner shops that open till late into the night.  The room and bath room were clean. The room was spacious with a comfy queen size bed and modern deco. The thermostat in the room was set too high and was unable to turn down the temperature. My best experience was the breakfast which was lovely with many selections to choose from. The staff at the restaurant were also helpful. My least fav moment was the noise caused by the creaking floor board from the room directly above mine, it lasted frequently during the night and in the early hours of the morning too. If you are a light…",Date of stay: November 2015,4.0
2140,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2145-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Fantastic ,Stayed in this lovely hotel for 3 nights in a deluxe room ..what a surprise to find the underground and the train station linked to the hotel ...Fantastic location and ease of access around London. The staff where all  wonderful and nothing too much trouble .Loved the gym and it's 24 hr access ..The breakfast was delightful. .plenty of choice ..the food and drink in the hotel was expensive as you expect in London so chose to eat out ..plenty of eating places around and Sainsbury s in the station to top up the Moet. ..all in all fab hotel ..looking to book again for Valentines day ...,Date of stay: December 2015,5.0
2141,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2145-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great Jr Suite,"Street side room. Bed was very comfy and room was large. Expensive with American $. Right at the train station, perfect to go to Heathrow. Exec breakfast very good. If you can afford don't hesitate. Staff was excellent!",Date of stay: November 2015,5.0
2142,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2145-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Comfy room with nice decor,Good location. Next to Paddington station which is a direct 15 mins ride to Heathrow airport and the station is linked to various railways so that you can quickly travel to various locations in London.   Nice room and big bathroom but unfortunately the flush of the toilet was not working so that was the only downside of the stay.,Date of stay: November 2015,4.0
2143,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2145-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Quick access,"Whether using the Heathrow Express, the underground, or taxi services, this hotel is convenient to all. Also central for the holiday traveler as the underground in across the street. Rooms are spacious by London standards. Free wifi available. No Nespresso machine, but had a kettle and coffee sachets. Bed was comfortable, but not Kingsize. Bathroom is adequate and as expected. Did not do meals in the hotel as there are many restaurants in the close proximity. An enjoyable stay with Hilton consistency. ",Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
2144,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2145-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,All good,"Pleasant helpful staff, clean room, good breakfast. Excellent location, Hyde Park only a short walk, Paddington tube station opposite the front door of the hotel. Plenty of restaurants in the local area (don't use Garfunkle's really bad I'll be posting a review) One bad point the items in the mini bar in the room are a brutal price (small Pringles £5????? Crazy)",Date of stay: December 2015,5.0
2145,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2150-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,NEVER GOT TO STAY HERE,The hotel had no record of our reservation. What a rip off.  The voucher provided was not worth the paper it was printed on.  Calls to their customer service immediately following receipt of the voucher did suggest that the reservation had been cancelled so we assumed at that point that it was a total scam up front.  Repeated calls to have funds returned to my credit card went unanswered.  VERY BAD company to deal with - I thought  Trivago would be more selective of the services that they promote on their site.  How wrong I was.,Date of stay: November 2015,1.0
2146,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2150-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Standard Hilton Fare, Adjacent to Train Station, Priced Accordingly","There are certainly cheaper places to stay, but you can literally be walking out of the lobby and boarding the Heathrow Express in less than five minutes.  Pretty standard room, clean and up to date.  Very helpful staff.  You are paying for convenience.",Date of stay: November 2015,4.0
2147,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2150-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Wonderful Experience- Amazing Staff!,"The Hilton at Paddington was amazing, the staff from the front desk to the Concierge desk was wonderful. I came to London with my family and they made us feel special! The rooms were clean and the hotel overall was very beautiful. The room was spacious and beautiful.",Date of stay: December 2015,5.0
2148,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2150-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,A nice place to call home for a few weeks!,"The Hilton Paddington is my home for several weeks while in London on business. I am a Diamond Hilton member, with high standards when it comes to travel. The facilities are well located (connected to Paddington Station) and near multiple lovely city parks. I am in a Tower room (the most updated part of the hotel), which is large by European standards, updated with high end bath fixtures and a walk in closet. Highlights are the staff (friendly! warm! accommodating!), the hotel restaurant (delicious food, artful presentation and excellent service). A special mention to Sachin and Adrian from the Brasserie, who made me immediately feel welcome and delighted! I look forward to my stay, and highly recommend this spot for discriminating business travelers.",Date of stay: December 2015,5.0
2149,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2150-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Wonderful experience,I have just spent 6 nights at this wonderful Art Deco hotel. You simply cannot beat the location. Paddington is full of restaurants and great pubs. The hotel itself is connected to Paddington station and the tube. We were offered an upgrade at check in which was a pleasant surprise. The rooms are thoroughly serviced each day. I would definitely stay here again. An excellent experience.,Date of stay: December 2015,5.0
2150,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2155-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Excellent location. Customer service & housekeeping need improvement,"Excellent location connected to the main Paddington Station with easy access to the Tube/Subway and train to other parts of UK or Heathrow Express to the airport. However, the there are multiple nights that I see dirty towels with black marks and sometimes body hair given as clean towels for our room. There are also bathrobes available and again, I got dirty ones with black stains. I am not sure if the housekeeping really clean my room or he/she just exchange my towels with the ones next door.  My mother who traveled with us, she is a Hilton Diamond member who booked a suite room. However, she was told that her room is not available when it was already passed mid-day and she was assigned to a second floor room. She had to eventually talked to the manager in order to have her…",Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
2151,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2155-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Everything you want when on business,"This isn't the most romantic, quaint or attractive hotel, but I have been here a number of times for business and can't fault it.   The location next to the train station and tube is very helpful, the restaurant and bars are good, the business centre is convenient and staff were accommodating. The lunch for day delegates is always very good quality and I can never eat as much of it as I would want!  ",Date of stay: December 2015,5.0
2152,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2155-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great location,"This hotel has access to the train as well as the tube. The neighborhood is full of restaurants and shops that are easy to walk to. The hotel staff were helpful, and the hotel is clean and charming. We stayed in the Tower rooms which are comfortable and made use of the lounge with great choices of fresh food and beverages as well as a computer and televisions. Very nice place to stay.",Date of stay: November 2015,5.0
2153,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2155-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Excellent location at the end of the Heathrow express platform,"Very good location in London for business travel. Easy to get to many business addresses by tube. Good meeting point rooms are roomy but with the exception of the new towers room, getting a bit dated. Very nice breakfast experience. All in all, nice hotel with location being one of its most compelling qualities.",Date of stay: November 2015,5.0
2154,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2155-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Business meeting, pre lunch drinks and lunch for 100+, all done well.","Having had many meetings and meals (formal and informal) at this hotel over the years they are consistent in the quality of food and service. The reception and concierge staff are always on hand to help, even when very  busy one gets personal  attention.",Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
2155,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2160-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Mixed view,Stayed one night after trip to theatre in central London. Some things were great. Some things not so!  Pros Proximity to transport Large and well appointed room Bathroom was decent size Comfy beds Executive lounge was great Front desk staff were pleasant and helpful  Cons My 9 year old found an opened packet of condoms in the drawer in the bedroom - really not acceptable 20 minute queue for breakfast Breakfast was average at best. 10% service charge at the bar (not just for table service)  ,Date of stay: December 2015,3.0
2156,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2160-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Booking confirmation ignored,"I was very disappointed when after flying in from Düsseldorf I had to learn that my booking, reference number, reservation number etc. turned out worthless as the hotel could not deliver a room. Duty manager offered no help either.   Had to Return my Hilton Honour Card since I can't Trust even written confirmations any longer.",Date of stay: December 2015,1.0
2157,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2160-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Easy to get to/from Paddington Station,"Super easy connection at Paddington Station where the Heathrow Express takes 15 minutes to or from Heathrow Airport. There is a lobby bar and a Starbucks adjacent to the hotel. The hotel is super clean and well maintained. My room had a hot water pot, coffee and tea.",Date of stay: November 2015,5.0
2158,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2160-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Perfect location for a brief visit, average hotel","I stayed just one night in London between flights and was looking for a hotel outside of the airport, yet convenient.  The Hilton London Paddington is just that, with very easy access from LHR via the Heathrow Express.  In general, the stay was just average, rooms outdated, heat not working terribly well (I was too lazy to complain about it, and feel that reception would have done something about it).  I wouldn't recommend this hotel for a longer stay.",Date of stay: November 2015,3.0
2159,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2160-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Exemplary Concierge memorable,"Travelling alone with my 12 & 15 yr old for the first time, I was very nervous arriving in an unfamiliar city such as London. Because of my unfamiliarity with this city, I chose this hotel to avoid having to change trains at Paddington dragging kids and luggage. Arriving was so easy: step off the Heathrow Express, take the escalator up one flight and there is the hotel! The room was clean and well appointed. We noticed that there wasn't a sofa bed & thought the booking had been mixed up. After calling the front desk and believing a standard cot to be on the way, housekeeping arrived with a properly made single bed. Within a few minutes, the bed was complete with finishing touches to complement the king size bed. Our room had a terrace which was very much appreciated. The terrace…",Date of stay: July 2015,5.0
2160,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2165-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Lovely Stay,"After a trouble free check in we were very pleasantly surprised by the standard of our family room.  It was large and clean.  Breakfast had a slight hiccup as we had to wait a little  for a table for four, but no bother and we all enjoyed the food tremendously.  There was a huge choice and you could eat as much as you liked. We will definitely try and stay at The Paddington Hilton the next time we decide to take a short break in London.",Date of stay: November 2015,5.0
2161,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2165-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great location,Great location within London Paddington station. Staff were attentive and helpful. Rooms exactly what you would expect from the Hilton group. Price was really reasonable as booked through booking.com. Would definitely stay again. Beds extremely comfortable. ,Date of stay: November 2015,5.0
2162,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2165-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Disrespect !!,"We had visit the Hotel last week , and we have a nice room , so we made the same reservation for today , but they give us smaller room and king bed , and its me and my father !! When we go down and complained , the Manager say Should I hang my self in the Lobby!? , maybe he think we are coming to have a drink with him , not give a complement and they didn't help us , just to upgrade with extra charge !!",Date of stay: November 2015,1.0
2163,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2165-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Standard of service remains excellent,"This is premium priced but its worth it. Toing and froing from the west country meant that travel was eased as Paddington station is just out of the back door, so it helped with an early start. Really great and thoughtful staff, particularly on arrival and departure. Only downsides - it takes a while to get a lift (6th floor) and decor is starting to look a little dated - although certainly not shabby. I'm told they have extended and there are some really nice new rooms in another part of the building. Might be worth asking about these. If you select your room on line it gives no indication. But yes very good indeed.",Date of stay: November 2015,4.0
2164,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2165-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,This was the PERFECT place for our family to stay while in London.,"What a great place for our family to stay during our 4-day visit to London earlier this month.  As earlier reviewers suggested, upon check-in we asked if there were any upgrades available that day.  Glad to hear that there was.  Instead of a single roll-away at the foot of our master bed, we got a 1-bedroom suite, and the sitting room had a sofa-sleeper.  Both of these rooms had their own TV, plenty of room to place our suitcases and shopping bags; plus our daughter had her own room!  The bathroom was BIG.  Had a great shower/tub combination, and we loved their big, fluffy towels.  We had a great room attendant.  Every day we had ample soap bars for both sink and shower, and wonderful towels ready to go.  Enjoyed breakfasts each morning downstairs.  The housekeeping staff did a…",Date of stay: November 2015,5.0
2165,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2170-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Three long weekends,"We stayed here for three long weekends in a period of six weeks. Great location right at Paddington Station with bus and rail connections to all parts of London and the UK. The hotel is Art Deco style and comfortable but there is a serious problem with noise from the ""Steambar"" on Friday and Saturday nights when parties continue until 3:00 AM.  We heard from a number of sources that this is an ongoing problem engendering many complaints and while the hotel changed our room to a very nice (and quiet) room in ""The Tower"", apparently they have not responded to complaints by making a basic change such as soundproofing the bar from where the noise originates.  Full marks for dealing with complaints, no marks for solving the problem.  If you are considering staying here, the best…",Date of stay: November 2015,3.0
2166,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2170-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Grand Old Railway Hotel,"My wife and I stayed here for two nights this last weekend. It says on a plaque outside that it was formerly the Great Western Railway Royal Hotel, and that sets the tone. The entrance lobby is worth seeing for the wonderful marble floor. Staff on Reception were very courteous and helpful [thank you Grazia]. We had a room on the 5th floor, and we may have been upgraded as it was very spacious. The bathroom had separate bath and shower, and the toiletries were kept topped up. We had twin beds, which were comfortable, and the tea and coffee making facilities were very welcome. [We had a kettle and a coffee making machine!]. Breakfast was excellent with a good choice befitting a hotel of this standard. You are shown to your table, and coffee and/or tea is brought to you by friendly…",Date of stay: November 2015,4.0
2167,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2170-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Poor customer service,Never had reason to complain about Hilton service in the past . I was traveling alone with my two weeks luggage . Specifically asked for a convenient room or even an upgrade if available.i am a Gold member. The receptionist was confused at what I asked and had a 'manager' answer me. He offhandedly told me 'no ' and handed me a key. When I exited the elevators with my luggage  I was faced with a flight of stairs to my room floor...!! I dragged my luggage up watched by two passers by . I am a 70 year old woman . The room itself was fine and the restaurant served acceptable food. When did we start to think we could give such poor service and get away with it?,Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
2168,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2170-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Ehhh,"Location is good Lady at the front desk is grumpy. Rooms are hot and the cold air comes out hot. Sink was clogged. Only one tiny bar of soap. Bathrooms are fair, nothing fancy. No slippers or robes . Rooms very hot, oh wait I said that already. Just up from the Paddington train station. ",Date of stay: November 2015,3.0
2169,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2170-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Consistently fabulous service,"What a great and convenient Railway Hotel. Stayed many times and ANY troubles are sorted.Easiy accessed from Heathrow and the Western Railway. Tube is close and easy to access, makes for great days touring Thanks",Date of stay: September 2015,4.0
2170,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2175-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Fantastic location,"Stayed here with 3 other friends, the room was really spacious with two big double beds and a great sized bathroom.  Fantastic location right beside Paddington Train stations.  Not much buzz in the hotel if that's what you require, but a great central location for visiting the sights of London",Date of stay: November 2015,5.0
2171,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2175-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Typical,"Great location by the Underground and plenty of restaurants too.  The staff was nice, rooms were average by Hilton standards.  However they were very quiet considering my room overlooked the station.  The breakfast was very good though.",Date of stay: November 2015,4.0
2172,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2175-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Convenient and comfortable,"Very comfortable place, which due to its convenient location at Paddington railway station can serve as an alternative to on site Heathrow airport hotel (every 15 minutes only 15 minutes by Heathrow express). Rooms are spacious and clean, surprisingly quiet. Centrally located with easy access to the underground.  If you have room at the so called “tower” (seven floors only) pay close attention to the access instructions – it is really complicated with two different elevators and long corridor between.   The only disadvantage which is coming to my mind is that they apparently are not used to customers staying longer than one night – as I was staying two nights I had to ask for replacing practically everything (shampoo, soap, breakfast ordering form).",Date of stay: November 2015,4.0
2173,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2175-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great place. Convenient location,We had a super room. It has easy access to the tube and to the station. Very convenient if you are using the train. Super breakfast if it is in your room rate. Service was really good; check in was pretty trouble free.,Date of stay: November 2015,4.0
2174,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2175-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Outdated payment system ruined my stay,"I am extremely displeased with Hilton's room reservation policy. The majority of big hotel chains take your credit card details and actually charge you BEFORE you arrive. My manager booked my room for me and the online booking system appeared to be like most others, where you put in your card details and that's it. However nowhere on the form or in the confirmation email did it make it obvious or clear that you hadn't actually paid for your room, and to bring your card WITH YOU to pay on arrival, despite filling in your card details online. So when I arrived I was told I had to pay for the room and I was completely shocked as I did not know this beforehand, nor did I have the correct card as company policy is that we are not allowed to remove the company credit card from the…",Date of stay: November 2015,2.0
2175,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2180-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,good location,"excellent location, very clean, nice breakfast, very convenient. i was able to check in myself and to choose my room. the only problem they charged me Mini Bar which I didnt use but after I mentioned it they didnt charged me",Date of stay: November 2015,4.0
2176,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2180-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Mixed feelings,"Two nights at the Hilton Paddington was more than enough. The receptionist was extremely nice and very helpful, being able to step off the train only a short distance from the hotel was another positive.  The negatives however were numerous, we stayed in one of the tower rooms and the room looked very nice but was above the air conditioning fans and the noise was continuous. Food was very average. Several chairs in the lounge area had rips in the seats. Bath towels were very small but the dressing gowns were generous in size. The executive lounge was very comfortable and we did appreciate that very much.",Date of stay: November 2015,3.0
2177,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2180-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Comfortable base in Paddington,"Walking directly into the hotel from the station (main-line or tube) is a bonus in winter, and there was no problem with an early check-in (2 pm). Room was very warm, needed to switch off the fan at night, but otherwise an expected level of comfort for this hotel price. Cleaners were over-eager to clean with 3 knocks on the door in the morning. Gym was small but adequate.",Date of stay: November 2015,4.0
2178,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2180-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Very convenient ,"The rooms in this hotel are huge ""by London standards"".. The best thing about this hotel is the location, in the heart of Paddington where everything was accessible..  With international cuisines as well as the tube, British rail & Heathrow Express at your doorstep, what else do you want..  Just a word of caution which is not the hotel's fault whatsoever, is the fact that there are major roadworks happening around the area, so travelling by foot or rail would be advisable ..",Date of stay: November 2015,5.0
2179,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2180-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Hilton Paddington,I stayed at the new Tower Rooms and they were unbelievable totally unexpected. The location is awesome because of the easy access to pretty much everywhere in London. The Executive Lounge was great and served great food and alchohol,Date of stay: November 2015,5.0
2180,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2185-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Understaffed Hilton Property?,"Any staff member that we engaged was polite and efficent. The problem is that they don't seem to have people available to answer the phone when you call from outside of the hotel and no one monitors or answers the emails. I understand that the desk can get busy especially during check in and check out times, but in this case the time of day doesn't make a difference. Being able to reach someone on site when planning and during our stay would have been helpful.  Being a loyal fan to the Hilton brand, I will stay at a different property if we make it back to London.",Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
2181,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2185-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Horrible experience,I stayed in this hotel in october. The position is good but price is too high. Personnel is not gentle at all. After my stay I asked for receipt by phone and the administrative personnel didn't give it to me. Never again!,Date of stay: October 2015,1.0
2182,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2185-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Lovely but could improve,"We stayed in the tower rooms as a special treat. They come with an exclusive lounge where you can have breakfast. The lounge was brilliant and the breakfast was varied. They even cook you eggs to order. Canapés are available in the evening along with free drinks from about 6-8pm. The only small disappointment was the room size and some features that were in need of upkeep. The room we stayed in last time was much bigger and cheaper so I guess we were surprised that for more money, the room was smaller. The little things we noticed were- the light fitting was wonky and hanging to one side, there was only one drinking glass and the rain shower was in need of cleaning as it was blocked with scale and spraying everywhere but down. We thought for a room that is only a few months old,…",Date of stay: November 2015,4.0
2183,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2185-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,You expect better from the Hilton brand!,"They don't fill your mini bar unless you tell them to do so. I called the room service to place an order for dinner twice, nobody picked up the call. They don't put water bottles in your room when they clean up the room, I mean they can tell us that its chargeable but at least keep water in the room.  The only positive that I found was it's located just next to Paddington station and makes commuting very easy.",Date of stay: November 2015,3.0
2184,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2185-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Would never stay there again,"I was really disappointed in this hotel.  The check-in agent made a big deal out of giving me a top floor room. He failed to mention that there is no view and there was also a flight of stairs that was required.  (My suitcase was extremely heavy and I would have preferred not to have to lug it after a long travel day).  A male employee just stood there looking at me as I tried to carry the bag up the stairs.  The room stared right at a building.  The room was old, small and musty smelling - I paid a substantial price for this room!  The bed was super hard.  Finally, the absolute biggest issue was the door stop mounted in a camouflaged manner direct on the floor in front of toilet!  I seriously hurt my foot.  There was no need to have put it there.   The room could have otherwise…",Date of stay: November 2015,2.0
2185,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2190-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Good Hotel,Loved this hotel. So easy to find once you step off the Heathrow Express. Literally just a few steps away.   Staff very all very friendly and helpful.  Room was good.  Breakfast was great.  Only did not like that i had to pay for wifi in my room.,Date of stay: November 2015,4.0
2186,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2190-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Best service,"Thank you to Bica at the executive lounge who assists us morning and night with great service... She kept everything clean and fresh and made sure to alert us of happy hour and the other services available to us!  Thank you Bica for making the trip to London more special -- you are an asset to the London Paddington, see you next year 😄😄😄😄✈️✈️✈️✈️  ",Date of stay: November 2015,5.0
2187,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2190-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Great service, hard beds","Pros * Great service, always friendly, more than helpful * Connected to Paddington station, so you can't beat this feature * Rooms were much larger than typical Euro hotel  Cons * Worst TV station options I've seen in any hotel, ever. * Bed was extremely hard, actually made my hips sore from laying on my side * A/C in the room did not work well. Room requires you take your key out of slot which turns off all power when you leave. When you come back, room is too hot and AC can't cool it down by nighttime  Because of the cons, I have to give it an Average rating. If you can't rest because the room is too hot and the bed is too hard, it cuts down on the usefulness of the hotel for me.",Date of stay: November 2015,3.0
2188,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2190-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Very good hotel for a very good price,"The Hotel is in a great location. We booked the family suite, that was really spacious. The room was very clean, with a very good price for London Hotels. Breakfast was also great and staff was friendly enough. I recommend this hotel especially to families.",Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
2189,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2190-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Service standards need improving ,The hotel is in a good location opposite the station  The check in process was slow with no information on the hotel and no invitation to join Hilton to get the wifi and when I did ask to join they had no forms  The room was spacious abs clean and had all the usual facilities  I went to the bar area for food I waited 15 min and got nobody to serve me but could see a manager just standing there doing nothing  I went over and asked why he wasn't serving and he just laughed I was so annoyed I asked him to call the duty manager and he told me he didn't know where he was and told me to go find him by reception  He was rude and had no customer service skills at all  I found the duty manager who was great and apologised The food was very average for this standard of hotel  The hotel…,Date of stay: November 2015,3.0
2190,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2195-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Disappointing Brasserie,"The brasserie has a forlorn depressing feel about it and the staff speak very poor English.  Our table of 7 had to wait over 1 1/2 hours for our first course.  The service was really slow throughout the evening.  The main course was poor, and the desserts even worse.  The staff did not understand enough English and were not prepared to rectify a disastrous evening.  I was even given the wrong directions to the Ladies Cloakroom.  Don't go there!",Date of stay: November 2015,2.0
2191,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2195-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Unbeatable Location, but a bit well traveled...","This hotel location cannot be beat! It also tends to be a reasonable price for London if booked earlier (4-6 weeks ahead of time). Here you go:  PROS:  Perfect location and 'jumping off point' for all things London. 15 minutes by Heathrow Express which is a huge advantage after a long flight (one-way ticket cost 21 pounds and offers free wifi on the train). Staff is helpful but not intrusive. LOTS of restaurants/small grocery, etc. and connected to Paddington Train Station and Underground. Nice exercise room which you will undoubtedly have all to your self! I've not eaten in restaurant as I have Exec Lounge access (which, unfortunately, could use a spruce up of food, especially for the evening snacks which appear a bit old and tired).  CONS: Heavily traveled and unfortunately,…",Date of stay: November 2015,4.0
2192,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2195-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,A 1 night stay,We had booked a standard twin room but was upgraded. The price we paid was excellent Our room was big. the bathroom was big. The breakfast was excellent. It was very quiet. We have no complaints at all .,Date of stay: November 2015,5.0
2193,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2195-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,A SUPERB HOTEL WITH FIRST CLASS SERVICE. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!,"I am regular customer at the Hilton London Paddington and every time I stay at the hotel I am impressed by its superb quality of service and the staff's professionalism. The hotel is in a great location at the heart of London and very easy to get to and from Heathrow airport. The Duty Manager, Mr Rakesh Singh makes the management of the Hilton indeed very proud with his excellent service manners and high-quality efficiency. The staff at the front-desk reception do go out of their way to service customers with a smile. The staff at the restaurant too are very polite and eager to please the customers with politeness. I highly recommend this hotel. You will not be disappointed!",Date of stay: November 2015,5.0
2194,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2195-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Service lets it down,"Old fashioned hotel with great character. However, my room overlooked the station concourse with some noise from tannoy announcements. Breakfast was ok but slow to get seated and served coffee. Reception was also slow, and the bar service (Steam Bar) also below par. Pity, potentially a really good hotel. ",Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
2195,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2200-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Easy to get around!,"I booked this simply because I now am with hilton honors and could get one night free to hook on to the other 3 I needed! Also knowing I wanted to do metro at least going back to airport,saves a ton on taxi! Last time I stayed at more central local intercontinental by bucking ham palace but price was more than we wanted to spend after coming off our cruise! I knew to ask to see the room before bringing in our luggage! I asked for quiet room away from street noise. First room was totally ridiculous! Tiny dark,a brick wall and a few inches of light! I went to front desk said"" unacceptable!"" Next room better,view of paddington station which I really didn't mind,we sightsee till we drop! Bed...omg unacceptable springs popping out,no kidding! Of course I called front desk and said…",Date of stay: November 2015,5.0
2196,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2200-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Tower room was great, location unbeatable.","First off, the location is unbeatable - literally steps from Paddington station. It made travelling to and from the hotel a breeze.  I stayed on the 7th floor of the tower, just across from the business lounge. The room was large, spotlessly clean and beautifully presented. The dressing area was fantastic and the bathroom was spacious. The bed was large and comfortable and the curtains were excellent with good blackout linings. There's a pleasant work area although I did have some problems with the wifi initially - staff were helpful with this. The staff overall were really lovely.  The business lounge offered snacks and drinks at teatime and was very convenient for breakfast. I was slightly disappointed that when I returned to the hotel at 9pm there were no drinks available in…",Date of stay: October 2015,5.0
2197,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2200-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Quick weekend in London,We got a family room and it was great for the 3 of us.  It was very big for London standards and a good size bathroom.  The beds were great and the room a great location.  The hotel was perfect for getting off Heathrow Express and the Underground.,Date of stay: October 2015,5.0
2198,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2200-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Looks amazing, but Poor Service","I wasn't even sure I was in the right place, having just got off the Heathrow Express and there was a bit of a refurbishment going on at the back end of Paddington Station.  I followed the signs, up the escalator and entered through the side door.  I loved the hotel as soon as I walked into the reception area, I thought it looked great.  I quickly and painlessly checked in.  Person on the front desk was chatty and interactive.  Arrived in the room, spacious, clean - King Size bed.  I was impressed. It was late evening so I decided to order room service.  I was travelling alone so didn't fancy sitting downstairs - table for one ;-)  Order made - told it would be 30 minutes. 1 Hour later I called Room Service again to be told there was a problem with the lifts? But it would be…",Date of stay: November 2015,3.0
2199,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2200-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,minutes from heathrow,"wonderful location, walking distance to Kensington gardens, steps from the Heathrow express, delightful friendly staff who greeted me by name after my first few hours in the hotel.  Spacious well equipped room",Date of stay: October 2015,5.0
2200,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2205-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Luxurious Class,"Spent about a week at the Paddington Hilton, at the New GWR Wing of the Hotel. Luxurious class all through. Rooms were sparkling, oozing class and spacious with generous work space. Work space was essential for me as I was on a business visit, affording me the comfort for pre and post meeting reviews. Breakfast on the 7th floor was homely with a Nigerian born chef ensuring that I looked forward to the omelette each morning. Even had a time out to visit the Nigerian Themed Club-Steam Bar on Friday and Saturday. An Overall pleasant experience, though pricey given the exchange spiral(Naira to pounds), I will definitely be back to the GWR wing of the Hilton Paddington.",Date of stay: September 2015,5.0
2201,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2205-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Close proximity to Heathrow express and underground,"I've stayed at this hotel a number of times and it is my go to place when I'm in London. The rooms are  small and a a little dated, but most rooms in London are small. It is a huge hotel, so you won't get personal attention. So why do I keep going back? The location. It's walking distance to Paddington station and the Heathrow Express, so an easy in and out of London. It's across the street to the underground (northern line), so it's easy to get into town. It's also near a number of great local eateries, so you won't have to suffer through hotel food.",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
2202,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2205-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,5 Stars Affordable in London!,"5 stars! -- especially for The Tower & their ""extras""-- breakfast!; dessert & wine in the evening; 24/7 access to coffee/tea, inc. small sandwiches.  Upgrading to The Towers is worth every penny!  When I first stayed in London in the 70s, it was in a hostel.  Then an old walkup hotel in Bayswater in the 1980s (when that was not the place,to stay).  My memory of London hotels in the 1990s & 2000s is very, very SMALL rooms -- in one, if I put my shoes in the closet, the door wouldn't close....  I did stay in the Paddington Hotel in 2002-- but it was NOT a Hilton, probably a 2 star hotel then,  But now Hilton has got it right!  Large rooms with separate tubs & shower, plus all of the extras expected In a 5-star hotel in London!  And, at a very affordable price.  Finally, all staff…",Date of stay: November 2015,5.0
2203,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2205-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Hilton Paddington Hotel,"The staff was extremely helpful. The bell staff took our luggage and stored it until we returned to get our room. The check staff was also helpful and diligent in getting us our room as soon as possible. We greatly appreciated the housekeeping staff. Our room was always clean and ready upon our return.  Great hotel, great location. Heathrow Express and tube are right there next to hotel.",Date of stay: November 2015,5.0
2204,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2205-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Spent a week at this the Hilton, Paddington","I would consider one of the best locations for getting from Heathrow and to use as a base as a tourist due to its location to Paddington. We visited Windsor Castle, Westminster Abbey, Cabinet War Rooms, Buckingham Palace, Museum of London, St. Margarets, British Parliament, Tower of London, Tower Bridge, Abbey Road Studios, etc. Service, room and food was good - location was great!",Date of stay: September 2015,5.0
2205,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2210-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great location to the Tube,If you are flying in to London - this is a great place to stay.  First time in London and got off the plane - took the train and stepped in to our hotel.  Loved the location when you are dragging luggage.  This hotel is very English - loved it.,Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
2206,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2210-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Convenient, but aging","My wife an I often stay at the Paddington Hilton - it's convenient to 2 major tube lines, national rail, and of course, Heathrow.  It is however, starting to show it's age, faucets in the room were untidy and somewhat falling apart, carpets are showing their wear and tear, furnishings though well kept, are also showing a bit more wear and tear that it really should.  The staff is, and has always been top notch friendly and accommodating to every request.  Room service should stay open later for us night owls, 10PM doesn't quite cut it while most others in this category go 24 hours a day.  Food at the Paddington Hilton most certainly needs an upgrade. The executive room buffet was just shy of tolerable and makes you wonder who's driving the chef bus, or if they even taste what…",Date of stay: November 2015,4.0
2207,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2210-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Weekend getaway,"Two nights in a superior family room. Nothing superior about the room as such. Hhonors price not the steepest in the world but would not have paid more after seeing the room. Rather scorching, the a/c just circulating the warm air in the room. Windows fitted with bolts allowing just a three-inch crack for fresh air inside.  Surprisingly nice and clean bathroom, larger that one would expect in view of the actual room size.  Room looking over 'courtyard' with air vents and Paddington station rooftops--no traffic noise and very calm at night.  Breakfast usual mainly prefab Hilton issue grub. With lots of takeaway & dining opportuniteis nearby, did not sample lunch or dinner. All-you-can eat Indian buffet lunch ads in the lifts--not perhaps what one comes for at a Hilton.  Will…",Date of stay: November 2015,3.0
2208,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2210-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Clean, Courteous, Convienient","Value for your money, well run, very friendly staff. Always willing to help. Very clean and well appointed room that was a good size I would stay here any time. Close to Tube and rail, and restaurants. Easy access to Heathrow as well",Date of stay: November 2015,5.0
2209,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2210-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Excellent Hotel,"Stayed in 3 Hilton Hotels during the last few weeks. This was by far our favourite. Great staff, clean rooms and could not ask for anything closer to the trains.Exec lounge was a nice retreat as well.",Date of stay: November 2015,5.0
2210,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2215-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Excellent location but room is OK,The location is right next to the paddington station where heathrew express stops. This is super convenient for people that needs to leave early for LHR.  The room I had however was only OK b/c I picked a room on the top floor but the view from window is half blocked by the wall near the roof. It somewhat feels like a jail window where you can only see walls when you look out. The room also felt small.   The breakfast is nice as it came with many selections and breads.,Date of stay: August 2015,4.0
2211,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2215-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Terrible customer service at Hilton London Paddington,"Booked my accommodation directly with Hilton online in June for 21 September 2015 for a Family Superior Room. But, when my family arrived at Hilton Paddington after travelling 25 hours from Melbourne, the front desk staff, Sarah Ali (the most unfriendly staff) told me that my booking was not in Hilton's booking system. I had to wait for more than an hour in the hotel lobby for the front desk staff to sort out my booking. Constantly, approaching the staff to find out what was happening to my booking. I was charged again on my credit card before a room was allocated to me even though I showed them my Hilton Reservation confirmation document. I got the racist treatment from the front desk staff including the Duty Manager. Will never book with Hilton again!!!",Date of stay: September 2015,1.0
2212,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2215-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Charming - Spacious - Convenient,"Harkening back to the glory days of train travel, this splendid hotel is staffed by friendly people and well-designed for business travelers. Heathrow Express delivers you directly to the front door, and most any destination is about 20 minutes via Uber (less via Tube). On-premise restaurants are sublime (delicious Indian lunch buffet!) and Paddington has its food-court selections including a Yo Sushi. I look forward to many happy returns.",Date of stay: November 2015,5.0
2213,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2215-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Excellent location ,You cannot beat the location of this hotel essentially inside Paddington Station.  Rooms are clean and generally updated but finding the room is a winding maze of passages and a bit confusing.  Access to the executive lounge was appreciated and it provided excellent refreshment.  Hotel staff were nice.  Had a few issues chasing my receipt after using the express checkout service in my opinion you should get an email copy not need to chase it around.  Would stay here again.  ,Date of stay: November 2015,4.0
2214,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2215-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Well located, but otherwise inefficient for a business traveller","Positive - well located, on the train line to Heathrow, so easy to get into and out of London for business travellers. Also, was close to Twickenham, so made it easy to see World Cup Rugby from that base.  Negatives - its a poorly managed business hotel. They dont have 24 hour business centre. But they have a 24 hour gym which is positive (but makes no sense - why one and not the other?). Their business centre is also closed on weekends, which is quite unusual for a global city like London. Front office reception was always busy, always seemed overloaded with people and hard to manage. Maybe it was just World Cup Rugby crowds they couldnt cope with, perhaps it is understaffed. Not sure. But overall, I am unlikely to return and will guide my travel agent away, mostly because I…",Date of stay: November 2015,2.0
2215,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2220-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Would have been higher but for service issues,"The shabby entrance at the front can be avoided if you're arriving by train - a convenient lift from the shopping area takes you directly to the reception floor, which is a good touch. The receptionist was friendly enough but didn't ask if I wanted a morning newspaper or wake up call. Nor, as a Gold Member, was I offered the usual complimentary drink - but I wasn't bothered about that. The room, on the 6th floor, was spacious, reasonably modern and for a hotel of this age, quite tastefully decorated. It was unfortunate, therefore, that calling for room service was such an ordeal. I called, and called, and called, until after 15 minutes I decided to check with reception. They tried to put me through but I held, and held, and held. I put the phone down and tried again, only to be…",Date of stay: November 2015,3.0
2216,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2220-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Amazing - wish we could have stayed longer!,"My fiance and I got engaged in London, and my fiance booked a room at the Hilton Paddington for us that night. We had an amazing time! We had a terrace suite. It was beautiful and we loved hanging out with a couple of friends on the terrace, drinking wine and eating snacks. It was such a beautiful day and one of the best memories I have of being in London. I will always remember the day we got engaged and the Hilton Paddington reminds me so much of that day! I hope we get to spend another night (or multiple!) on our next visit to London, my favorite city in the world.",Date of stay: December 2014,5.0
2217,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2220-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel in dreary area,Surprisingly more plush on the inside than the vicinity around it. Rooms was spacious enough with tea and coffee. Bed was really comfortable with crisp cotton sheets/ Shower was hot. All together a pleasant stay.,Date of stay: November 2015,4.0
2218,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2220-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Very nice and conveniently located,"Very conveniently located just by Paddington Station, so you can go directly from Heathrow airport to the hotel with the Heathrow Express. The hotel is very nice, nice staff, nice rooms, nice meeting rooms and nice service. All in all extremely practical especially for business meetings!",Date of stay: October 2015,5.0
2219,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2220-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Excellent Stay at Hilton Paddington Hotel,This hotel is highly recommended for customer service in all areas  and cleanliness. Very Spacious Room and Fantastic Breakfast!!!  Hotel is in a perfect location to many attractions and very soundproof.  It is one of the best hotel experiences I have ever had!!!!,Date of stay: October 2015,5.0
2220,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2225-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Nice Hotel,This hotel is right in Paddington Station which makes it very convenient especially if you take Heathrow Express to the airport.   I arrived early.  My room was not ready but the staff was very accommodating. The staff always smiled and always gave a cheerful hello. My room was very comfortable and spacious. I like the neighborhood. There are several nice bars and restaurants. I repeat great staff!!!,Date of stay: September 2015,5.0
2221,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2225-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,No Disappointment at Hilton London Paddington; Great Personnel & Service,"I would recommend this hotel to anyone looking for first class service, comfortable rooms, excellent meals, convenience and friendly/helpful staff.  The accommodation is convenient to LHR, main-line trains and the Tube.  Since I started staying at the Hilton Paddington on each of my visits over the last several years, the service has been exemplary.  My last visit was August 2015, and I was not disappointed: the staff were great, the room was excellent and the English breakfasts and evening dinners were fantastic.    The personal service that I have received over the years from Mark Roth, Rakesh Singh, and Neil Peters has been superb.  Their individual efforts to accommodate my needs and ensure that the experience was flawless reflects their dedication to customer service",Date of stay: August 2015,5.0
2222,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2225-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great location and nice room,"Location is perfect if you arrive at Heathrow. Just take the Heathrow Express and in 15 min you are in the hotel. Paddington station is a few steps from the hotel so you can go around London very easily.   Rooms are nice and spacious for London standards (we were 4 and took a family suite).   The breakfast is great also.  The only bad comment I have is that although we arrived at 6pm and had done the check-in through Hilton's mobile app, the room we chose was not ready so they gave us a room that wasn't also ready and we had to stay in the room for about 20 min with two people cleaning it up. Additionally the girl in the front desk tried to buy some time saying that the booking we made was for two people although there was enough evidence that we had made the reservation for 4…",Date of stay: October 2015,5.0
2223,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2225-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Good but old..,"Good hotel connected to Paddington station.  Makes it easy to travel to all main areas of London.  Very good breakfast.  Room is clean and comfortable.  I would recommend and definitely will come again, especially when coming with little kids",Date of stay: September 2015,4.0
2224,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2225-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Terrible Staff ,"A group of us stayed in this hotel for 3 days. From check-in many staff where unhelpful and rude, especially Sarah Ali at reception. We had access to the executive lounge breakfast which was terrible. They were unstaffed and had run out of cutlery, eggs, bacon, butter and many other foods day after day. Our swipe keys for our rooms often stopped working and cleaning staff stole belongings from the room. The rooms on the first floor are also subjected to loud noises from the train station below.",Date of stay: October 2015,1.0
2225,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2230-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great,"Hilton Hotel, Paddington England.  Nice hotel, clean and connected to the railway as well as Starbucks inside the hotel. Its proximity to the subway and train station is right across the street. Depending where you are going in the city. Hop on Hop off bus is right around the corner.  Close to a lot of restaurants from the Middle East, American and Indian.",Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
2226,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2230-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Standard 4 star just steps from the Heathrow Express,"This hotel is perfect if you want to land on Heathrow, take the Heathrow Express train directly into London, and step right into a Hilton located in the very train station where the train arrives (Paddington Station). Five out of five for convenience!  Paddington can be a convenient, central base from where to explore London, with good communications. The neighbourhood (Bayswater) is uninteresting, but pretty well located.  POSITIVE - Super convenient location when arriving in London - Historic building with art deco touches - Minibar, kettle/coffemaker, iron in the room - 4 star services  NEGATIVE  - Uninspiring common areas (in spite of the art deco touches) - Darkish rooms - Smallish, boring bathroom - Expensive Wi-Fi (GBP 14 per day, or an extra slow version for GBP 12) -…",Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
2227,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2230-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Beautiful hotel,"This hotel was exceptional. I was concerned about the size of the rooms,as photographs can be deceiving, however our room was a great size and the facilities where to a very high standard. I found the hotel was very art decor and everything was first class. Staff and breakfast again was excellent and I would definitely recommend to anyone wanting to stay there.",Date of stay: October 2015,5.0
2228,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2230-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Great Location, Ok hotel","As many have already noted - the location is fabulous for those traveling in from Heathrow and plan to use the tube during their stay.  Along with great transportation, you are  only steps away from a large number of eating options as well as a Sainsbury market.  There is a visitor information center in the station as well.  That being said, the hotel is meh... A typical business hotel, decent wifi, the rooms are fairly standard for London.  Very  busy and crowded the entire time we visited, not much help from concierge, but the front desk staff was welcoming, friendly and able to answer all our questions.  Breakfast was typical hilton buffet, but did cater to a variety of tastes - including asian and american ""normal"" breakfast foods.",Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
2229,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2230-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Good location but nothing special,"First of all, in my opinion, it's not a 4 stars hotel. The location is very good, offering connections to underground and railway station Paddington; it is surounded by pubs and restaurants which make your staying very enjoyable. A Starbucks and a small supermarket are just around the corner. Also Indian cuisine, italian restaurants, Burger King, Mac Donalds, KFC, Wok, turkish restaurant are few minutes away. The hotel itself is kind of old, with dated furniture and kind of small rooms. The heat system is not working (our room is cold and so is our friend's room though he called a technician in), the hot water in the shower is a dream, the breakfast is ok but nothing more than ok. They did not provide bath robes, slippers, vanity kit... The free wi-fi inside the room was…",Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
2230,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2235-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Superb when travelling from Heathrow,"The is not awe-inspiring design hotel. Its key selling point is the 15-minute connection to Heathrow every 15 minutes, and being able to walk from the station building straight to your room.  The rooms are spacious enough, although the whole hotel could do with a little facelift. It's a nice traditional hotel. Breakfast buffet is lovely, although it can get a little busy.  It's chiefly a business/ few days in London on a busy schedule kind of hotel, so it's really all about the transport links, but you can't fully shake off the train station vibe. Nevertheless, after an evening flight arriving into London and looking for a comfortable bed to crash, there's nowhere else I'd rather be. And there's nowhere else in central London where you could be 15 minutes (and a bit) after…",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
2231,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2235-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Lately  rennovative, nice and friendly staff, close to metro,bus, train.",The place is close to almost all the transportation means. It has been lately renovative so everything looks new and need. The staff it has a pleasant and friendly attitude. The breakfast buffet is missing the taste (especially the scramble eggs)  However is  excellent for the price that they ask.,Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
2232,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2235-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Location good but that is all,"We checked in for two nights and whilist the location is perfect for the Heathrow trains and tube as the hotel is located directly opposite tube entrance and about 2 mins walk from overland trains the hotel itself is lovely on the outside and foyer area but quite dated in the rooms. Our room was an adjoining room and we could hear the people quite clearly in the next room, even their 4:30am skype call all singing happy birthday. The shower water temp only got to warm and the room was cold with no control to change. The bed was so hard that every time you moved the bed springs sprung, worst sleep ever. The breakfasts were disappointing, lots to choose from but not very tasty at all. The only reason I would stay here again was for the location only. We had a friend check into the…",Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
2233,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2235-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Lovely art deco hotel,"Staying here at the Hilton Paddington is perfect for a trip to Heathrow Airport, if like me you have to come in by train then why not treat yourself to a decent nights sleep.   The hotel is easy to find, just outside the main entrance to the station, it's a mere 3 min walk from the busy platforms.   Check in was quick and easy, i was upgraded to a terrace room which was a nice thought Although rain was present the whole time i was at the hotel, still it's the thought that counts.   On entering the room it seemed very dark and dingy, the light controls are all push button controlled and had various settings but no explanation on how to use them. It took 5 mins of playing around to figure out what did what. You can't just swing open the curtains to the balcony doors either as they…",Date of stay: September 2015,4.0
2234,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2235-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Favorite London Hotel,"Travel regularly to London for business. This hotel is my favorite. This time got a very reasonable rate and a good room. Rooms are good size, location is perfect for commuting and service is always very good.",Date of stay: October 2015,5.0
2235,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2240-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Wonderful return visit!,"I returned to the Hilton Paddington Station in September for a week stay. Once again our visit was excellent. My mother and I were given adjoining rooms on the side of the hotel which was very quiet. The beds were comfortable and the room was very large. We had access to the executive lounge, service was great. Mae and Silvia looked after my mom every day. She is in a wheelchair and they would come around and ask her if she needed anything. The doorman were also very helpful, they would get us a taxi and load up the wheelchair. I wish I got all of their names. I could only remember two of them, Stephen and Charles. The hotel is so easy to get to if you are coming in from Heathrow on the Heathrow Connect or the Heathrow Express. We did the Connect this time, we did the Express…",Date of stay: September 2015,5.0
2236,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2240-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Stayed in a Tower Room,"Hotel is well presented and Tower Rooms are very spacious with walk in wardrobe and a shower cubicle plus bath. Staff were excellent, polite and attentive. My only issue is value for money as I thought that the cost of the room was a little high given that it was an upgrade on arrival and so may have remained empty if I had not taken the upgrade.",Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
2237,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2240-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,More than meets the eye,"I truly liked staying at this hotel. Go out the back and you are right there in Paddington Tube station; an attraction all on its own. We ate in the hotel bar and also at the restaurant. The breakfast is absolutely fabulous and full of variety. The service is spot on and the attendance is fast but not pushy. The doorman at this place knows his job and goes out of his way to be helpful-many, many times he pointed our group in the right direction! This is a very busy hotel, full of people moving around and about all the time...so if you are looking for retired and quiet, this place is not maybe for you. Every nationality is expressed in its staff and its visitors as well. I liked that...its a place for every one, not just selected groups. Way to go Hilton Paddington!",Date of stay: September 2015,5.0
2238,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2240-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Hilton Paddington,The hotel is VERY convenient if you arrive at Heathrow. It's also convenient to the underground public transportation.  There are also plenty of quick food options both in the Paddington station as well as immediately surrounding the hotel.,Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
2239,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2240-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Another good stay at this super-convenient pre-flight hotel,I first reviewed this hotel about 4 years ago and since then have stayed several times before taking morning flights at Heathrow. The rooms vary in size but I've never been disappointed and the service is good too. It's really nice to have the option to enjoy an evening out in central London before hopping on the Heathrow Express (at the attached station) and going directly to the airport terminals in the morning. It's so much more enjoyable than staying at an airport hotel!,Date of stay: September 2015,4.0
2240,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2245-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great location,"The best thing about this hotel is its location. We hopped off at Pdditon station, which is the end/start station of Heathrow Express and walked a few meters and we arrive at the hotel. It can't be more convenient than this. Great underground connection as well to get to anywhere in London and beyond if taking trains.   The room itself is nothing special. In fact, the rooms (at least the part we stayed at) and the building itself need some renovation. The hotel is very busy and the staff offers the best service they could considering the amount of guests coming through everyday.   The breakfast selection is OK. Not as big as some Hilton hotels offer but it offers all the necessities that one would want for a proper hotel breakfast, for example, fried and scrambled eggs,…",Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
2241,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2245-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Lovely,"Very busy hotel in great central location. Stayed in the (new?) GWR tower rooms which  are a little difficult to get to, but are spacious, and very well decorated in a tasteful art deco style. Well deserving of four stars and would gladly return.",Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
2242,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2245-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great hotel,"I enjoyed my short stay at the Hilton Paddington. Location was so convenient for getting around and the hotel property looked great. Nice Lobby area and the deluxe room was very comfortable and nicely decorated. Escalator from Paddington Station goes right up into the back of the lobby area which is great if you are arriving by train to Paddington station. Also very convenient to the London Heathrow connect and express trains. Once in the hotel though, you don't feel as if the train station is right there - you are at a fine hotel.",Date of stay: October 2015,5.0
2243,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2245-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great location,"We chose this hotel for its great location - atop the Paddington station and easy bus and metro access to many prime shopping areas such as Oxford Circus. We have requested for twin room with 2 single beds during booking and upon early arrival in the morning after over 10 hours of flight, we were told that only double room could be immediately available, otherwise our request would be acceded to by 2pm. We decided to wait and deposited our luggage. Upon our return at late evening, we still ended up with a double room, more time was spent for the rearrangement. It was quite a challenge to access the housekeeping service (no one taking calls and we have to connect through the operator eventually) while requesting for small items such as bath towels. We have expected better service…",Date of stay: September 2015,3.0
2244,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2245-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Very Nice Proper Hotel,"Hilton Paddington is a very nice, proper hotel.  Rooms are very comfortable and clean.  Ask for a room in the new Tower.  It sits in the middle of a transportation hub, easy Taxi, Heathrow express, Trains and Underground access.  Any destination in London in 10 minutes.",Date of stay: October 2015,5.0
2245,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2250-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Good location but that is all that is good,"Have used this hotel a couple of times now for business due to its location right inside Paddington station. The location makes it great for business meetings and tourist attractions but that is not what the review is about. Everytime I have used the lounge outside the brasserie the service has been appalling and the staff attitude follows suit. I was there yesterday, waited 15 minutes to order a coffee. They wanted to take my Credit card away to start a tab, given current security around fraud I wasn't happy with this to the waiter demanded I paid there and then. Again fair enough but his attitude towards customers was shocking and to add insult they automatically add a service charge for my £10.80 for 2 coffees. My advice say the money, get better service in starbucks and find…",Date of stay: October 2015,2.0
2246,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2250-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Passing through,This hotel is absolutely perfect for a pass through London . Access to the Heathrow Express is perfect.--- Staff were extremely helpful- rooms were more than adequate for an older hotel-- beds were very comfortable. For convenience & comfort this is an excellent choice.,Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
2247,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2250-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,london paddington,"great location. on top of paddington station for the heathrow express, close to wonderful kensington gardens   spacious room included sep bath and shower.  Clean. Quiet. comfortable bed.  modeern meets art deco in the tower rooms.",Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
2248,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2250-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Something For Everyone,"Excellent venue for local shops, pubs and restaurants. If you have access to the Executive Lounge it affords excellent views over the station interior. We've had various rooms here over the years. The roof room was our favourite with views all over London and your own outdoor furniture. Breakfast is also excellent.",Date of stay: June 2015,5.0
2249,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2250-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Location and GWR Rooms,This was my second stay in a Hilton and specifically in a GWR Room. I intended to go for New Year of 2014 but the new wing was not ready yet so I decided to postpone my visit to the second half of March since I really wanted to try the new advertised rooms. I did the right thing because the new wing is definitely worth it. The room we stayed in was the smallest on the floor but the Tower Lounge was right across the corridor and the bathroom was one of the best I've experienced. Service in the Tower Lounge was wonderful and friendly and my next stays in London will definitely be in a GWR room even though they are quite pricey.  As written in the other reviews the location is unbeatable since you hop off the Heathrow Express and into the hotel without leaving Paddington station.…,Date of stay: March 2015,5.0
2250,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2255-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Nice stay at Hotel Hilton at Paddington,"The best part giving an edge to this property is its superior Location, almost unparallel. Hotel is located within the premises of Paddington station and just a 2-3 minute walk once one exits Heathrow express. I stayed in a Suite at the Third Floor bang opposite to Paddington tube station. Breakfast was very good providing an array of choices. Concierge people were nice and very hospitable. The Spanish lady at the concierge was very very helpful. Would recommend this to all business travellers specifically and everyone else too.",Date of stay: September 2015,5.0
2251,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2255-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Nice Stay in London,"The Hilton Paddington in London is convienient for travel from/to Heathrow airport via the Heathrow Express. Excellent rooms, great breakfast, good access to other parts of London via the underground or taxi. Great experience for a family on a one-day whirlwind tour of London. Friendly, helpful staff at all levels. However, somewhat expensive for extended family stay.",Date of stay: October 2015,5.0
2252,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2255-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Convenient to Heathrow,"This is the perfect hotel for an overnight stay before heading off to Heathrow airport. We arrived at Paddington station on the train from Bath and caught the lift into the hotel. The next day we simply caught the lift down to the station to catch the very efficient Heathrow express train for 15 minutes into the airport.  We had a basic room, an advance purchase rate of £220.15 for a Double Hilton guest room (no breakfast). The room was a long walk from the lift.  The room itself was small but satisfactory for the purpose of easy access to Heathrow. It was dated and the curtains were in need of a clean otherwise it was comfortable.  Dinner in the hotel brasserie was pleasant. We went over to the nearby Pride of Paddington pub for a very good and reasonably priced breakfast.  I…",Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
2253,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2255-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,a very pleasant 3 night stay,"My wife and daughter and I shared a terrace room for 3 nights and enjoyed it very much. Having a terrace to sit out on and enjoy the sunshine was well worth the price of the room. We ate in the Brasserie restaurant twice and enjoyed each meal, well presented and thought out. Breakfast was in the Executive Lounge each morning overlooking Paddington Station, and we must single out May in the Executive Lounge as doing a wonderful job to to welcome us each morning and taking care of any little special request for breakfast, thank you May for making the start of each day so pleasant!",Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
2254,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2255-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Large ,Stayed with friends in a  Superior Family Double Room. A large room by London standards and a decent size bathroom. Comfy beds. Connects to the Paddington Station from behind. Bonus for travel by Heathrow Express. ,Date of stay: October 2015,5.0
2255,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2260-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Our Third Visit, I Think","Don't have much to add to the most recent reviews.  The location is probably the main reason we return.  The staff are great, the beds are firm.  We were only here for one night this time so we took a double room which we found a bit small and only had a queen size bed (tough when you are used to kings).  Since we weren't going to the Executive Lounge, we headed out to Praed Street for breakfast.  There is lots of choice with reasonable prices anywhere to the left when you come out of the hotel.",Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
2256,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2260-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Link to anywhere and accommodating,"I have stayed at this location a couple of times now when stopping through London on business.  Overall, the rooms are average to very good - the location is really why I have chosen this hotel.  Heathrow express is right out the backdoor for getting to and from the Hotel, and almost every Underground line makes its way through Paddington Station (connected to the hotel).  The restaurant is average at best, but again, I stay here for the location.  I will say that the staff are very accommodating.  Last time I came through with a lot of cold food (traveling to a 3rd world location for work).  They were able to get me an extra refrigerator in my room within minutes... only $5 extra... very convenient.  Also, I personally find the beds at this hotel to be some of the most…",Date of stay: September 2015,4.0
2257,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2260-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Hilton Paddington,"My wife & I chose the Hilton London Paddington, because of it's location and ease of us getting around London. I should note that the neighborhood is not the most desirable, but we felt safe walking around. We were able to walk to Kensington Park, Science & History Museum, as well as the V&A Museum. The Paddington train station is directly across the street from the hotel. This allowed us to get around London quickly and easily. The other Rail system for getting to places outside of London (we traveled to Bath a 90 min. ride) is walking through the hotel and you're right in the middle of the train station. Hotel was very comfortable, quiet and staff helpful. The breakfast was excellent, one of the best from a hotel. Service was great.",Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
2258,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2260-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,3 night stay,"Easy access from Paddington station where Heathrow express terminates. All amenities within easy reach. Well worth paying a bit extra for access to Executive Lounge which offers breakfast, snacks, happy hour and Free wifi. Air conditioning generally inadequate. Entering from Praed Street, the red carpeted steps and area in general is very dirty - hardly the first impression one expects from a Hilton.",Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
2259,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2260-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great location,This hotel is adjacent to the Paddington Station.  The room was larger than most  hotels that we have stayed in London and was very well appointed.  The concierge provided excellent service to address our needs.,Date of stay: October 2015,5.0
2260,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2265-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Location, location, location","We visited London in September 2015 with my family and stayed at the Paddington Hilton and it was the best location to be with the Tube across the round for easy access to all the Underground lines to get to  all the tourist attractions and the direct access  to the Heathrow Express train through the lobby and down the lift. The hotel is also surrounded by local pubs and restaurants within walking distance and was a great relaxing way to have dinner with the family after intense days of sight seeing.We shared a room with 2 double beds,the rooms were clean and facilities great for our needs. The staff were friendly and extremely helpful as were the doormen. Will definitely  stay there again.",Date of stay: September 2015,4.0
2261,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2265-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,3 day stay,Great location as we only had 3 days and being so close to Paddington station made it easy to commute. Had family staying in a Queen suite and this was spacious and comfortable and the use of the executive lounge was a bonus. The staff were very helpful and made us feel welcome upon arrival and attended to any queries that we had. Would definitely stay again.,Date of stay: September 2015,5.0
2262,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2265-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Made for a great stay.,"Check in was a cinch, room was very clean and confortable, and concierge and front desk were both very helpful allowing us to make the most of our quick 48 hour layover.  Very enjoyable stay, with a couple of good nights sleep. Very close to all public transportation and especially the Heathrow express getting us to the airport in 15 minutes for our next venture.",Date of stay: September 2015,4.0
2263,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2265-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Good location and clean rooms. Thats it.,"This is great location for people that are in London but need to be easily accessible to Heathrow without staying at a LHR hotel.   The communal areas are always packed mostly (I presume) with people waiting for a train so there is nowhere to relax or catch up with work other than your room. They are small and clean but do the job. In the two times I have stayed there the service was disorganised and the prices very high for what you got. Convenience and loyalty to Hilton brand meant I was happy to pay the price.  This is not a good location for anything other than access to Paddington. There is nothing really to do in the area and you have to take a tube/bus to get anywhere. However, for a bed for one night before heading to the airport, it does the job",Date of stay: September 2015,3.0
2264,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2265-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great location and excellent all-round hotel,"For travellers flying in or out of Heathrow this hotel located at Paddington station for the Heathrow express and in an area of pubs and restaurants is a great location. It's better than the standard Hilton airport hotel in many respects not least being that it is in the original Great Western Railways hotel building. Our room was a good size, service was friendly and breakfast was good. Definitely recomended.",Date of stay: October 2015,5.0
2265,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2270-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Ideal location for Paddington Station,"I was able to check-in online and choose my own room which was a bonus. I chose room 632 on the 6th floor as it was the highest floor and the room was away from the lifts and almost at the end of the corridor therefore few people to be walking past.  When I arrived at the hotel, ""check in"" was easy and all I had to do was collect my Room Key. No cookie however :( I was disappointed again.  When walking to my room on the 6th floor I had to climb an additional set of stairs (approx 4) therefore not ideal if you have heavy luggage. The room was great, had everything I needed, comfy double bed, TV, hair drier, tea/coffee, PeterThomas Roth shampoo, conditioner, shower gel, dental floss, moisturiser, emery board, cotton pads, cotton buds, bath robe and slippers. The towels were…",Date of stay: September 2015,5.0
2266,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2270-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,One of the most convenient places to stay in London,"Right in the Paddington railway station the end of Heathrow express this nice hotel. Some rooms are upgraded, some old. The look is rustic (frankly rusted), with some areas of carpet almost from Victorian time. Nice restaurant for quick lunch. Some kind of club has recently started I believe which could make the place a bit busy and nisy at night. The convenience of this place can not be beaten. Nice restaurants around this hotel and underground station just below (besides heathrow express and London rail) make it one of the most desired places. This is not far from Edgeware road (full of Lebanese and other middle eastern restaurants) in addition to nice pubs, korean restaurant and chippy. Staff is friendly (one place where i have seen so many trainees at front desk). ",Date of stay: September 2015,4.0
2267,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2270-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Convenient and clean base for exploring London,"Easy to find from Heathrow and conveniently located near train and tube stations.  Hotel is somewhat expensive, however you receive good value for money. Very happy with our stay and we returned 5 days later on our return back to Heathrow. Breakfast - very solid good english breakfast and the staff were very attentive. Tea and coffee in good supply.  The room was clean and quiet.",Date of stay: September 2015,4.0
2268,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2270-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Very disheartened,"We stayed at the Hilton to end our honeymoon. The staff on reception were very rude and un welcoming. The room we booked was awful wallpaper hanging off the walls. The toilet seat had dried blood on, which was vile. The shower would either run stone cold or scold you. When we checked out the bellboys  wouldn't even hold the door open for us we had a lot of usage with us. Staying there really ruined the end of our honeymoon.",Date of stay: September 2015,1.0
2269,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2270-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Convenience & Charm,"I ended up splurging on my last day in London as I was coming back from Cardiff via Paddington and then leaving London for the airport via Heathrow Express from Paddington. Thus I wanted a hotel to quickly drop my bags off and head off for the city to make the most of my final day in the UK.   The Hilton is extremely convenient located inside upstairs of Paddington Station, so one never has to go outside. There is a breakfast buffet on site, indian restaurant featuring a lunch buffet, bar, starbucks inside the station, Sainsbury's grocery store in the station right down the escalator open 7-Midnight daily, as well as other restaurants in the station too. The Hilton is an old grand railroad hotel of the early 20th century with modern renovation in an art deco fashion.  I had a…",Date of stay: September 2015,4.0
2270,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2275-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Convenient and comfy but room service was careless,"Was in London for two nights; arrived very late (11 PM) from Heathrow and loved the convenience and safety of the location - a few steps off the Heathrow Express.  Not easy to see with all the construction -  but right there.  These was equally great for leaving on Friday morning. Right on top of the Underground station too. Could not have been more convenient. Just 15 minutes to Heathrow (and a mile and half walking to the gate in T2, but that is Heathrow!)  THe room was smallish but comfortable, after time on the continent I totally appreciate actual fluffy towels, but I do wish Western hotel chains would uniformly adopt the Western custom of including a topsheet with the overwarm Euro-duvet.   I wanted to use the door hangtag to preorder breakfast but did not see my favorite…",Date of stay: September 2015,4.0
2271,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2275-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,GWR Towers,"I stayed in the new GWR towers room, and while the room was furnished the same as the promotional photos, the size of the room was much smaller.  If you are given room 2206, ask for another one!  The bathrooms were nice and very functional.  storage in the room is minimal so you may be keeping some things in suitcases.  I only ever went to the lounge for breakfast and found that to be quite adequate.  Not a lavish buffet but a good selection for a normal breakfast.  The staff kept the place clean and were quick to as if you wanted any eggs made to order.  If you like a large cup of coffee, bring it with you.",Date of stay: September 2015,3.0
2272,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2275-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Second time here,Step off the Heathrow Express from a long flight in to the UK - you are in more or less the centre of London and in your hotel ; easy check in and the underground or other rail services are right there - rooms are spacious with high ceilings - not very common in London!,Date of stay: August 2015,5.0
2273,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2275-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Great location, good hotel","Great location within Paddington station, with direct access from the station concourse and just 15 minutes from Heathrow. Easy access to London with tube lines and buses. Booked a basic room, but it was generously sized (for London) with plenty of space to move around, though an inside view over nothing. However the room was nice and quiet even with the window open. The room is well equipped with all standard items and was clean. Bed was comfortable and bathroom was OK, though the shower was variable. Sometimes there was hardly any water. We had a rate with breakfast and the buffet was good, constantly replenished and serving staff generally keeping up with things, even though it was busy. We didn't have any other meals in the hotel, with plenty of choices in the immediate…",Date of stay: September 2015,4.0
2274,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2275-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Poor service in Executive lounge,"We booked an executive room, it was spacious, tastefully decorated and very comfortable.  We went for happy hour in the executive lounge before dinner and this was also very pleasant with drinks and nibbles.  However breakfast the next morning in the executive lounge was below standard.  When we arrived, the scrambled eggs hot plate was empty. There was only one girl working in the lounge and she wasn't keeping an eye on the food at all. So after 20 minutes and with guests pouring into the lounge, I went to inform her that the eggs needed replenishing. I think the young girl needs some training as she never once came over to check the food and after another 10 minutes I went back to ask if the eggs were coming. Obviously needing more staff and someone with experience as she was…",Date of stay: September 2015,4.0
2275,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2280-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,If Location was Everything.....,"Well like the title says, If Location was everything this hotel would be the best place around in my opinion.  Incredible easy access from Heathrow, direct on Three major Tube lines with access anywhere in London within mins. I have stayed at the Paddington several times for business and mainly due to its location.  This time was a cross between business and pleasure and again the location was great.  So why the poor rating...  keep reading  Trying to get service of any type in the restaurant or lounge area is virtually impossible.  The staff are ignorant and rude, and frankly do a piss poor job of servicing the clientele.  On our second night there I timed how long it took before any level of acknowledgement from the staff who clearly knew we were sitting in the wide open…",Date of stay: September 2015,1.0
2276,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2280-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great room but poor food choices if you have dietary issues.,"Great room (upgrade) and good, friendly service. Shame ""room service' doesn't live up to article in recent Paddington magazine talking up catering to different requests when it is such a common one such as Coeliac. (no drama as plenty of other eateries in the area though).",Date of stay: September 2015,4.0
2277,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2280-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Very surprised - beautiful inside !,"My husband booked us in for one night and I was a little put out, thinking what a horrible place to stay!  However, I was so surprised when I entered as the interiors are all Art Deco, plush and grand. We were put into a king sized bed room overlooking a square internal courtyard, so extremely quiet. It feels large and spacious with high ceilings and plenty of room. Nice fittings and good quality drinks and toiletries. I was really pleasantly surprised and would definitely stay again and highly recommend. Great for catching the train home in the morning.  We even entered the free night club below for a quick night cap. All the staff at the hotel were extremely polite and welcoming.",Date of stay: September 2015,5.0
2278,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2280-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Excellent,"I stayed noe night in the new Tower Wing. It is quite a long walk from Reception, but well worth it. The room was superb in every way, particularly the lighting, which , instead of being low level and gloomy, as in so many hotels, was controllable and enabled the room to be brightly lit for working. All the furnishings and bathroom fittings were well- planned and of first class quality. WiFi was good. Soundproofing was very good, and security was enhanced by the wing having an entry door that could only be opened with the room key. I had dinner in the restaurant, which was almost deserted, but there was good service and food.",Date of stay: September 2015,5.0
2279,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2280-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Lovely Hotel - noisy room,"The location was fabulous for business as well as convenience of transportation options in and around London. 15 minutes from Heathrow on the Express Train. Lots of customer service and amenities in the station (restaurants, grocery, gifts, local tourism office). The hotel is incredibly busy and the staff are friendly but on the edge of harried. The room and bath were large, bright and immaculate. Blackout curtains were the best I have ever experienced. Towels and tea/ coffee service were plentiful. We had 3 people in the room with a king and they brought in a roll away, which they placed at the foot of the bed. You would think we would be tripping over one another, but the room was just that big. Housekeeping was super friendly and efficient. That said, our room was located on…",Date of stay: September 2015,3.0
2280,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2285-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Perfect Locatoin,"Located within a walking distance from Paddington Station along with being at Adjure Road makes it ideal. The underground is just in front of the hotel. The hotel however is always busy when checking in\out.   The rooms don't have views at all and the sized are fine. Food is good. Rooms aren't nice compared with equivalent hotels and staff are just fine. Should i elect to go back, it will be for the ideal location.",Date of stay: October 2014,4.0
2281,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2285-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Earplugs required,"The Hilton Paddington is obviously well situated, downtown London. The rooms are well decorated and everything would be almost perfect, but for the noise of the nearby street on one side of the building and for the noise of the station on the other side. How can one sleep ? I was tempted to put air conditioning on as it was making so much noise that I could almost not hear the street anymore... What a dilemma. I will definitely never go back. At checkout, when asked whether I had enjoyed my stay, I just politely answered, I didn't sleep... British understatement, isn't it ?",Date of stay: September 2015,2.0
2282,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2285-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great Hotel in the heart of Paddington,"Admittedly we moved to this hotel after a terrible experience down the road, so anything was better, but the rooms were lovely, it was clean, breakfast was exceptional & a great location. Would stay here again & recommend to friends.",Date of stay: September 2015,4.0
2283,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2285-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Can't beat the location!,"Chose this hotel primarily because we could take the Heathrow Express straight in.  What a convenience!  It was our home base for a week of sightseeing and it was a perfect location.   But first off the reception desk was not very welcoming don't know if it was a language barrier or what. Besides that, everyone else we came in contact with was very friendly.  We had a King suite room with two separate rooms which was great esp. traveling with teenagers.  They had their own space and so did we.  Rooms were little dated but clean and the bed was very comfortable.  We faced the courtyard and it was very quiet at night and we got a good nights sleep.  We had access to the executive lounge area which was nice.  We didn't really take advantage of it since we were gone most of the day…",Date of stay: August 2015,4.0
2284,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2285-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Convieniant for Train Passengers arriving,"Stayed here for a weekend,  booked a Tower room. Check in was quick and staff were polite. The Tower rooms guests have use of they're own elevator but the room are a bit of a Maze too find.  The room was clean and comfortable with a seperate shower and bath. The room was on the 5th floor overlooking the side road entrance/exit into Paddington Staion and was very quiet. The Tower room Executive Lounge only has a few differences from the Executive lounde downstairs, only being a more of a variety of snacks and Alcohol available. The room is located on the 7th floor. There was a Fire alarm activated at 6am approx and although it was a flase alarm the staff were quick to re-act and be at the right places were they should be guiding people. The Tower room are ok but nothing special…",Date of stay: September 2015,4.0
2285,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2290-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great find and great meals and drinks,Went here for Afternoon Tea.  Plenty of choices of sandwiches and cakes which were beautiful.  We went for the option with a glass of prosecco along with coffee or tea and this was very nice.  Staff are very welcoming and was very relaxing with a lovely mix of people dining here.,Date of stay: September 2015,5.0
2286,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2290-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great London location,The hotel connects to Paddington Station which is useful when it is pouring down rain outside and you are packing luggage to/from the Heathrow Express.  The staff are exceptional - very helpful and friendly.,Date of stay: September 2015,5.0
2287,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2290-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Hilton,"Well located,clean and great service.   Expensive restaurant 16 pounds for 2 coffees and a small water. Rather step outside the the numerous cheaper eateries for a cup of coffee.  Not many entertainment channels so they force you to purchase on demand movies at 8.95pounds per movie. Please add entertainment channels, we know you are trying to squeeze out every penny.",Date of stay: September 2015,4.0
2288,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2290-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel but really noisy,"Hotel strong points: Very convenient if you are coming in from Heathrow or heading out there.  Much better than staying at one of the airport hotels.  The hotel itself is ok, I was checked in very quickly and never had to wait for the elevators.  Upgraded to a Junior Suite and the room was very nice and very clean.  I must have been on top of some kind of nightclub because the loud noise of thumping party music went on until 3:30am followed be a very drunken, noisy crowd spilling out.  Maybe a higher floor would've been better instead of the 2nd.  When I am travelling on business, sleep is the one thing I need more than anything else and because of this (typing this review out with red eyes) I will not be staying again.",Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
2289,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2290-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Excellent location and good service,"I stay regularly in this hotel and I have yet to be disappointed.  Rooms (other than the new Tower Rooms) can be a bit old fashioned but everything is clean, well-maintained and service is excellent. The ground floor public area gets very busy but bot Executive Lounges are usually a haven of tranquillity.",Date of stay: September 2015,5.0
2290,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2295-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Great location, Solid option, Just needs a few extra pieces to be ""great""","You can't beat the location - the back end of the hotel is situated right on the Paddington rail line and connected to the Tube (underground) station. There is an attached Starbucks right there as well, and a Sainsbury's grocery store adjacent as well which turned out to be a nice option for the trip.   The lobby is classy and nice, but reception (like others have said) could use a slight improvement to match their ""expected level of elegance"".  This was a business trip into a sightseeing stay - the room was adequate, clean and neat, had a few tiny items that were in minor disrepair (bathroom light fixture), but nothing major.  All in all a solid option that I would return to, but with a bit of attention to detail they could step up to a higher bracket of hotel.  Use your…",Date of stay: September 2015,4.0
2291,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2295-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Decent hotel well situated,"The most attractive thing about the Hilton Paddington is it's situation on the same site as Paddington station with direct access from the station. The rooms are fine with all the amenities that you would want but, quite honestly, at the price, I would have expected more!  The bed is comfortable with good quality linen and the room size is ample. There is a small desk and my bathroom, while fine, looked a bit old and tired. There was plenty of hot water but I would have preferred a stand alone shower rather than a shower in the bath. Again, a hotel of this nature should do better.  There is Wi-Fi available but irritatingly it is an extra cost whereas most hotels these days would provide free Wi-Fi.  I did not have meals in the hotel but my colleague had a very expensive and…",Date of stay: September 2015,3.0
2292,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2295-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Everything is great except the reception!,"This is my first time to London. The location of Hilton Paddington is excellent with it being connected to the Paddington station. You could get home conveniently and safely once you get inside the tube. And no matter how late you get back to the hotel, you can always buy grocery from the supermarket downstairs. The room itself is spacious and clean, and the bed is very comfortable as well. The only negative is its service from the reception. The staff at the reception have absolutely no smile or greeting whether I checked in or out, while all the other staff (concierge or housekeeping) are quite friendly!!!",Date of stay: September 2015,4.0
2293,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2295-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Business trip delight ,"I loved my stay here for just two days on my business trip to London. The room was comfortable to work in even after my long day and the staff there was so helpful and friendly! I asked for recommendations for things and suggestions and everyone was helpful and nice. The gym facilities are really nice (and I should have used them more ;-). All in all, a wonderful stay. ",Date of stay: September 2015,4.0
2294,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2295-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Mixed feelings,"My husband is a HHonors member, so we booked this hotel for our two last nights in London.  The hotel is a little tired and we didn't have a warm reception.  It is clean don't take me wrong.  We asked to be changed from our first assigned room because the double bed was next to a wall and we were two people that didn't want to climb over each other.  It was a good location because it is close to the train station. I would say that if you are visiting London for the first time, it is not the best location since it is not near to the main atractions.  However, we walked to some of the restaurants in the area and eat at a great Indian restaurant.",Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
2295,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2300-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great stay!!,"Spent three days here. It was great!! Friendly , helpful staff. Rooms were a good size  and everything was very clean. Very close to the bus stops and a few steps from the subway. There were a few good restaurants close by. Great area for walking in the surrounding neighborhoods. Would definitely stay here again.",Date of stay: September 2015,5.0
2296,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2300-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Awesome location. However the attitude of the staffs may make you wonder if you were staying in a 4-5 stars hotel. ,"Great location definitely deserve 200 pounds per night. Location is perfect. My brother and I traveled to Iceland after three days in London. We had to take Heathrow Express at Paddington. So if you are looking for something between convenient and comfortable place to stay, Hilton@Paddington absolutely the best choice. However if you demanded very heart-warming staffs and service, this one may not be the one you are looking for.   Staffs are well-trained, but very alarmed whenever guest approach for help. I brought my room card and explained why I needed some help. And the staff in the counter only asked me one question: Is that YOUR room card? Where in the world can I get a Hilton room card? Pick up on the street and pretend I live here? I think I was asking I did't know why…",Date of stay: August 2015,3.0
2297,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2300-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Weekend in London,"Great location for a brief stay.  Near train, nice restaurants and shops with all the necessities.  Even close to the double decker tour bus stop.  Rooms were fine, especially since we got the ""end of summer sale"" price.   My friend was unable to open her room door.  Maintenance and staff couldn't either.  Took many hours and finally removed door.  They moved her to a nice suite though.  fortunately, this was in the evening and didn't interfere with our sightseeing in this wonderful city.  Highly recommend the tour of Buckingham Palace if it's still open",Date of stay: September 2015,4.0
2298,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2300-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Loved it!,"This hotel was better than I expected.  We stayed in room 201 for four days. The room was beautiful and had air conditioning!  The bathroom was spacious and modern.  They were a bit stingy with the soap.  One little bar for 4 days.  The elevator was a few steps away and each morning we zipped down the elevator, a short walk through the glass doors and there was Starbucks.  Paddington Station was right there through the glass doors where we had access to transportation around and beyond London.  We took the train from Paddington to Newbury to visit Highclere Castle and also the Heathrow Express to the airport.  All worked out perfectly.  Paddington station is very clean with lots of choices for a quick meal.  The hotel lobby is very upscale and attractive.  Join Hilton Honors if…",Date of stay: September 2015,5.0
2299,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2300-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Fabulous accommodations!,"The room was luxurious, the concierge was excellent, the breakfast and the happy hour offerings were well selected and prepared. The hotel it self is strategically located with the train station footsteps away! We will definitely visit again!",Date of stay: July 2015,5.0
2300,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2305-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Location!,"Very convenient location at Paddington Station with easy access to trains, underground and Heathrow express - 90 seconds from reception to Heathrow Express. Veryslow checkin and quite run down interior decor - ""tired"" facility!",Date of stay: September 2015,3.0
2301,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2305-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,See to shave,"An Art Deco Room. The hotel marks its historic relationship with the GWR with etched glass. The bathroom had one unusual feature for a London hotel: the lighting was such that I could actually see to shave. Also the room light switches were marked.  The Hilton system of bidding for upgrades caused confusion, but the reception staff were exceptionally helpful. The Executive Lounge gave an excellent view of  the railway station concourse; again the staff were most helpful.  Breakfast in the Brasserie was pretty average, even though it was an off-peak time.",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
2302,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2305-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great Location - but........,"We are lucky to be Hilton Diamond so we took advantage of a very nice executive lounge.  Good view over Paddington station.  However, the rooms we have stayed in  (we have stayed here three times) are ok.  Typical Hilton.  The hotel is a little like a rabbit warren, corridors, passages and steps. Somehow our rooms always seem to be a trek from the elevator.  No view at all.  But definitely convenient to the station and the underground!",Date of stay: April 2015,4.0
2303,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2305-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Old, tired and faceless!","Hilton Paddington definitely meets basic Hilton standards but this flagship location really doesn't do the job - this should be a hotel that really represents Hilton in the UK. Instead it's old and run-down. The rooms have ripped carpets, broken showers and have furniture that has definitely seen better days. The hotel is in definite need of a refurb. Service was OK but faceless. The food was average but nothing more. Views are limited due to the crowded buildings in the area. It's a great shame because this hotel could be so much more!",Date of stay: September 2015,2.0
2304,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2305-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Good Location,Good Location and friendly staff.Breakfast was amazing .The only thing which let it down was the over all decor as it looks tiered ..in the rooms the bed and furniture look tiered .We stayed in room number 642 nice view.The hallway smelt a bit but very friendly staff who were very nice to us at 3 am in the morning.,Date of stay: September 2015,3.0
2305,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2310-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Understaffed but excellent location,"Stayed here over the weekend before a business commute. The main reason for my stay was the excellent location, right next to Paddington and just minutes away from Heathrow express. The doorman was chipper and offered bag assistance, however, upon check in it was clear this hotel is very understaffed. I waited in a queue for 10 minutes watching a mess of a reception experience. When I finally had my turn to check in, I also faced issues with my booking, as the dates had been incorrectly entered from the hotel. The supervisor on duty, Cassie, had to come over and rectify the issue and I must say she was very proficient, apologetic and lovely. Although it was obvious how stressful the day was, she was the only staff on reception to keep a smile on her face, and seemed to really be…",Date of stay: September 2015,3.0
2306,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2310-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Great Location,","Wonderful Hotel with a great breakfast, (nice selection of hot dishes)great location, right outside of Paddington Station, lots of restaurants closed by.... nice size rooms and bathrooms......And great service",Date of stay: April 2015,4.0
2307,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2310-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Worth it for the ease!,"My room was in the deepest, darkest depths of the hotel (haha) but the staff were really great and the breakfast in the morning had a lot of selection.  The ease of the location beats everything though!  Helped to keep London simple!",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
2308,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2310-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Good Central Hotel,Stayed here one night on business as it was close to HQ. It is also very convenient for other attractions in London The rooms were very nicely furnished and very comfortable.  All in all a nice hotel to stay in. I had breakfast which was also of high quality.  Not much more to say!,Date of stay: September 2015,4.0
2309,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2310-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Satisfied customer,"The staff at Hilton London Paddington were excellent as was the room, the rest of the hotel and the breakfast. I can't comment on any other facilities as I did not make use of them but from what I saw I would definitely stay there again. Location was superb, I arrived by train from the West Country and left by the Heathrow Express. Quick, simple and easy. Perfect.",Date of stay: September 2015,5.0
2310,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2315-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,good hotel right at Paddington station,"I picked this hotel because it was right at Paddington station...and it is...all you need to do is go up a flight of stairs from main room at station,and you are in hotel.I booked a towers room to see what they were like,and check in was right there,very fast check in,and the agent had to show me to my room.....trying to find the towers room at the hotel was a bit more than I wanted to figure out....but after that I was able to find my room ok....it was a bit of a maze, .....towers room was very nice,large,clean.I used the lounge on 7th floor...was. ok with coffie,tea,etc & a few cakes in afternoon.Went there for breakfast the next am, and had a nice spread of items,and they took orders for fresh cooked eggs.Overall a nice business hotel,would stay here again, but not sure if I…",Date of stay: September 2015,4.0
2311,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2315-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,very good hotel at Paddington Station,"Right at Paddington station,you just go up the stairs and hotel is right there.Check in was fast, I booked a towers room so I knew where to go.Finding the towers room was another issue.....complicated,but after the 1st time was ok to find.Room was very nice,large,clean everything you would expect from a Hilton business hotel.Visited the lounge on the 7th floor, not bad....had breakfast there the next morning, pretty good for lounge food,I would stay here again if needed,but not sure if I would spend the extra $ for towers room.",Date of stay: September 2015,4.0
2312,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2315-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Posh!,"This place was my little bit of spoiling at the end of a more thrifty trip. It certainly met that goal! Lovely place nice comfortable room, quiet and a good size. This hotel is attached to Paddington station so it makes getting the Paddington express to the airport a snap. THe wifi was not blindly fast, but it was usable.  I would highly recommend it.",Date of stay: August 2015,5.0
2313,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2315-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great Location and Amenities,"This location is wonderful and only one block from a major metro station. Plenty of places to eat all over and a small store across the street for basic eats and drinks. Restaurant and bar on site are pretty The rooms are a little on the smaller side and the open areas to congregate are minimal also. Although small, rooms had everything we needed - 20 foot ceilings made it feel bigger too! The wifi is really sketchy as will constantly go out as you move around (about every 15 mins). The concierge is very knowledgeable and helpful. We ended up walking about 10 mins to some REALLY great restaurants (Indian and Italian). Husband was there on work so I ventured out during the day - always felt safe on my own and concierge helped point me in the direction of fun things to do.",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
2314,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2315-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,lovely stay,Stayed overnight as part of coach party. Good check in and very friendly staff . Had dinner in restaurant which was lovely. Meal very good value (drinks in bar expensive though). Lovely breakfats too. Would go back.,Date of stay: September 2015,4.0
2315,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2320-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Location great but ......,"This hotel is in a superb location and is comfortable and clean. However, Wi Fi charges are sky high and unnecessary; surely a chain like Hilton can provide free Wi Fi for its guests? In-room dining really pricey and mediocre quality. The first time I stayed I had a view of a brick wall. This time I requested a view...and got a view..of a concrete courtyard. Corporate with individual attention lacking. ",Date of stay: September 2015,3.0
2316,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2320-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Dated and an unexpected visitor,"Check in process functional and friendly.  The hotel itself well located and easy to find.  The rooms pleasant enough, very comfortable bed with a good nights sleep.   Hotel room's do seem to dated, mine still had an iPhone 4 docking station, entertainment system aged too.  Bathroom sink with large crack through it.  More worrying was the mouse running around the hotel bar at midnight, it looked like it was living in the seating booth.  Certainly not was I expecting to see!  Easy checkout process.",Date of stay: September 2015,3.0
2317,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2320-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Not at all impressed,"After hearing and reading decent reviews of this hotel I decided to give it a try, mainly due to its convenience, being right next to Paddington railway station. The check in process was arduous to say the least. I've stayed in many hotels due to my work and this one has to rate as one of the worst when it comes to checking in! The member of staff on this occasion was very slow, not very communicative when it came to the welcome, mainly just a series of droned in questions and procedural instructions. After 3 or 4 minutes of giving my name, the girl was still tapping away at the computer (no trainee badge to be seen and certainly no communication to state the reason for the length of delay)... A few minutes more passed and I noticed that the couple at the receptionist next to me…",Date of stay: September 2015,3.0
2318,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2320-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,a catalogue of issues but all resolved to my satisfaction.,"I stayed at this hotel with my 7 year old son at the end of July. I chose this hotel, like many for ease of acces. We arrived from Windsor, all activities during the following day were on the Paddington Tube and Heathrow was very easy.   We arrived in reception just before 5.30. There then followed a series of issues that meant we didn't get into our room until 3 hours later!  That in itself should mean I give a poor review of the hotel, however, credit where credit is due. The staff tried exceptionally hard to sort matters both on the evening and the following morning.  I have to admit to being unsympathetic towards the situation during the evening as I had an exceptionally tired child with me.  I also felt like I was going to have a bit of a battle checking out the following…",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
2319,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2320-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Noisy room,After a stressful day at he hospital thought couls get a peaceful nights sleep. Sadly disappointed. Constent droning/machine/engine noise in the room.  No sleep. There was only 2 cups in the room when room was to sleep four. Again only 2 dressing gowns.  Everything was for two.,Date of stay: September 2015,3.0
2320,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2325-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great base but be selective about your room type,"We were really impressed with the value for money, location, and quality of the new rooms and access to the executive lounge in the new tower. Clean, efficient with an excellent bed and bathroom. We chose it for the location and it was the easiest transfer from Heathrow, on the express and straight to the hotel. The lobby is overwhelming in how hectic it gets, but the tower rooms take you well away from the chaos. There are grand views but so easy to walk to so many locations, take the bus or train or national rail. The location really is superb and having never really enjoyed Paddington before, we realised that we could access so many parts of London.",Date of stay: August 2015,4.0
2321,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2325-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Excellent location for access to transportation,I chose this hotel for its proximity to Paddington Station and the Heathrow Express. It connects directly to the station which made our early morning flight out of Heathrow airport a cinch. We caught the 540 am Heathrow express and were through security at the airport by 630 am. The restaurant in the hotel had a breakfast buffet that was pretty pricey since we aren't huge breakfast eaters. There are several breakfast options right in the station The room and hotel were very nice and the staff were helpful. We didn't really explore outside the immediate vicinity of the hotel. We hopped on the underground and were in central London in no time.,Date of stay: July 2015,5.0
2322,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2325-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great convenient location for our one night stay.,"Great convenient location for our one night stay. After early morning arrival at Heathrow this hotel was great for quick arrival into London and immediate start for a day at the museum. We had planned to drop our luggage at the hotel desk but instead we were able to check-in early. Then right out to the Tube station. The next morning we were leaving on an early train to Bath and we just walk thru the hotel directly into Paddington station.   The room accommodations were spacious for a European hotel, comfortable and well appointed. Great location for connections. Very good English breakfast buffet as well.",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
2323,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2325-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Solid experience; great for Paddington!,"This hotel is attached to London Paddington Station, therefore it is extremely convenient for train services to places like Bath and Bristol. The room was clean, spacious and comfortable; the staff were friendly, efficient and professional. We will happily return again.",Date of stay: March 2015,4.0
2324,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2325-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Convenient to Paddington stations,"This hotel chain is situated next to Paddington station and opposite the subway.For any traveller with deep pockets may like to opt for this hotel only because of the former facts and nothing else.Surrounding the hotel are restaurants including fast foods restaurants, souvenir shops and about 10 mins walk towards Edgware road, one will find Tesco Extra. The room which was arranged for me overlooked the roof of Paddington station and remarkably, one could not hear any noise or sound coming from the station. And, it was big enough to fit 3 adults.Taxis are easy to get as they are lined up in front of the hotel.",Date of stay: August 2015,3.0
2325,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2330-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Perfect location - to city & to the airport!,Our second time here. The reason we chose this again is because of its connectivity to the city and airport.  Easily accessible both by Tube and Overground rail services. In fact it's back entrance is the Paddington Train Station itself (though please note that they shut that door at midnight). The bus connectivity to the city is also great.  Service at is impeccable so is the breakfast. Couple of eating joints around the hotel.   A walking distance away from the beautiful Kensington Gardens and Hyde Park. A perfect London hotel. Thanks once again for your hospitality. ,Date of stay: August 2015,5.0
2326,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2330-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Another great stay,"A fabulous hotel this is the second time I have stayed and it was just as good as the first. The staff could not be more accommodating, the room was very nice the breakfast was outstanding. The treatment given to you as a gold member, is the best I have ever had at a Hilton.",Date of stay: August 2015,5.0
2327,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2330-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,GWR Tower Rooms - Worth it?,"My wife and I have stayed at this hotel several times and when we were offered an upgrade, at a reasonable price, to an Executive Room, we agreed and were assigned to a GWR Tower Room on the 6th Floor.  But I don't know if I would take the offer again.    To get to the room you have to take two elevators and negotiate a small set of stairs.  This is a large hotel that's spread out over an old building but the GWR rooms are a bit of a hike especially with bags.  Also, when we arrived in the room, we asked for a luggage rack that took nearly an hour to arrive including a second call to the concierge.  While the room is spacious, there's really only room for one bag - one of my pet-peeves with hotels.  Also, the TV took three people to get it to work.    Oddly, the aircon seemed to…",Date of stay: August 2015,3.0
2328,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2330-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Fantastic Hotel,"I would like to first make a big distinction between Hilton corporate and this hotel.  Hilton corporate is TERRIBLE.  This hotel is FANTASTIC.    I started looking around to book my trip to London 14 months before my trip.  At that time, almost none of the hotels, including HIlton, had opened their booking for the time period I wanted - it appears you can only book a year in advance.    After pricing came available, I started shopping around and in October 2014, I booked my hotel room for August 2015.  I booked a twin room for myself and my son.    When I booked the room, I looked online and spoke with Hilton reservations.  I was advised that the lowest price I could get was 246 GBP per night (I now found out that if I had ""prebooked"" the room, it should have been 166 GBP - I'm…",Date of stay: August 2015,5.0
2329,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2330-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Convenient and above average,"This hotel has the advantage of a great location. It's right next to Paddington Station and convenient to the express train to LHR.  There are a number of choices to eat within walking distance.  The hotel can take a long time to check in or out, and sometimes they don't enforce the no smoking rules as well as they should.  However, it's a reasonably nice hotel with a great location.",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
2330,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2335-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Convenient location,"Got a pretty good price, relatively last minute directly through the Hilton website, unfortunately not able to book a tower suite, but settled for a Queen Hilton suite instead. The E-check in facility was great as it allowed us to specifically choose the floor and suite from the ones available. The suite we chose was a really good size with a large bedroom with a king size bed, a separate sitting room with a sofa bed- perfect for our teenage son, and a good size bathroom. The suite included access to the executive lounge downstairs in the hotel foyer, which was great for a pre dinner drink and nibbles. Although continental breakfast in the exec lounge was included, we paid a little bit more for a full breakfast. I was a little disappointed in the food, the hot food was on a help…",Date of stay: August 2015,4.0
2331,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2335-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Connections with Heathrow,"I travelled back from Hong Kong on business and arrived back at Heathrow mid-afternoon. I decided to spend a night at this hotel to recover from the flight and chose it (a) because I got a good deal on Booking.com and (b) because it was right next to Paddington and Heathrow Express. The hotel has Art Deco features. The room had a double bed and was very comfortable and quiet, with excellent bathroom facilities. I managed to sleep 12 hours to recover from the long daytime flight. Breakfast the next day was included in the package and was excellent. Great service from hotel staff, efficient and courteous. I would say that the public areas of the hotel look a little tired, and need imaginative re-decoation to breathe life into them. But my room was faultless, clean and comfortable.",Date of stay: August 2015,4.0
2332,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2335-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,GWR Tower Rooms,Stayed here a few times over the years basically because its easy from Heathrow on the Heathrow Express right to the Hotel in Paddington station.  This time the staff were good enough to upgrade me to The GWR Tower Rooms which have all been refitted and are very comfortable....if you staying here look for offers on th GWR rooms which also have a private lounge for people staying in the tower,Date of stay: August 2015,4.0
2333,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2335-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Amazing New GWR Tower Rooms,"Stayed here one night on business this week and after a decade of staying in Hiltons in central London I was pleasantly surprised to find the new GWR Tower Rooms.  Brand new, immaculate and tidy.  Even had a turn-down service without asking which is rare these days.    Nice exclusive GWR Tower Exec Club which is separate and more exclusive than the main Hilton Pad. Exec Club so much less of a bun fight and breakfast had a chef that cooked eggs to order.....which I don't see much these days.  The only challenge is that the rooms are a long way from reception through corridors and two different lifts....but ok once you figure it out.    Definitely will return if the price remains competitive which is always a tough call in London  !",Date of stay: August 2015,5.0
2334,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2335-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Conviently Located,The hotel is right on top of Paddington Station but you don't hear a thing. A very busy hotel and when we arrived they did not have us booked in even though we had booked through a travel agent many months prior to our stay. Luckily there was a room available. Cassie on the front desk even though only being there for a month fixed it all for us. Thank you Cassie you kept it all calm for us even though we panicked a bit at first.They hotel itself is extremely busy and even though staff seemed a bit stretched at times seem to handle it okay. Room clean and serviced very well. Bed a little too hard for me felt like sleeping on a board but the pillows were nice.,Date of stay: August 2015,4.0
2335,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2340-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"One night, lodged in the tower and felt like a prince","What a great room. We were only staying one night in London and we wanted to be close to the airport. This hotel is perfect as it is near the heathrow express. The room I booked is a suite in the west tower. Amazing room, with three stories and a great deck. Get this room if you can and feel like a prince and princess for a night. Fun room.",Date of stay: August 2015,5.0
2336,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2340-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Convenient and superbly comfortable.,"Stayed here for a theatre night.  Selected for its proximity and direct entry to Paddington Station.  Room selected via online checkin was not available but was offered another room, available immediately at 13:30.  Club level, executive club offered a good range of sandwiches, wraps, cakes and coffee, sufficient for a light lunch.  Room very well appointed, soft, v fluffy towels and robes.  Good quality bedding, could not fault in any way. Appreciated the black out drapes fir a morning sleep in.  Breakfast in executive lounge offered a good range of hot and cold foods. Left bag at concierge for the day and was greeted in a friendly manner on retrieval.  For comfort, proximity to,Paddington and quality accommodation, I always enjoy this hotel.",Date of stay: August 2015,5.0
2337,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2340-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Super convenient location,"Stayed at this hotel twice in August 2015--once using United Mileage Plus miles & once paying.  Using the miles, the room was large for a London hotel room & perfectly adequate.  When paying for a room (& I am a Hilton Honors member), the room was HUGE and the bathroom was much bigger than in the ""miles"" room.  The view from the room was also better.  The only faults I could find was that even though these were double rooms with two guests staying, the toiletries were barely enough for one person.  My husband said if we stay there again we'll bring our own soap!  The other fault was with the doorstop in the smaller room's bathroom.  The doorstop is affixed to the floor directly in front of the toilet.  I actually thought I had broken some toes when accessing the bathroom but…",Date of stay: August 2015,5.0
2338,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2340-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,short stay but close enough to see the sites,"We took a train from Windsor into Paddington Station then it was a very short walk to the hotel. We were only in the lobby 5 minutes and someone had a bag stolen.  The desk clerk told us it happens a lot because the station entrance is right in the lobby....but it  happens a lot in London, also saw  a man lose his brief case in the Euro Train station while he talked on his cell phone.  So be careful everywhere. Room was modern with AC.  Great bed and linens.  Nice bathroom. coffee and tea center plus a stocked bar. We were able to walk to all the different places we wanted to see in the 14 hours we were in London. The doorman was very helpful with directions and arranging for a taxi with the correct directions.",Date of stay: August 2015,4.0
2339,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2340-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Stayed One Night,We stayed here one night on our way home to US thinking it would be easy to take Heathrow Express.  Ended up getting a good deal using the hotel's car service to the airport.  The room was somewhat spacious for 3....2 adults and a teenager.  Bathroom large and lots of counter space.  Breakfast was included and there were many hot and cold items to choose from.  Nice hotel but only experienced it for less than 24 hours.  ,Date of stay: August 2015,4.0
2340,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2345-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Customer Service?...,"After staying at the Hilton in Melbourne Australia and more recently in Queenstown New Zealand we were looking forward to the Hilton in Paddington. Our disappointment started at the check in where, as we were early (after flying half way round the world) we were told that our room was not yet ready. That was fine however we received absolutely no help regarding how long it would be, what to do with our bags, local area guidance to fill in the time - no customer service at all. The attitudes of the staff at reception was dismissive and not at all what we have come to expect from Hilton Hotels. We had to continually prompt with questions otherwise the service was non-existent. This continued with with the smarmy comments when we had a more preferred seat location at breakfast the…",Date of stay: July 2015,2.0
2341,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2345-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,5* Tower Rooms virtually on the platform = Perfect Peace of Mind!,Fantastic!! So convenient!!! There’s an entrance to the hotel literally straight off the train platform so there’s no messing about with traffic & expense of taxis/tube from hotel to train station.  If you want peace of mind then this hotel is an absolute gift!  It’s also within spitting distance to Hyde Park etc so once you’ve settled into your room you can access central London stuff with absolute ease …..the tube station & taxi rank are literally on your doorstep.  I booked a Tower Room because usually I’d stay in a 5* but wanted convenience over star rating…..this hotel is a 4*.  The Tower Rooms are 5* …..in a separate wing to the main hotel and the distinction is immediately apparent as you step from the traditional Hilton corridor into the slick sophisticated Tower ….shiny…,Date of stay: July 2015,5.0
2342,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2345-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,such a shame,"I visited this hotel to attend some meetings - beautiful hotel but was shocked at the staff in the lounge. Not one member of the team smiled until a lovely girl attended to my bill. throughout the 5 hours I was there I was ignored and when i was served there was no politeness or desire to help. I can apprecited the odd person having a bad day - we all get them but I can honestly say this was the most unfriendly hotel I have ever visited and I visit alot through my work. such a shame as the hotel is situated in a lovely area and close to the stations,",Date of stay: August 2015,2.0
2343,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2345-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Good Location for Travel in London,"We stayed one night before a flight to the US - we had intended to arrive by train from Devon, but had to drive to LHR and get a taxi from there due to train cancellations. Stayed in a Queen Suite, comfortable large (for London) 2 room suite with a balcony larger than the suite itself looking south over the London skyline. Room service was good, and not too pricy, you can also go down to Paddington Station and get food there. The best feature is the hotel being above Paddington Station, in the morning we took the lift down to the platforms and on to the Heathrow Express.",Date of stay: July 2015,5.0
2344,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2345-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Good pre-flight stay,"Stayed here before a morning flight out from Heathrow. Being just across the road (literally) from Paddington Stn, it's perfect for the Heathrow Express. Quite expensive, but rooms are plush and comfortable, as you'd expect from Hilton. Concierge was a little dismissive, other than that, all good.",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
2345,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2350-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great Stay in London - Always!,"This is a quality Hilton Hotel in the old Great Western Hotel building atop Paddington Station. The area in London is full of great restaurants and pubs, parks and easy access to the Underground, Rail System, and tourist areas. Hotel staff are wonderful and service beyond compare.",Date of stay: August 2015,5.0
2346,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2350-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,London as it was,"The Hilton Paddington is an art deco hotel attached to London's Paddington Station, the main benefit for any business traveler is that you can get from Heathrow to the hotel in 15 minutes using the Heathrow express. I stayed in the GWR Tower which overlooked the station itself, whilst not the greatest of views it was authentic and coupled with the decor and furnishing made you think of days gone by.",Date of stay: January 2015,5.0
2347,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2350-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Disappointment on recent visit,As a client who has stayed many times in the hotel and found it very good my last visit much less so I had reserved an executive room which is sold as an average 320 sq m but was brought to a ridiculously small I would say barely 200 sqm room Then our problems started Contacted guest relationions spend almost 30 minutes and many phone calls some from myself to attempt a solution but to be told amazingly that as a concession we would be UPGRADED to the room we had already reserved but would have to move out after 2 nights  It took more calls before that was resolved Forttunately I had my confirmations Then moved to nice room However had to have our keys replaced 3 times during stay Wifi crazy made to logon every time To be fair first time we had these problems with the hotel,Date of stay: August 2015,3.0
2348,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2350-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,What a disappointment,"I stayed overnight on a Saturday as I had an early flight from Heathrow. It is such a well located hotel - right at Paddington station. Unfortunately when I checked in the hotel lobby was frenetic with hordes of newly arrived young conference participants. The concierge was busy and dismissive when I asked for assistance, That night I was awoken by the sound of loud music reverberating through the hotel at 1.00am. When I rang to complain I was told it was a private function and that it was due to finish at 3.00am!  Never again even though the room itself was lovely and the location perfect.",Date of stay: August 2015,3.0
2349,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2350-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Good for a business meeting over a coffee,"Sometimes one has to meet a client/colleague in town, and seeks a location convenient for that person. On this occasion he was coming into Paddington by train, so the Hilton was idea. We had coffee and a sandwich lunch in the annexe to the Brasserie, The lighting is not brilliant, and it is very, very busy. But it is comfortable, and the service is first rate for these reasons: 1. Courteous & attentive; 2. Non-intrusive; they spot your purpose (i.e. to meet for a serious conversation) and thus leave you alone, even tho' you may here for a couple of hours. The Club Sandwich was good too.",Date of stay: August 2015,4.0
2350,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2355-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Next to Paddington Bear,"We stayed in this hotel for 3 night in the beginning of June. The hotel is very convenient for travelers arriving by Heathrow Express: it is exactly in two steps and next to famous Paddington bear. In general, the hotel rooms are outdated and you may expect only Hilton standard bedding. This hotel does not take into account your HHonors Gold membership: no upgrades, no executive lounge access... In general it is fine if you stay here for couple of days. For longer period I would prefer other more modern hotels.",Date of stay: August 2015,4.0
2351,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2355-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Expected more for the price however well located,"Stayed here 3 nights due to an unexpected change in plans.  As a HH member who booked online I had free wifi included.  Arrived by taxi to be greeted by no one.  Had to haul my bags out by myself and carry them inside.  Doormen seem to be non existent.  Arrived to bedlam as a tour group had just arrived and although the manager was calling out names and handing out room keys they were all still lining up to check in.  There was no allocated check in queue for HH members so was required to wait until they all left. I had checked in online and selected my room which was great, had managed to pick the one farthest from the lifts in a dead end so I had no foot traffic or noise.  Room was large and comfortable and the bed was very comfortable.  I had an executive room which gave me…",Date of stay: August 2015,3.0
2352,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2355-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,So So,"We stayed one night and we warmly welcomed, the room was good and the staff generally good too.   But we returned after a meal out and wanted a bottle of wine in the Lounge.  The service was truely terrible, we waited about 1/2 hour for a bottle of wine and 4 glasses, we wouldn't have minded but there weren't that many customers.  The staff (2) spent their time chatting by the bar.  When we complained they did bring the bottle over in a couple of minutes.  The table next to us waited even longer.",Date of stay: August 2015,3.0
2353,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2355-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Best location inside Paddington station,"First off, the location is unbeatable. It is right inside Paddington station, you don't even need to walk out of the station. Best to stay for the night before taking Heathrow Express to the airport. The concierge is very friendly and helpful, even gave us maps to navigate our way. The reception however are less enthusiastic and less smiley. The hotel is not very tall (think 6 floors) and every floor is very huge. My room 233 is especially far from the lift and there are even a few stairs to take before reaching it (bad for luggage). The room is large, but the bed is not the most comfortable. It is too springy to make a good night rest. Wifi is not free. Recommended to stay here if you need to take the train to the airport. It's only 15mins!",Date of stay: August 2015,3.0
2354,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2355-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great location for Heathrow Express and London Tube access,"The Hilton London Paddington is a fantastic hotel and best location in London.  We were able to get the Heathrow Express, be sure to goggle discount rates especially if you travel as a couple.  You literally arrive at Paddington Station and the Hilton Hotel is an elevator ride up one level.  The hotel service is excellent, the English Breakfast is delicious with a huge selection of everything you could think of to have for breakfast! The Hilton is literally across the street from the Underground and the staff there can help you with various ticketing options that are most economical.  We could walk to Kingston Palace and the gardens from the Hotel...lovely gardens and museums with incredible art exhibitions for free. London is an amazing city and always love coming back!! Our…",Date of stay: May 2015,5.0
2355,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2360-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Perfect for a one-night stop,"Was spending just a day on transit and this was a perfect idea. Off from the Heathrow Express, get into your room, refresh, get around London, come back and refresh again, and you are just 15mins away from Heathrow! Perfecto!!",Date of stay: August 2015,4.0
2356,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2360-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Convenient for Heathrow Express,"This was our second stay here and the location is ideal if you are travelling to and from Heathrow and need a base in central London.  Overall our experience was positive.  Our room was spacious and well equipped.  It did have a view of a crane and the current upgrade works to Paddington Station which may make for a noisy mid week during day time but was no problem at the weekend.  The hotel is also a short walk from Hyde Park / Kensington Gardens and well connected for the rest of the tube service.  The concierge staff were helpful and charming and happy to store luggage after we had checked out.  However, breakfast service was poor, verging on rude.  A couple who were placed on the table next to us asked if it would be possible to sit at a recently vacated table offering…",Date of stay: August 2015,3.0
2357,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2360-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great for Paddington station access.,"Good access to the heart of London and Paddington station. Room was standard, not a desirable view. However, the room was adequate with a very comfortable bed and pillows. Breakfast very good but at an additional cost.",Date of stay: July 2015,5.0
2358,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2360-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Location location location,This hotel sits across the street from the Underground and is connected to the train station.  It is very convenient for travelers.  The hotel offers all amenities except free wifi which is only available free with the honors program.  Bar drinks are expensive. Very strict check in time which is terribly inconvenient for Americans who will always arrive early in the morning.  They are very willing to hold your luggage except it is put in the same room with a very large group of baggage.  Little scary to walk away from.,Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
2359,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2360-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,A lovely birthday upgrade for this Hilton Diamond thanks Hilton Paddington,I had booked a standard room and requested an upgrade for my birthday. Boy was I well looked after with an upgrade to a beautiful Corner room 3209 in the lovely new Rower. The room was spotless and the staff were lovely. The bed was so comfy The lounge was great. Thank you so much,Date of stay: August 2015,5.0
2360,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2365-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Old furniture, noisy room","We picked this hotel because it adjoins Paddington Train Station. I'm not sure when it was built, but the furniture in our room looked like it had been there since the 70s or 80s at the latest.  Not only that, but there was a party going on in the room next door until 5 am.  Not sure how else to put it, but the whole place has a kind of creepy vibe.",Date of stay: August 2015,3.0
2361,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2365-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Hotel internet needs an update,"The hotel is a perfect lotion for access West End and to Paddington Station. Rooms are nice but not luxurious. By Europe standards they are probably standard to large. By U.S. standards, they are small, with not much wiggle room. The furnishings are nice within the rooms.  Overall, this is a standard Hilton hotel.   The breakfast is fantastic. Typically the breakfast included option in many hotel reservation packages is not worth the cost. In this hotel, the breakfast is a wonderful option and should not be missed. There are a wide arrange of offerings for all tastes and the service is excellent.  My only disappointment with this hotel is that we had a room located at the end of a hall. In our part of the hotel the internet did not work. The business center is small. Although I…",Date of stay: August 2015,4.0
2362,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2365-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Great location, less than stellar service","Stayed here with the family for a few days in London. The location is fantastic, central to everything. Room was clean, but nothing special. Especially given the rates, I was expecting a bit more. The concierge desk was unbelievably awful. We had a friend dropping something off for us, and trying to get anyone to help us was a joke. The breakfast was good, except that the scrambled eggs looked/tasted like they were instant.",Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
2363,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2365-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Arabs best meeting point,"This hotel is one of the best hotels that i have ever been in to, I  used to stay there frequently while visit my friend's from 2010 till 2014, every time I visit London I choose this hotel. As an arab guy I love this place because its located in Edgware Road  (known with arabs as ""arab street"") where you can get all kind of arab food and supermarkets, basically halal food. Ends up with a good  weekend with arab friends.",Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
2364,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2365-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Perfect location for vacationers arriving from Heathrow,The Heathrow Express and Connect trains terminate at Paddington and the hotel is up the escalator.  This is the big plus.  Otherwise there's too much foot traffic in the lobby as people use the hotel as a shortcut from the street to the station.  Rooms are decent for the price paid.  This hotel has a newer GWR tower but will not upgrade unless you pay for it regardless of your loyalty level.,Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
2365,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2370-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,A great stay for business in&out meeting,"A good quality hotel, slightly on the old-fashioned and quaint side -- 150 years ago the building used to be the headquarters of the Great Western Railroad company. A great location for travellers -- flying in to Heathrow and taking a Heathrow Express train means that between stepping off the plane and getting in to the hotel room you never get out into the open.  Solid breakfast buffet choices at the ground-floor restaurant. The free hotel WiFi is fast but disconnects/logs you out whenever the connection with the WiFi transmitter is lost -- i.e. when changing floors or switching off the handset (very inconvenient!).  Spent three nights attending a business event.",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
2366,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2370-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"location, location",I love this hotel for being on top of the Heathrow Express and easy access to the tube.  We had a 4th floor room overlooking the train station and it was very quiet and had a decent view.  We preselected the room on line and had to guess which direction the room was facing.  Breakfast in the executive lounge was quick and adequate.,Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
2367,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2370-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great location but don't count on the wifi,Stayed here at the end of July. You cannot beat the location if you are flying into London. The Heathrow Express basically lands right at the entrance to the hotel. We never got wifi to reliably work and the staff is useless in getting it fixed.  If you have true opportunity to have breakfast included in your stay - it is worth it. We stayed 4 different places across Europe and this was the best breakfast with a range of hot and cold items. Our room was a king size and had enough room for a rollaway bed for our son. Clean. The bathroom is large even by western standards. The room had both European and UK electric plugs ( which was nice). Paddington Station is a great spot to get anywhere you need in London. The hotel is nothing special - but we would stay here again.  Just keep…,Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
2368,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2370-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Very convenient but a bit stuffy,I stayed here recently for one night and picked this hotel due to it's proximity to the Great Western Train and Heathrow Express.  For those reasons it worked out great but the hotel itself is in an art deco style and is very formal.  The bed was comfortable and the room was clean.  We got room service and the food was excellent as was the quick service.  There were lots of business people in the lobby and restaurant and to get to our room we had to go up about 5 stairs in a hallway so I'm not sure this would be a good choice for families.   If you're not a Hilton member then WiFi is an extra charge.,Date of stay: August 2015,4.0
2369,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2370-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Convenient but too noisy room,Very convenient location from airport taking Heathrow Express and trains or tube to other cities. However my room was located on 1st floor and I can hear the trains passed by at night or early morning.  Quite noisy that woke me up when you are in jet lag mode. The bathroom is very basic and tired. Room light is a bit dim as well. Staff in general are without smilies. I guess maybe because this hotel is busy all the time. ,Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
2370,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2375-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Nice hotel, old rooms","Nice hotel, stayed here for business, Rooms were a bit outdated, cleaning & service were great tough. Bar was empty after 1 day conference that was a bit a disaster.   - elevators broke down and I had no clue how to get downstairs from the 6th floor.",Date of stay: May 2015,3.0
2371,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2375-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Right at Paddington station,"The Hilton London Paddington is very conveniently located at, almost in Paddington station. It's got great meeting facilities, the food offering is Hilton standard = very enjoyable. It's an old, charming building, the staff is friendly and it is clean. Only downside, the hotel bar as well as any bars around are shut early during the week ;-)",Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
2372,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2375-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Comfortable,Nice room but as expected from a hotel of this name. £7.40 for a glass of Merlot ! If you going to stay here use late rooms.com for the best deal. Good location for Paddington and good restaurants near by. Easy tube links.,Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
2373,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2375-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Can't get easier than Paddington,"Get off the Heathrow Express and you are at your hotel.  Never having to leave the station, check-in was easy and the apparently newly remodeled executive wing was spotless and inviting.  Roydin, the attendant in the executive lounge where we took breakfast was attentive, personable and engaging.  The hotel staff made a ""heart of London"" large hotel feel like a boutique hotel - great rooms - great amenities - great location - the Paddington Hilton was a great choice.",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
2374,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2375-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Excellent location if Heathrow Express is key,"I have stayed at Hilton Paddington a few times due to the obvious proximity to Paddington Station - essentially at the station - and proximity to places I visit in business. Pretty nice hotel, always fairly full thanks to its location. Rooms are OK but nothing fancy and obviously the old building has its limits. Usually I have big problems with WiFi connection and end up using mobile devices for mobile data (oh those roaming charges....). I have complained about this at front desk but no visible progress. Breakfast is very good. Concierge has been very good. The service with other staff has a lot of variance. It is evident that staff turnaround is quite high.",Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
2375,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2380-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Bad bad filthy,"The rooms smelled bad, the a/c wasn't working, unpleasant duty manager. Bad staff and  Breakfast ran out of most items was never replaced. The one good thing it's right next to Heathrow Express which really convenient .",Date of stay: July 2015,1.0
2376,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2380-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,One night in Paddington,"Very tardy review, but I stayed one night here on April 10th, in Room 637.  Had booked a ""Double Hilton Guestroom"" for 144GBP but was upgraded to a top floor Tower Room, which was nice, except for all the cigarette butts on the ""walkway"" outside the window.  Small matter, but gross.  The room was perfectly nice, and the hotel was attached to Paddington Station, which was my primary reason for staying there as I was off to Cardiff the next day.  Would stay again, and would give a 3.5 rating if that choice was available.  TBM",Date of stay: April 2015,3.0
2377,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2380-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Great location, but rooms left a lot to be desired.","I stayed at the hotel paddington for two nights while on business. The rooms were truly mediocre. Some of my complaints:  * Cramped bathroom with strange design. * Terrible lighting. * Rock-hard bed (if you like firm beds, this is a plus). * Difficult to get to from lobby.",Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
2378,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2380-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Birthday treat,"I had booked this hotel as it was the most reasonable price for 3 adults sharing room with Breakfast at a very central location.  I was travelling with my elderly mother who although is very abled travelling does take it toll.  I was concerned at first that the hotel was at Paddington Station, but was very pleasantly surprised that you could hear no noise of trains/tubes/London in general.  The room was very clean and comfortable, breakfast had superb choice and every member of staff was attentive.  In general there is nothing that I, my sister or mother could complain about.  For the location and value for money this hotel is somewhere that I would stay again, and would recommend to others.",Date of stay: July 2015,5.0
2379,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2380-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Comedy of Errors,"The confusion started when we entered the hotel.  Our prepaid reservation was 'Lost' and we had to wait until it could be verified via telephone to the main reservations venue,  After that was sorted we proceeded to our room. We managed to get our travel documents locked in the safe and it refused to open. It took until the next morning to have this resolved. In the interim we missed our international flight and had to stay another day. We were shuffled out of our executive room into a standard room on the top floor There was no view and the bed jutted out underneath. I managed to hurt myself on this that evening.  Breakfast was fine the first day in the executive lounge. The second day in the hotel restaurant it was extremely crowded and people were very rude.  Overall this was…",Date of stay: July 2015,2.0
2380,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2385-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Easy access to London,Stayed at the Hilton for 3 nights while visiting London.  The hotel is located at the Paddington train station with easy access to the Hilton.  I took the train from the airport on the express train. it was easy to find and tickets were sold by a vendor just outside the  platform.  You can buy a return ticket it needed and it is cheaper to do it then.  We found the hotel staff to be very friendly and helpful.  We had requested early check in since we were coming from the states. The staff is great with ideas of what to do and also with helping plan a route to get there.  We used the tubes (trains) located right across the street.  Ask for a map of the train lines. They are well marked and easy to get around.  We ate in the executive lounge and found that it was well serviced and…,Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
2381,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2385-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great location Fabulous hotel !!,"We could not have chosen a hotel better located in London then this one! Right across the street from the underground and train station and 5 minutes from the Hop on Hop off bus pick up location. Also, near great pubs, restaurants and coffee shops. The hotel staff was very friendly and helpful. The beds were ultra comfy and rooms surprisingly spacious. Although Wifi was free in the rooms I had a hard time getting on line most days. The breakfast had a wide array of choice even Gluten free items! I would definitely recommend this property to anyone going to London if budget is not a main concern. However, one thing is for sure you definitely get your money's worth!",Date of stay: July 2015,5.0
2382,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2385-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Hilton,"We had a great stay here for an over night leisure trip to London. We stayed in an executive tower room,absolutely fabulous. Service was very good and staff extremely friendly and helpful. We ate in the excutive lounge and the bar/dining room all excellent, food and cocktails were amazing. On return from our concert which was around midnight we wanted to go to the bar this was closed and nightclub/bar was open which we didn't want. We retired to our room and had room service which is expensive. ",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
2383,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2385-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Best Afternoon Tea in London,Went for Afternoon Tea with a Groupon voucher and can't recommend enough. Amazing food with excellent service. Constantly looked after and asked whether we wanted more which didn't expect due to the voucher. ,Date of stay: July 2015,5.0
2384,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2385-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Relaxing stay at the Hilton Paddington,"Enjoyed a 3 night stay with my 2 sons for a long weekend. Check-in was efficient and the concierge looked after our bags as we arrived early. This is a busy hotel with lots of people coming and going but once you get to the rooms it is very quiet.nthe room and bathroom we're a fantastic size and the beds were very comfortable. We only ate breakfast in the hotel which was very busy - best tip is to get down before 8:00am after that time it is less pleasant atmosphere.  Only negative is that after leaving the hotel early for a day trip and returning back tired at 4:00pm our room had still not been made up. We then had to leave again to allow the maid to clean etc. Great location means your not far from anywhere, as for the wifi - book directly through the Hilton website and wifi…",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
2385,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2390-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,lobby flloor is closed  to  escalator fromPaddington stationi,Stayed here to connect HeathrowExpress and Winsor. castle railway via Slough.. Very convenient location but unable to be early chech in until14:00. Then visited 3hours short trip to Winsor Eaton via Slough before chech-in. Room facility is OK as the have been renewal except one squeaking point near bed.,Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
2386,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2390-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Elegant,"Stayed 3 nights in a terrace suite. Awesome!!  The room was very large, had a separate shower stall and tub/shower. Very clean, soft sheets and feather pillows. The terrace was quite large too. Had patio furniture and lounge chairs. The restaurant and executive lounge were clean, good variety of foods to choose from and the waitstaff pleasant.  The concierge staff were friendly and helpful. ",Date of stay: July 2015,5.0
2387,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2390-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Hilton Paddington,A wonderful hotel full of old charm and impeccable service.  The rooms were clean and tidy and very peaceful.  The staff were really helpful and the breakfast was exceptional.  The location is ideal if you are heading out to the airport.  Would highly recommend this as a place to stay.,Date of stay: July 2015,5.0
2388,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2390-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great Location,Nice way to start a long train journey as the hotel connects directly with Paddington Station. The Bar are was not the best because the Main bar appeared to be closed while I was at the Hotel. The seating in the Bistro(The upholstered bench seating round the edges) is not comfortable and is too low in relation to the tables. I had to swap with my wife a couple of times.,Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
2389,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2390-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Convenient Comfortable,"Enjoyed our stay.  Double deluxe was large room by London Standards.  Well appointed.  The turn down service was by request only and we wouldnt have known had we not asked.  The breakfast in the lounge was superb due to the excellent service provided by May, our lounge 'concierge'.  Very convenient to Heathrow and tube stations.",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
2390,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2395-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,A Very Good Stay,"We booked the Hilton Paddington on line.  We had a very nice, comfortable room in the Tower part of the hotel.  This area of the hotel is very quiet and we were able to have breakfast in the Tower Lounge.  And what a nice breakfast that turned out to be!!  Choices of cereal, yoghurts, fresh fruits, order any type of eggs that you would like, breads and rolls, and Danish.   The hotel is right on a bus line as well as being attached to Paddington Railway Station with the Tube right there.  The other gem about this location is that you can take the Heathrow Express train to/from Heathrow which takes all of 15 minutes.  The train makes one stop for Terminals 2/3 and if you need to go to Terminal 4, you just wait a few short minutes for the next train that takes you to Terminal 4. …",Date of stay: July 2015,5.0
2391,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2395-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Excellent location.,"Having been to London many times, we don't need to stay in the center of the city (where prices are generally higher and quality more variable).  And as we had only a short visit this time, and had to catch an 11am flight out of Heathrow the day we left, this Hilton is in a perfect location - just a few minutes walk to the Heathrow express.  In fact, the morning we left, within 30 minutes of leaving our room, we were at the airport.  The hotel itself is a standard Hilton - good and reliable service.  Rooms are quite large by London standards and reasonable value.  The lobby is fairly small and can get crowded, but this is more than offset by the proximity to the station (not just for Heathrow, but also easy access to the city via the tube).  I got free wifi for booking direct on…",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
2392,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2395-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Not worthy the name nor the reputation ,"We had a printed booking confirmation for 3 nights through our local agent however when we were checking in , the reception clerk told us we had one night ... Oh no , she realized we had 3 seperate 1 day bookings (heah?)  Anyway , she said : "" don't worry , that will not change a thing ""  Well unfortunately, it seems it did : 1. We asked for early check in because I was getting a flu and it was raining outside , she said she will try . She didn't. 2. We were given a room equipped for the disabled . We had to go back to reception , inform the duty manager who changed our room . 3. Next day our room was not cleaned , we had to complain and duty manager sent a note to housekeeping  4. We came back from a long shopping day carrying 10 huge bags up to out room and the key was…",Date of stay: July 2015,1.0
2393,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2395-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Old school hotel,We stayed one night and enjoyed our stay. The front desk was friendly and helpful at check in and the concierge responsive. We had booked for 2 adults and 2 children and had two adjoined rooms allocated. This worked well and was a cost effective option. The rooms were comfortable. We didn't like the old world decor as it felt a bit fusty. The room had a filter coffee machine and I missed the pod coffee provided at many hotels now. We found the Paddington tube opposite the hotel really handy although trains seemed to be very slow on that line and the Heathrow Express leaving from Paddington Station right next to the hotel was super handy for the airport. Nice stay and nothing that would stop us staying again.  ,Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
2394,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2395-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Many extra charges. Good location.,"Very grand building and fantastic location directly across from Paddington Tube station and the Heathrow express at Paddington Station.  Rooms adequate but no bathrobes provided, no toothbrushes etc. Toiletries very basic for a 4 star hotel with just a bar of soap and shampoo provided.  Wifi only available in the lobby and NOT of good quality. Many additional charges such as £14.99 a day for in room wifi and a£5.00 ""tray fee"" in addition to the listed room service prices.  In room dining very mediocre.  Very little available on the in room TV without more additional charges.  Very irritating mini bar where items are charged if they are touched or lifted out not just consumed.  Bed comfortable and staff friendly.  Overall very disappointing though. Better options for the same…",Date of stay: July 2015,2.0
2395,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2400-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Perfect stay to see all the sites London had to offer,"Situated directly opposite Paddington station and close to must see attractions, staying at the Hilton Paddington should be on your list of places to stay.   Rooms are clean, spacious and for someone who carries multiple electronic devices with me, the wall mounted USB charger is absolute gold!   The hotel is a hub for business meetings, events and conferences. So be prepared to see a hustle and bustle of suits occurring during the day.   Staff are friendly, courteous and extremely helpful. I will definitely stay here again and check out the other room types available. ",Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
2396,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2400-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Not a bear in sight,Very spacious clean and tidy rooms excellent customer service and accessibility to station simply perfect. Walking distance to Hyde park and 10 mins by taxi from major shopping areas. Simple gym facilities rooms have free WiFi and the hotel is suitable for many events from business to vacation. Like most London hotels some things can be overpriced but good value for money.,Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
2397,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2400-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great location for Tourists ,"Ideal location for tourists just next to Paddington railway & tube station. Very good reception & travel desk , concierge. Great breakfast , good restaurant. Good luggage room . Small but very good rooms with efficient room service. No view from rooms at all. ",Date of stay: July 2015,5.0
2398,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2400-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Nightmare,"I'm writing this during my second sleepless night above a riotously loud night club that is inside the hotel!!!!  Last night jet lag finally took me to sleep, tonight even an Ambien won't help.  The MOD, Frank, offers me 30% off, says he understand s but it's a private function (sounds EXACTLY like last night).   I don't travel as much as I used to...but the guys that report to me are going to start losing their Hilton Diamond status because I'm sending them someplace else!  I've stayed in many Hiltons, this one is not fit to bear the name. It's only got one star because Trip Advisor forced me to give it.",Date of stay: July 2015,1.0
2399,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2400-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great location,I have stayed at the Hilton Paddington on a number of occasions both for business and leisure. It is very convenient for both the city and access to London Airport. It is comfortable and offers Hilton quality. On this occasion I was upgraded to a Terrace Room which was delightful. Compared to other hotels of similar quality standard in London if was great value for money.,Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
2400,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2405-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Lovely Hotel,"Lovely hotel inside and out. Room was spacious, comfortable and spotless - exactly what i was looking for while on a 2 day business trip earlier this month.   I ordered room service both nights and wasn't disappointed. The special burger menu they were offering that included a beer for 17.95 was particularly tasty. The staff were friendly and helpful, with the lady from room service calling back to make sure i had enjoyed the meal and to check if i needed anything further.   The hotel itself is in a good location right next to Paddington station so very easy to get to. There are lots of shops and restaurants nearby should you wish to explore. All in all a very enjoyable stay!",Date of stay: July 2015,5.0
2401,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2405-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Quality has gone down,"The hotel failed to keep its promise of upgrade, first by claiming that there was no such a promise. When proof was presented to them they accepted their fault but claimed that there was no availability. When again proof was presented to them that there was availability, they said that the upgrade is not possible whereas the previous day on TripAdvisor another customer had mentioned receiving a similar upgrade.",Date of stay: July 2015,2.0
2402,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2405-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Big, good location, and maybe in need of an update?","This Hilton is big. Located above London Paddington station it is well located providing easy access to Heathrow via the Heathrow Express, access to the Tube, and to trains to the West.   It's a short walk (20 minutes) across Hyde Park to Knightsbridge if you prefer that to public transport.   The hotel itself appears big. My room was down a series of corridors and overlooked a central ""atrium"". At least it was quiet. The room was large and the bed was huge.   If you're looking for a hotel that allows you to get to and from Heathrow very easily and great access to public transport this is a good starting point.  ",Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
2403,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2405-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Perfect location for the London Tourist,"We chose this hotel as we could take the Heathrow Express from Heathrow Airport and walk directly to our hotel which is connected to Paddington Station.  From Paddington one can use the Tube to get virtually everywhere around London.  Hotel was clean, lovely, and front desk and concierge were very helpful with maps, tips for travel, etc.  Comfortable beds and pillows and all amenitities needed in room.  Room was quiet; however, don't plan to open the window at night, as the hotel is right near St. Mary's Hospital with incoming ambulance noise.  Lots of fast food and inexpensive eats in Paddington Station and on the blocks nearby.  Breakfast buffet is quite good.  Our room was upgraded so we had free wi-fi in our room and free breakfast daily.",Date of stay: July 2015,5.0
2404,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2405-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Everything we expected.,"Stayed here in late May.  This is the kind of accommodation you expect in London.  First-class service and spotlessly clean.  Premium pricing, but who cares when you are so close to all the transportation needed to visit London.  Spend the extra money!  This is well worth it.",Date of stay: August 2014,5.0
2405,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2410-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Hilton Paddington Family Stay,"Was not thrilled with the hotel.  Rooms were not cleaned well, had to initially change rooms due to puke on the carpet that was overlooked.  New room had a wet spot on the carpet at the entrance to the bathroom.  Lights were activated by room key but did not always work, called for service who was able to squeeze the card holder to get it working, not actually a proper fix so hopefully they go back and replace the defective holder.  Breakfast was not good.  Staff should go visit other Hilton breakfasts for inspiration.  There's no trash receptacle in the lobby, it's uncomfortable.",Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
2406,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2410-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Location, location, location","This hotel sits right on top of Paddington train station and also the underground. There are direct lines to Heathrow airport as well as easy access to most attractions in London with an oyster card. There are plenty of restaurants nearby of variable degrees of quality.  The staff were quite friendly. Free wifi in the lobby. Free gym with 24/7 access. The gym was pretty small with only 2x treadmills, 2x ellipticals, a few other machines and a selection of free weights, but it served its purpose. The rooms are clean and bed is comfortable. Good sleep quality.   Careful with the minibar though, it is automated and has a caution that you will be charged for any items removed, regardless of whether or not they are consumed.",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
2407,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2410-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Perfect location for Heathrow Express,"If you're looking for the perfect hotel to access Heathrow Express, you've found it!  This property is ideally situated with the Paddington station literally out the back door!  What a convenient location!  The rooms are nicely appointed and, in true Hilton fashion, the bed linens were comfortable and the room ambiance was excellent.   Consider this hotel for convenience and for luxury!  The breakfast in the Executive Lounge was a little bit sparse but nonetheless very good.",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
2408,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2410-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Good hotel, watch the minibar! ","Stayed here for a few days.  Great location by Paddington station.  Friendly, helpful staff. Room good size and quiet.  Comfy bed.  No wifi in room though.  Come on Hilton! At these prices.  Also watch minibar. Take something out to make space for your own stuff and it's considered purchased! ",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
2409,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2410-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Relaxing weekend,"Great hotel for proximity to train station and Heathrow if travelling to and from on Heathrow Express. Rooms large (we had an upgrade to one of the Junior suites) and beds very comfortable, although as a  suite it had only a  dining table with 4 chairs and not a sofa to relax in. Also we had chosen this for a romantic weekend and requested a separate tub and shower, which we got but unfortunately the tub was no bigger than one with shower over (which it also had). The use of the Executive lounge was great especially as our room was not ready and we had a quieter area to sit and wait, have drinks and free snacks and just watch the hustle and bustle in Paddington station. Mini bar could have done with being cold though...despite being on, the drinks were room temperature. As close…",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
2410,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2415-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Very good stay in London,"The hotel is conveniently located in Paddington Station and close to the tube station, very good room and a excellent breakfast. The room is quite and clean. The neighborhood is good and safe, with options of restaurants and pubs around.",Date of stay: July 2015,5.0
2411,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2415-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Large, comfy rooms","We stayed at this hotel our last night before heading back to the states.  The rooms were very large and the beds were the most comfortable we stayed in during our two weeks touring England and Ireland.  We had to purchase two rooms since we are a family of five and they didn't provide roll away beds.  It was ridiculous as the double family room had more than enough room for a roll away bed.   The Hilton Paddington was so convenient for us.  We dropped our rental car off at Heathrow and took the Heathrow Express directly to the hotel.  While the hotel was convenient and very comfortable, I had some concerns about security.  Given the hotel is attached to a busy train station I was very surprised that you didn't need a hotel key to go up to the guest rooms.  Also, I found the…",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
2412,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2415-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Always a pleasure to stay here though rates can be a pain,"The Hilton at London, Paddington is, simply, a great hotel.  The rooms are spacious and tastefully decorated in a classic building.  The staff are universally wonderful, the food is excellent, and the atmosphere is one to which I love to return time and time again.    My one frustration is the pricing system.  I frequently end up booking a different hotel and cancelling my reservation with the other hotel when the Hilton Paddington rates fall on the day before my intended stay to something within my company's policy allowance.   A fairer approach to offering good value rooms would make all the difference.",Date of stay: July 2015,5.0
2413,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2415-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,At the Center of Everything,"We stayed in a Queen Suite. Very comfortable bed but smallish sitting area. The bathroom was spacious but the tub/shower had a high step-over. It might be a bit for older travelers to step over. The number of TV channels, transmitting in Engish, was limited to about 6 or 7. Reception was not consistent, even room to room (there was a TV in the sitting area and bed room). We had access to the Executive Lounge. There was a nice selections of breakfast foods in the morning, with snacks and other goodies throughout the day. A decent selection of COLD soft drinks and water. Wine was available in the evenings. This hotel is a part of Paddington Station (trains, busses, and subway/tube/underground). Along with that is access to many eateries under a roof and climate controlled. Very…",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
2414,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2415-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,excellent location,"The Hilton Paddington was a great hotel, lovely staff but the location was the best, being situated by Paddington train station made travelling around London so much easier.  Only downside was the street noise that could be heard, mostly ambulances going to St Mary's.  Would recommend this hotel for both business and pleasure.",Date of stay: July 2015,5.0
2415,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2420-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Convenient and Comfortable,"Although a bit more costly for a room than other hotels, the convenience and link to Healthrow Express, trains and tube outweigh the time/effort/money you'd spend staying elsewhere - (especially if you are in transit and staying 1-2 nights).  Breakfast is wonderful and can hold you to dinner - great variety and quality.",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
2416,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2420-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Not a friendly policy,Our travel agent booked two rooms in error one hour before we arrived at the hotel. When we checked in we asked the hotel to cancel one of the rooms. They refused and talked about their policy of no cancellations within 24 hours. Then we were given the an occupied room. And in the morning there was only cold water in the shower and that was it. The hotel really needs to be renovated as it has an eightees feel. The only good thing is the location as it is close to Paddingtin and the train to Gatwick. I will never stay there again and I will never stay at any Hilton Hotel.,Date of stay: June 2015,1.0
2417,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2420-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Upgraded to excellence,"Arrived at the hotel and, for no known reason, we were upgraded to a Tower room. Sheer luxury and with access to an executive lounge with free drinks and snacks. All so handy for the station yet totally peaceful. Dinner was slightly disappointing in that the restaurant was chilly and the ambience similarly cool, as in a bistro rather than a classy hotel restaurant, but the food was fine and the waiters friendly and attentive. Breakfast was great. We will return!",Date of stay: June 2015,5.0
2418,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2420-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Convenient location ,"Right next to paddington station, so very easy to get to from heathrow. A quick hop on the tube and you're in central London. Lobby wasn't looking too promising, but the room we had was nicely refurbished. Staff we encountered were friendly and recognized my hilton status.  ",Date of stay: October 2014,4.0
2419,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2420-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great location and service,Great overall quality and can not beat the location if you will be using Paddington Station and going to or from Heathrow.  Staff were very helpful.  Condition and size of room were excellent.  Will use again.,Date of stay: July 2015,5.0
2420,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2425-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Good location for travels to the West and Heathrow,"If you like Hilton properties and convenience this Hilton is well situated for travel to the West and Heathrow.  Being part of the Paddington Station complex it makes train travel very accessible.  There are several restaurants in the area and it is a short walk to Kensington Gardens.  If you made this your base of operation for a London visit it has good accessibility to the London Underground.  They had a very good breakfast associated with my room charge.  The room was a little warm and the air conditioning did not cool off the the room to a comfortable sleeping temperature for me.  However, I was staying here for convenience.  ",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
2421,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2425-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,convenient location vs sketchy area,"stayed just one night prior to flight the next day. chose this hotel only due to access to Heathrow Express train. The lobby has a lot of questionable people that pass through due to direct access to train/tube and was approached in lobby by a strange man. as a single traveler  it was unsettling.  a pot of tea in the lobby over 5 pounds!!! the room had tired decor, the bathroom appeared to be newly remodeled. the mattress felt like it had divots in it. having just come from a much nicer hotel in Sloane Square, this was very disappointing. would not recommend or stay here again.",Date of stay: July 2015,2.0
2422,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2425-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Gold hh member ,"Arrived yesterday no recognition of being a gold member, no benefits offered. Room was both dirty and dusty with dusty lamps, bathroom not overly clean with hair and scum marks on the bath. I skipped breakfast and went out, today industrial size trolleys in the corridors with bed linen not the best look for a four star hotel. ",Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
2423,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2425-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Staying at Paddington Hilton,The location in London is terrific and the hotel is staff is helpful. There are many choices of restaurants nearby and easy access to public transportation. it is a nice walk to the park. And there is a stop nearby for the on-off tour bus.,Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
2424,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2425-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Got nothing correct first time,"Arrived at 11pm, had to queue for 30 minutes to get our reservation. Incorrect room, double instead of twin. Got back to reception (where the queue had doubled in length) but managed to catch the duty manager (who was already dealing with 2 people who had the wrong room types as well). I was lucky, I swapped rooms with a family who had been given a twin instead of a family room so I only had to wait another 30 mins to get to bed. I've stayed in Hiltons for my last 2 weekends away in Manchester and London recently. They have forgotten their heritage and are now too focused on churning as many people in and out their doors. Also £22 for a buffet breakfast?!?!",Date of stay: June 2015,1.0
2425,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2430-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Conveniently located and efficient processes,"I stayed here last week for a business trip and chose it because it was directly over top of Paddington station and I needed to take an early flight the next morning to return home.  You don't even have to leave Paddington station to get into the hotel - Plus there is a Starbucks on the walkway between the 2!  They gave me access to my room very early in the morning (10 am) so I was able to drop off my luggage and unpack before I headed into the office.  The room was quite clean and well appointed - better than other Hilton hotels in London. The next morning, check out was very efficient: within 10 minutes of leaving my room, I had my receipt, starbucks and was on the Heathrow express.  I'll definitely stay there again!",Date of stay: July 2015,5.0
2426,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2430-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,convenience of location trumps price,as usual excellent room and conditions - so convenient for Heathrow and intra London transport via tube. only negative is the price - 440 $ but guess its a busy Thursday in London so hotel rates at peak?,Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
2427,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2430-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,central for train services.,"Had a lovely stay would recommend  price reasonable,near to Paddington station, taxi outside to take you into central London. hotel clean and staff very helpful, would definitely go back. executive lounge is worth the extra money.",Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
2428,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2430-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Perfect hotel,"Stayed here for a city break weekend. Brilliant hotel - excellent access to London, got the train in so was able to store luggage once we had checked out and awaiting train home. Perfect to get tube around London! Staff at hotel very helpful, gave us maps and good restaurant recommendations.   We were kindly upgraded to a Queen Suite as it was a birthday celebration - room was literally amazing. Big room, separate living room and study. Large bathroom which was beautifully presented.   No doubt will be making this my hotel of choice for future London trips.",Date of stay: October 2014,5.0
2429,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2430-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Tower Rooms are Incredible,"Not your typical European hotel experience. Huge room, so spacious and luxurious. Bathroom was amazing. So quiet and comfortable. Executive Lounge was such a treat. Champagne and food at Happy Hour. Great location directly across from Paddington Station.",Date of stay: July 2015,5.0
2430,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2435-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Typical Hilton,"A bit outdated typical European Hilton. it is not bad...but it is not super either. I am a gold member, so get upgreated. Lounge is fine, however sometimes very crowdy with children running around. Location is very convenient as across from my company. The hotel is located at Paddington train station and the lobby is always crowded with people taking a short cut through the Hilton to get their train?!",Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
2431,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2435-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Location rules,"Probably the best location in town if coming and going through Heathrow. So easy access directly from Heathrow express and as a hotel, a Hilton hotel meeting the standards. Not exciting new design elements or fancy interior but works as promises and service is good. Breakfast good and usually included to the room price.",Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
2432,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2435-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great location,"If you want a very good hotel with terrific access to all of London, the Paddington Hilton delivers at a reasonable (for London) price.  Having the Heathrow Express arriving there and 3 Tube lines to get you wherever you want to go it London is a great advantage.  I stayed in the Tower and in the main part of the hotel on two occasions and the rooms were very well appointed and very clean.",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
2433,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2435-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Convenient location, beautiful tower room","We stayed for a week-end in one of the tower rooms, which I believe belong to the newest part of the building (you need the room key card to access the tower corridor). The room was spacious, very nice, big bathroom, and well cleaned. It really met our expectations for a Hilton. We also had access to the breakfast lounge that is reserved for tower rooms guests. The lounge is very nicely decorated and the breakfast buffet offered a good choice.  The location for us was a big plus, as we travelled from and to Heathrow, the hotel has a direct access to Paddington station. Will definitely stay here again.",Date of stay: April 2015,4.0
2434,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2435-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great Location,Nice old railroad hotel. It has been nicely restored and the amenities are very good. It is very convenient to Heathrow and to London city and the express train service makes the commute very simple.  It is a short walk to Hyde park and the Underground is available just outside the hotel front door. You couldn't ask for better accessibility to the city.,Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
2435,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2440-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Just a typical mid priced train station hotel that needs renovation,"We were very disappointed with this hotel.  Yes, this hotel is in a very convenient location for us since we were taking the Heathrow Express early in the morning, but otherwise I would never recommend it.  As I was traveling with a Hilton Diamond member I expected better service.  We gave the hotel advance hotel that we would be arriving around 11:00 am from the states.  When we arrived we were very rudely told by front desk personnel that check in time was 3 pm and that we would have to wait 3-4 hours for a room but that we could go to the lounge until then.  Fortunately, the receptionist in the lounge was more pleasant and willing to try to help.  She called housekeeping a number of times and finally we were given a room around 1 pm.  The hotel was not full the night before…",Date of stay: July 2015,2.0
2436,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2440-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Good but not great stay.,"My wife and I stayed at this hotel for 2 nights In July and overall had a good time but it was a slightly disappointing visit to this hotel. This Hilton London Paddington is next to Paddington rail station with excellent access to the tube station. We arrived several hours before our check-in time and did the check-in paperwork and left our bags to go off shopping in Oxford Street. Upon our return we just picked up our room keys and went straight to our room. I had paid for us to stay in a GWR tower room and the room was fabulous; Nice king size bed, walk in wardrobe / storage area, desk and chair and a well-appointed bathroom with walk –in rainfall shower and separate bath and toilet. Flat panel TV. There is tea and coffee in your room, but the tower rooms come with access to…",Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
2437,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2440-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,A little bit of elegance,"Enjoyed the facilities, high teas were delicious.  The train station and tube being next to the hotel is the real deal winner as it's just so convenient .  Our room was clean, well maintained so action send the hotel staff are polite and friendly ",Date of stay: July 2015,5.0
2438,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2440-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Convenience supreme!!,a fantastic time saver for travelers being right at Paddington it's a hop away from Heathrow. Decent bar and delightfully a make to order omelette that has become a rare sight in international destinations.   A very good sound proofing ensures peace amidst hustle bustle in heart of London.,Date of stay: July 2015,5.0
2439,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2440-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Hotel Stay Business,"Was upgraded to Tower room and this had a Study, Bedroom and on suite with two flat screens, desks chairs and a two seater. Very clean and service was first class , the bed was great and decor very modern.   Great nights sleep and breakfast was nice, easy check In and Out with no problems.",Date of stay: May 2015,5.0
2440,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2445-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Great Location, Great Hotel",This is the most convenient hotel for people arriving or departing Heathrow Airport.  The train in is convenient (long walk though) and when you arrive at Paddington in 15 minutes you're at the hotel.  It is an excellent hotel with good staff and good service.  The Tower Rooms are exceptionally nice.,Date of stay: July 2015,5.0
2441,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2445-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Good location for trains,Steps away from Paddington station makes it a great location. Rooms are nice and clean. Beds are comfortable. There was no noise in our room ins spite of being in a busy street. My only complaint is no free Wifi.,Date of stay: June 2015,5.0
2442,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2445-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Real name - Great Western Royal Hotel (Hilton) Paddington,"Why the Hilton could not have incorporated the original name of this magnificent hotel building when they took it over at the beginning of the century is beyond me. No respect for heritage, I wonder why?  In the 1960s as a young constable I walked the beat around the Paddington area and always admired the wonderful frontage and the fact that the building, opened in 1854, adjoins the head of the terminal platforms of the superb Paddington Station, designed by the legendary Isambard Kingdom Brunel and built over 150 years ago.  Until last week I had never stayed in a Hilton Hotel and my introduction to actually booking a room in person was dreadful. In short I was fobbed off by a receptionist who told me that if I booked on line I could have a special deal. I discovered that was…",Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
2443,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2445-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel & easy access to Heathrow,"This was a very nice hotel with easy access to Heathrow airport and other destinations in London. The concierge team was extremely helpful. The hotel offered many amenities; however be sure you have a converter to accommodate US electronics, etc.",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
2444,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2445-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Perfect Location, Firm Mattresses","I was only here for a night before leaving the next day, but the location of this hotel can't be beat.  It's a 20 minute trip to Heathrow from here and you can get from the hotel to the airport without even having to go outside.  At the same time, you're in the middle of the city and right on top of the Paddington tube station.  The room I was in was in great condition with updated bathrooms and large room, especially by London standards.  My only criticisms are that (1) the mattress in the room was very firm, which for some might be a plus but it wasn't too comfortable for me, and (2) the executive lounge only offered wine and cocktails from 6pm - 8pm, which is pretty limited.  I will definitely be staying here again if I'm in for a short stay.  It may be slightly more…",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
2445,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2450-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Amazing Hotel at an amazing Location.....,"I was here for a business meet and boy, this is ideal for a business travel. Take the Heathrow Express to Paddington and get out of the station you are at the station..... no taxi, no wait time etc. Hotel was good to the Hilton standards..... No complaints.  Step outside the hotel, you are at Paddington, one of the most tourist filled areas - you get everything around the hotel.  Great location as well.  Good fast check-in, no issues at check out... good service... no complaints.... highlight is that I check-out... walk to the station behind the hotel, Heathrow express... twenty min at Terminal 5 Heathrow !!!! 30 - 35 min door to door from hotel to airport in London... can't complain !!!!",Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
2446,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2450-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,OK for an overnight stop and train connections,"Expensive due to location but , for the price, not a special place. Incredibly busy with people coming off the trains for coffee, breakfasts etc Rooms fine but nothing special but could have done with glasses in the bathroom for teeth cleaning. Would have been nice to have a few more biscuits. WiFi included and good. Reception very cooperative",Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
2447,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2450-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Good Value and Location,"The Paddington neighborhood has a lot of hotels. Many of them are old and offer little services. So, Hilton is a good choice if you get a good rate. I got 139 pounds from internet and the same price at the counter. Internet is not free unless you become a member of HHonours, the fidelity program of Hilton group. So, enroll at check in, and make sure you log in to free Wifi not paid one!",Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
2448,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2450-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great for a quick stop!,Came to Paddington to catch a train to go to Thatcham and visit my family and the line to buy the train ticket was a joke! so decided to stop by the bar at the Hilton hotel and it was the best decision ever as I could charge my phone and do some work while having a nice glass of wine. The waitress are really nice and friendly and Lee specially made my day as she was very attentive and nice. So I managed to kill an hour of my time in a relaxing environment rather than queuing after a long day of work. Thanks Hilton and Lee! :),Date of stay: July 2015,5.0
2449,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2450-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Is this hotel real!!,Do not stay at this hotel! Bar closed at midnight! Central London ... Amazing. Clearly it is a poor franchise of Hilton Group? Also on the Hottest day of the year at circa 30•C ... and that's the 'bedroom' temperature at Midnight there is no air conditioning - early evening when speaking to reception we were greeted by a laugh and not even an apology. Be warned and choose somewhere else!,Date of stay: July 2015,2.0
2450,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2455-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Very good,"Managed to check in at 11.30 in the morning, which was absolutely what we needed (although there was literally only one room available so I definitely wouldn't count on being able to check in this early any time in the future).  The room was great and the hotel looks great. We only stayed there for one night and we didn't have breakfast or use the executive lounge or anything like that - so there were no flaws in our stay at all, but because we didn't really have a 'full' experience I don't think we can give it 5/5; to emphasise the point though it only loses that star because we don't feel qualified to comment completely rather than because we found any problem.",Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
2451,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2455-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Acceptable - nothing more,"I stayed at the hotel earlier this month on business. Its location is very convenient - siutated above Paddington Underground and the Heathrow Express. The rooms were clean - no complaints. The wi fi struggled. The hotel served its purpose, but I would not rush back",Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
2452,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2455-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Great location, great location, great service",Can't beat the location!!! Get the Heathrow express and the tube from the lobby of the hotel. It is so easy and convenient - this was especially important as we had luggage from 10 day trip and needed a day before heading to Athens on business.  Super helpful concierge. Got us tickets to Billy Elliott for same night that were great and priced ok.  Room was great for me and teenage son. Supplied power when mine broke.  Would definitely stay again. ,Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
2453,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2455-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,good--not great,"My husband and I stay at Hiltons almost exclusively when we travel. Our recent adventure took us to mostly rural England and we stayed the last 2 nights at the Hilton Paddington. When we checked in, Mathias--the only standout of all of the people that we `had any dealings with was helpful, kind and had a genuine smile.  Since we are gold members, he upgraded us to a better room, and it was a nice, and very clean king room.  The hotel is very nice, great location right in the paddington train station, so if you take the Heathrow Express, it is less than 5 minutes to be in the hotel without even going outside.  This is especially helpful when you have an early flight from Heathrow.  The biggest drawback that I can see is the staff.  They are perfunctory at best.  The ladies at the…",Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
2454,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2455-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Don't be fooled by the name Hilton!,"My parter and I stayed here for 5 nights after our very long haul flight from Australia. When we arrived there was no doorman and not even an offer of assistance with our luggage. We were greeted by a view of a grey painted brick wall described as a courtyard, we asked if there was another room with a view to which we were informed that we had the quiet room, the other view options were a noisy train station or a noisy delivery entry- we looked at the train station view but it had a smaller bed than the one we had paid for. Breakfast is nothing spectacular, and the toilet paper in the rooms is of a disgracefully low quality, I've been to truck stops with better. For the outrageous amount of money I paid I'm extremely disappointed. The only saving grace is the tube across the…",Date of stay: June 2015,2.0
2455,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2460-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,OK for a night or two...,"Stayed here a couple of times. Good location near Hyde Park if you are a runner. Executive lounge is good. A good buffet in the morning for breakfast, and the rooms that I typically get are large with high ceilings. Nice staff, good location, and if you're only in town for a night it's a go!",Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
2456,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2460-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Four and half experience!,"This hotel has a handy location for London business traveler. Arrive at LHR in the morning and in less than 30 minutes being able to check-in, get refreshed, and get into business. Early check-in:s around 10 AM have never been a problem for a Diamond guest - special thanks for that! Persons occupying the desk by the exec. lounge have consistently been very friendly.  Rooms are of huge variety, for me mostly hits, very seldom misses. Art deco -style is appealing and well kept throughout the hotel. Some of the rooms facing Praed street can be noisy. And some rooms do not have nice views. But reception will pay attention to these details, if needed.  Room service prices and minibar prices are in the higher range. Exec. lounge and especially GWR-lounge can be used to overcome that…",Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
2457,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2460-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Fantastic location, fabulous new GWR Tower rooms","This was a dream come true for me. After arriving from the long haul flight from shanghai, we caught the Heathrow express into london Paddington, and pulled out suitcases along the platform, into a lift and walked straight into the hotel. We stayed in a beautiful room in the new GWR tower section, where the Art Deco theme has been done to a level that would make Brunel proud. Beautiful details such as lift signs, carpet imprints etc really make this a special place to stay. One criticism is you have to go up a special lift and then weave through the old second floor to get to another set of lifts for rooms and the club floor. Don't worry, you can manage it. Room and bathroom were excellent and of course since it opened in January, everything was spotless and in excellent working…",Date of stay: June 2015,5.0
2458,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2460-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,afternoon tea,"Excellent afternoon tea for a very reasonable price. Nice selection of sandwiches and cakes, all very delicious. And an extra mention schould go to our very friendly waiter Ettore! We will be coming back nest Bear!",Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
2459,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2460-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,The Secret is in the Tower,"Right on top of Paddington Station this is a great spot, but I have not been hugely impressed in the past - busy, and getting a bit tired, even if good value for money.  But the newly renovated Tower rooms are game changers. Apart from an oddly routed access to the Tower, when you get there its worth the effort.  The rooms are really well done, for a four star hotel they are exceptional, and with a ""lounge"" with evening drinks and free breakfast in the morning, this is the busy executives haven.  I had a very sensible weekend rate which knocked other similarly rated hotels in the area for six.",Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
2460,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2465-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Excellent location and comfort,"I spent two nights at this hotel last month. Apart from stating the obvious (central and convinient location), the hotel itself is actually quite nice after the renovations / upgrade they have done.  I  stayed in one of the new GWR tower rooms  which feel very modern and are maintained very well. The rooms are spacious and are easily larger when compared to most central London hotels  Staff was very friendly and helpful. The steam bar isn't as busy as it used to be in the past although it is an ideal venue to socialise.   I had one meal at the the hotel and found the food lacking; given that there are hundreds of multi cuisine restaurants in and around the Paddington area, I chose to eat out.  Staff was very friendly and helpful.  Overall, an excellent place to spend a couple of…",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
2461,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2465-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Weekend trip,"We booked this hotel last minute having been let down by another hotel. The rooms are large, clean and well stocked. The breakfast was amazing with my kids going up for seconds (note kids eat free!). Also, the staff at reception and concierge were extremely friendly.  The only downside is that sometimes you need to queue as reception can get busy.",Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
2462,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2465-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Nice location,"Good hotel with high standards in a great central location.  Stayed there overnight and have only good to say about this hotel. It's perfectly located adjacent to Paddington station which makes it a good base both for coming in and travelling out of London. Rooms where very clean with high standards though a bit noisy depending on where your rooms windows are heading, that I take as a trade off for the central location though.  ",Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
2463,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2465-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"fabulous! Great rooms, welcoming staff and good food at a fab price too","Found the best price booking through Hilton online.  Luckily I saw the tab for offers available when booking the room, and for an extra £3 we had 24 hrs free internet and inclusive breakfast!  The room is art deck style, but very modern and comfortable. The location was ideal - right next to Paddington station. The underground was a fast, cheap way to sightsee then having the hotel next to the station after a trip out was great!  Highly recommended for all travellers.",Date of stay: June 2015,5.0
2464,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2465-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,GWR Tower - A New Standard,"The new GWR Tower rooms (in a separate wing) are very nicely finished with a gorgeous bathroom thats very well finished with a lovely deep bath & separate shower & WC. One odd thing is the bathroom has VERY bright lights that are either full-on or full-off - no middle ground. Try relaxing in a bath in the evening in that glare!   Perhaps overall I expected the bedroom to be little bigger but again its beautifully finished. Super-quiet too.   Not a peep of noise in the room, so wonderfully sound-proofed.   The Tower lounge is nicely done - high table & regular cafe-style seating at the FB end of the lounge & the more comfy seating at the far end. Afternoon tea was OK - 3 sandwich choices & a fruit tart, plus cookies etc.   We arrived late for evening drinks & for the last 1/2…",Date of stay: June 2015,5.0
2465,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2470-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Convenient location for traveling to the airport,The room was big and clean. We stayed in the hotel the 2 last nights of our trip for the convenience of having the Heathrow express train station. The hotel has an entrance form the station and two stores are conveniently available to buy snacks. The access to the tube may be crowed and temporary closed at the morning at pick times. The trip to the main attractions (Westminster) using the tube takes longer compered to staying at the east side of the city.,Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
2466,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2470-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Hilton Paddington,"Arriving at Heathrow after an over night flight, just to take the Heathrow Express to Paddington Station.  Check into the Paddington Hilton and have a very good breakfast, really is a great start for any trip to the UK/",Date of stay: June 2015,5.0
2467,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2470-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great Location,"The location of this place is the main selling point, so easy to get off the Heathrow express at Paddington and walk right up to the hotel. The bathroom however wasn't great, not totally clean and poor shower pressure. Otherwise comfy beds and of course the great location makes it worth staying at.",Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
2468,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2470-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Hotel with Fantastic Transportation Connections,Arrival at this hotel is available direct from Heathrow Airport via the Heathrow Express train. This runs every 15 mins. and takes aprx. 20 to reach Paddington non-stop. Arrival and check-in was fast and efficient. We were upgraded to a larger room facing the street in front of the hotel. Spacious with an office / desk area separate from the bedroom we were impressed with the accommodations. Included TV stations provided BBC content for free. The mini bar provides a small personal refrigerated space for convenience. Paddington Station provides several dining options as well as breakfast/coffee spots and two markets. An additional quick shop is across the street. Highly recommend this location due to convenience for arrival/departure from Heathrow as well as trains for day trips…,Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
2469,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2470-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,We will be back!!,"After a 7 day cruise, our family of 4 had a 24-hour layover in London.  We decided to stay at this particular hotel because of the easy access to the Heathrow Express.  We stayed on the 'specialty' floor with access to the executive lounge.  This included breakfast, light lunch and a very nice happy hour with finger foods.  It may have only been 24 hours but it made us realize this is the place we want to come back and stay, it was beyond our expectations.  When you factor in breakfast, light lunch with beverages, and happy hour with finger foods for four persons, this hotel provides a nice bang for your buck.",Date of stay: June 2015,5.0
2470,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2475-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Excellent,"This hotel is a excellent location , very central with excellent transport hub, hotel was lovely, staff where great,would definitely use again, also very easy to get to from Heathrow Airport on the Heathrow express",Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
2471,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2475-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,BIG BUCKS FOR A BIG TOWN,"Price of the the room was very high.  Just a week before it was half the price.  Why?   There was a tennis match in the city, and also Mrs. Obama was visiting the city also. I had to use this hotel, because of train schedule, Heathrow Express. The hotel lobby was very crowded, prices in the restaurant were very high.",Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
2472,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2475-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Nice Hotel, Good Service, minor glitches","Stayed here for 3 nights. Had booked a basic room, but was upgraded to the Great Western Brunel Suite upon checkin, which to the say the least was an amazing room, the best I have ever stayed in. 2 Floors and a huge private balcony.   Very well Connected Hotel, with Underground Metro right opposite and the National Rail right underneath.  2 minor issues I faced though:  1. Internet Connection would drop every time you leave the room and enter the corridors. It was quite frustrating.   2. The Hotel had just one person serving the entire Hotel for In-room dining service at about 6.30-7 am in the mornings. Quite unusual I thought. As a result, your morning tea/coffee would take about 30 mins to reach you. Not expected of a 5 star Hotel.  All in all, a good experience.",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
2473,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2475-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,It is quite hotel and Comfortable,"It is quite hotel and Comfortable also it is Cleanliness and the size for room is excellent and good Furniture also the location for the hotel at the center of london  and it is nice hotel, hilton london paddington is excellent and i recocommended for every one.",Date of stay: June 2015,5.0
2474,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2475-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Top Location Hotel,"Positives: location, clean, good room size, easy access to Paddington train station to use Heathrow Express Train ( only 15 min from/ to Heatgrow Airport)  Negatives: Eventhough I used the online check in to speed my check in so I reached hotel about 3:15 pm ( check in time) but room was not ready it took them 2 hours to prepare it. Hopefuly next visit they avoid this delay.",Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
2475,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2480-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Certainly convenient - restful - excellent location,"We flew into London Heathrow and took the Heathrow Express to Paddington Station.  Then up the escalator to the Hilton.  After a 9.5 hour flight, we were ready for our room.  They told us that check in was at 3 pm -- and when we got there at 3 pm on the dot, they said that rooms might not be ready.  I insisted on standing there until they were - -and lo and behold - the room became available.  That was the only problem.  The rooms are large (for London).  The best thing about the hotel is the location.  To catch a train out of Paddington is simple.  And the neighborhood is loaded with excellent pubs and ethnic restaurants.  The Big Bus (tour bus) stops one block away, and there is a Barclay's Bank one block away.  Convenient and comfortable.",Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
2476,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2480-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Hilton London Paddington,"Visited the Hilton London Paddington this morning for breakfast at the Lounge.  A nice hotel, strategically located on Praed Street in Paddington, it has an elegant, if somewhat busy lounge. A favourite for many travellers because of its proximity to the Heathrow Express Paddington train.  The staff at the Lounge were lacking a little bit in sophistication and professionalism - interrupting our discussion and pressuring us to order even before we had time to look at the menu. Absurd.  The breakfast was fine though - scrambled eggs, salmon, toast, orange juice & mint tea.  All in all a good experience howbeit somewhat marred the waiter.",Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
2477,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2480-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great hotel,"Stayed here for a long weekend in November - location was brilliant just at the tube station so could be anywhere within central London in 20 minutes or so.  Lobby is gorgeous although the steam bar had been booked for a private party the saturday night we were there which was disappointing - staff very helpful and room, bed etc great",Date of stay: November 2014,4.0
2478,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2480-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Ask for an internal room,"My daughter and I stayed here through the week and whilst we had no complaints about the comfort of the bed, the water and warmth of the shower, the qualities and quantity of the toiletries, room size, etc., we found the construction noise interrupted our sleep.  Everything else about the Hilton was great.  Great location, Paddington station and underground are just below the Hilton.  Luckily, we spoke to the reception manager who understood our problem and was more than accommodating in helping us resolve our problem.  I would suggest that you book an inside room and, if you have any problems take them up directly with the wonderful Rashit, who manages the reception.  ",Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
2479,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2480-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"It's all about great location with this hotel, but the service is also good.","We stayed at the Hilton London Paddington for 5 nights and we had a train station facing room.  We travelled as 2 adults and 2 children under age 3.  We live in Germany and it was refreshing to not be looked down on for having our kids with us everywhere we go.  So thank you Britain.  First off, we landed at Heathrow and took the Heathrow Express direct from Terminal 2 to Paddington Station, 15 minutes, no stops, perfect setup for us lugging kids and luggage through all of creation.  That alone made our hotel selection worthwhile.  It is a little pricey at 22 pounds per adult.  From the moment we checked in the staff was eager to help out wherever they could.  The bell desk/concierge helped us out planning and even anticipated that we might need a few things that I hadn't…",Date of stay: June 2015,5.0
2480,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2485-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Needs to do better,"I stayed with my wife and one child for 2 nights.  The room was a double that had a fold out bed for the third person.  The bed was comfy and the curtains very dark keeping out morning light.  The room was large enough and well appointed but way too hot.  The windows only opened an inch or so and the aircon was doing little.  I phoned reception who said they would send up and engineer.  The 'engineer' arrived, turned the dial from coolest to medium, said 'OK' and walked out!  I sent for a fan, that came and had a switch missing to stop it sweeping and stay fixed.  I asked for a second fan and this again came without the switch.  Breakfast on Saturday morning was poor.  The buffet wasn't warm enough and the food had been left out way too long, leaving it too dry.  Staff also took…",Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
2481,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2485-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,New tower is very nice,This is an update on a previous review before the new tower was opened. The hotel is as many have said very convenient for those connecting to Heathrow given it is connected to Paddington station. The original hotel building has a long history and opened as one of London's finest. In the main hotel the rooms vary  a lot from very small to roomy suites but this is about the new tower. I don't know if all the rooms are the same but the one I had was very cleverly designed and very smartly fitted out. Hilton's tend to have so so bathrooms but not this one it has both a good size tub and separate shower. It is among the roomiest and most pleasant bathroom I have experienced in a London hotel. The room has good seating with a two seater at the end of the bed and a separate armchair…,Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
2482,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2485-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Worst hotel experience in a while...,"One of the worst places I've visited in a while - and very expensive.  This hotel hasn't evolved it's design in over 20 years, but there is nothing classy or belle epoque about what is left.  Avoid a room on the front at all costs, the double glazing does nothing for the constant noise of traffic, fire trucks and police along the street.  I'm not completely sure about the cleanliness of the place either - but let's hope this was an off day for an old spot.",Date of stay: May 2015,1.0
2483,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2485-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Noisy room, terribly slow internet.","I was assigned a room on the third floor and was not aware that there was a night club with a live band downstairs. On the nights of the weekend, the noise was terribly loud, disturbing and disruptive. I phoned guest relations to make a complaint, thinking that it might have been a neighbour playing loud music in a nearby room. She did not care to mention about the nightclub, and I only found out myself later that the noise was coming from the nightclub's band. I believe the hotel stuff is aware of such an issue for a while, but never acknowledged that the band might be causing a noise problem. Furthermore, although she said she would send someone to check the source of the noise, she never called back to give a reply and obviously the loud music did not subside through the…",Date of stay: June 2015,2.0
2484,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2485-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,GREAT LOCATION,"My wife and I enjoyed our recent weekend stay at this lovely hotel. To step off the train and walk straight into reception was an amazing bonus and we thought our room on the 4th floor was great. No noise problems at all and really comfortable bed. The room always a bit hot and stuffy, despite the outside temperature being no higher than 20, so perhaps some upgrading of the air conditioning is required. Perfect location for seeing the sights and we would definitely return,",Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
2485,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2490-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Caution about GWR Tower,"Although the room was nice (though the ac/heating is loud), the hotel completely misrepresents the GWR services. It is not possible to check in or out of at the GWR lounge, despite being advertised on the website, and being so informed by hotel staff. In fact one cannot get to the bloody lounge to check in, unless you have already checked in because the lift only works with a key!!! Go figure.  The hotel provides zero guidance on how the find the GWR wing. There are no helpful signs.  The most visible one -- a huge banner next to the lift informs guests that the GWR lounge is on the 7th floor.  Naturally, one takes the adjacent lift, then wanders in vain searching a floor that is not connected to the GWR wing.  Back down the lift, told by reception to go up the floor 2. Then…",Date of stay: June 2015,1.0
2486,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2490-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Good Place,"This is a fine hotel with a peerless location, literally ten steps from the Paddington Underground station (across the street from the main entrance of the hotel) and even closer to the Paddington Railway station, which in fact has an entrance to the hotel one flight off the main floor of the railway platform. The people at this hotel care about making their guests happy, so this is my second stay with them. It will not be my last!",Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
2487,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2490-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great Location. Hotel fine but not great.,"You can't ask for a better location for a hotel and that's a huge plus, but the room was nothing to write home about. Fine, but nothing special. The beds were comfortable. We were 3 people in the one room and literally EVERY morning when we went to breakfast (which was included in our room) they said we were only registered for 2 guests and the manager would then apologize and say it will be changed in the system. It never was, and when we checked out the bill showed a charge for the 3rd breakfast. They immediately rectified it for me when I told them but it was a bit frustrating. Overall though it was a good enough hotel and met our purpose to see the sites of London very well.",Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
2488,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2490-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Best location,"Hotel booked because friends living nearby and recommended The hotel. Airport Express ends at Paddington Station. My experience very good. Entrance from Paddington Station which however should be marked better. As a first timer I walked around the building. Room ok but should have reading lights as generally a bit dark. All amenities standard. Surprise staff very friendly. Normally I am disappointed about the staff attitude in England. Here the porters, waiters and reception were friendly and helpful.  I will stay again in future for short stays in this hotel. ",Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
2489,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2490-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Below expectations for a Premium Hotel,"The hotel is in a very convenient location with a Tube station below the hotel and it is especially convenient if you are planning to take advantage of the Heathrow Express which is just down the escalator from the lobby. The lobby is very nice and high energy. The desk clerk who checked into the hotel was not friendly or welcoming unlike the doorman who was a happy, smiling man and the bell hop that delivered our luggage to the room - quite pleasant and informative. The room was attractive and of a comfortable size but the bathroom was pitifully small and dated.There were no bathrobes or slippers available for guest use… amenities that are expected from a hotel of this class. The bed was not turned down at night nor were fresh towels provided. But, our biggest annoyance was…",Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
2490,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2495-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,London Paddington Hilton,"Road Warrior Ratings  Hilton Paddington is attached to one of the busier train stations in London, and the termination point of the high speed train from Heathrow. This hotel is 161 years old. You feel like you are in a hotel with a long London legacy, but  she looks great and doesn't have any wrinkles.  Check-In? Hilton Honors precheck. 30 seconds. TV? UK Channels+other global channels for a fee Bar? Steam Bar. Very good. Guinness!! Heart of London. Pubs on every corner.  Local liquor laws to worry about? No problem taking drinks to your room WiFi? 20Mbps Down/ 10 Mbps Up. More re-log-ins than the usual Hilton WiFi Exec Club/Club Floor? First Floor. Awesome. Huge windows looking out on Paddington. Bed? Heavenly Gym? Compact 2xTreadmill 2xEliptical Weight Rack 1x Overhead…",Date of stay: June 2015,5.0
2491,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2495-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Sadly, a very mixed review","The fine points we wish to highlight first.  We'll discuss the room issues as our closing because you should consider many of the fine features this hotel offers and then be specific and watchful of the room assigned. The hotel is located within the roof area of the London Paddington Train Station.  You simply walk from platform, up an escalator or stairs to enter the hotel lobby.  This station location also provides you access to the Underground (the Tube) which afford unlimited travel opportunities in greater London.  An easy 15 minute Heathrow Express train service or if arriving in London at other train stations (such as Kings Cross) an easy connection to Paddington via the Underground. The hotel is decorated elegantly and exudes an air of tranquility and style even if it is…",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
2492,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2495-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great location,"This was a real surprise my husband didn't tell me where we would be staying so I had no clue. This hotel was huge, literally around the corner from Paddington station and a short bus trip to Oxford street. The room was lovely and the staff were great. Breakfast was way too much, I usually grab a banana. It made me feel so special, I will never forget my stay.",Date of stay: May 2015,5.0
2493,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2495-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"poor service, disappointing hotel","I couldnt have been much disappointed by this hotel and the service i was given. I tried to ammend my booking due to a huge change in my personal circumstances. They wouldn't offer any assistance and said my only option was to cancel and they wouldn't refund a penny of the £187 room cost for one night.  Eventually i decided nothing was worth wasting £200 on so went to the hotel with a friend. We asked if it was possible to change the souble room to a twin room. After some time we were told they had upgraded us as this was the only way to get a twin room. Great you think, we got to the room and it was lovely. However when we returned at 11 we found that our first floor ""suite"" was far from ideal as there was now a party downstairs with music blasting so loudly you could even join…",Date of stay: June 2015,1.0
2494,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2495-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great Stay,"My 3rd visit to this hotel and had a great time. Reception staff were exemplary, as good as any 5 star hotel I have stayed in. A special thanks to Martin for a smooth check-in and check-out process.  I like good service and the hotel didn't fail, I visit London a lot and this may now become my preferred place to stay",Date of stay: June 2015,5.0
2495,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2500-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Certainly convenient,"We took the day flight out of Newark, landing at Heathrow about 10 PM. By the time we got through customs and took the Heathrow Express in to Paddington it was great to have our hotel only yards away from where the train stopped. Staff was very friendly. Room was a bit worn but adequate. However, if looking for a late night bite to eat or cocktail, it won't be found at the hotel. In fact, a call to the desk revealed there were no restaurants or bars still open in the entire neighborhood. As the good natured desk clerk said, ""We're located in a very boring part of town."" Be advised.",Date of stay: April 2015,3.0
2496,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2500-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Comfy and convenient,Stayed here at the end of a long tour and was relieved the room was so comfortable and close to the Heathrow express. This was the first time I have travelled alone and the staff were so friendly and helpful. They gave me great directions and maps.  Breakfast was excellent and loved the early opening time. The hotel Is very close to transportation so I was able to get to things I wanted to see very easily,Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
2497,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2500-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"""Great Client Service - a note of appreciation""","Stayed at the hotel for over 2 weeks end of May. The staff at the front desk who helped me with my bags (Mr. Prasanna), was very helpful, i had a few last minute issues which he effortlessly resolved for me and helped me get on with my day's work which was very critial at te point in time .. very refreshing to see that the staff is focused on ensuring even the minor needs are addressed in a timely manner. Wanted to drop this note of appreciation..",Date of stay: May 2015,5.0
2498,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2500-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Fabulous,"excellent courteous staff.very clean.,very good facilities  large rooms,and excellent location.but if you are in the   tower you my require to walk a little to get to the   reception,however this a trivial price to pay for very high  quality hotel",Date of stay: June 2015,5.0
2499,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2500-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Convenient location, bad and expensive Wi-Fi","Stayed one night mid May. Location is perfect, direct access to Paddington , 3 mn away from Heathrow Express. Staff friendly and helpful, food very average, like any big chain. Wi-Fi: as advertised, free only if you book through Hilton web site .I paid GBP 15 and the connection was awful, I had to reconnect all the time  . How on earth a Hilton Hotel in Central London in 2015  doesn't manage to have a good Wi-Fi ? I wrote to the manager,2 weeks ago, still no answer.",Date of stay: May 2015,3.0
2500,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2505-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Helpful and friendly staff,Very Helpful staff at Business Centre! GOOD job Alexandria! She was helping me to get my print outs faster when I was in a hurry for a meeting. I was trying to find a place in early morning hours and luckily Hilton Paddington business center was open. Good place for business meetings and for your business needs,Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
2501,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2505-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great location,"Love the location, easy from airport to hotel via Paddington Station.  Walk off the train, up one level and you are in the hotel.  Room was small but very nice.  The bed wasn't that comfortable for my taste, I was hurting when I woke up in the morning.  Our room rate include breakfast and they have a good choice, we enjoyed our breakfast all three days.  Underground is right outside the hotel making it easy to move around London, plus one of the hop on hop off buses is just around the corner.",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
2502,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2505-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Immediate access to Heathrow Express is a plus for this hotel,"I stayed in this hotel twice recently, once on my way into England and once on the way out. In both cases, the ability to access the hotel lobby directly from the concourse of Paddington Station was a big plus. On arrival from the US, the train from Heathrow can put you in the hotel lobby in a very short time (40 minutes or less) from exiting customs. The hotel is everything you'd expect from a Hilton (except that in the US you may not find an Indian buffet for lunch in the hotel). The rooms are comfortable, although not luxurious. The fitness center is adequate. The location, at Paddington, puts you somewhat west from most places that you may wish to visit in London.",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
2503,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2505-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Pricy but great location,"We were here for 3 nights - 2 at the end of our tour and one extra on our own. Extremely pricy - over $550 per night for the two of us.  Rooms were a nice size, amenities included.  Always have to search for the hairdryer - in a drawer and plugged in so you can't move it. Wifi was not included which was a great surprise at this price. I finally called down and was given the access code for free wife. Why not just make it easier on your guests and just give them free internet without having to jump through hoops. Nice bed, water pressure was ok. Great breakfasts.  No pool.  Location is right across the street from the Paddington tube and around the corner from the Paddington train station. $105 cash -pounds for a cab for 4 to Gatwick.  Take the train to Heathrow from the station.",Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
2504,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2505-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Great location, good room","Express train from Heathrow took 15 mins to reach Paddington station and the hotel is located right beside it. No lugging of luggage up & down stairs from airport to hotel, such a breeze to get to. The room looks a little dated and different from the photos shown on the website but it is clean and rather spacious. Bathroom & towels are clean, and amenities adequate. Hotel is close to Hyde Park so do walk there. It's also nice to wander through the quaint neighborhood to get to Knightsbridge & Buckingham Palace.",Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
2505,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2510-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Big Disappointment!,"Had stayed here a couple of times before but not for several years.  Very convenient due to Heathrow Express so decided to stay here for a quick trip to London on business.  Was arriving early am from US so booked room from previous night.  Trouble started on arrival: they told me I was lucky to a room was available in spite of my booking and paying for an extra day.  Then, without telling me, gave me a handicap room on second floor.  Room was very noisy (right on to lane going down to station) and hot; could not get air conditioning to work.  Also had trouble on check out (early am) because ""computers not working yet""!!  So whole thing a massive disappointment.  Will not stay here again even with great location.  Hotel also now quite shabby and in need of a makeover.",Date of stay: May 2015,1.0
2506,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2510-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Just not worth the money,"I know London hotels are expensive but we paid big money for a first class suite and it wasn't any better than an average room.  Many of the room ""fetaures"" didn't work and the terrace overlooked a run down area.",Date of stay: May 2015,3.0
2507,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2510-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Tower rooms excellent,"We stay at the Hilton at Paddington regularly as it is so convenient for trains to and from Bristol. This trip I managed to get a good offer on a room in the new Tower wing. The room was very spacious, bed comfortable and we even had a view. I love that you can open the windows to get some fresh air - very unusual in London. Best thing though was access to the Tower lounge, complimentary drinks and snacks and a great place to have a quiet breakfast,",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
2508,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2510-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,elegant Style,Went to London for the weekend. Front desk staff was welcoming and very helpful on info for the area. We were given a room in the GW tower. The towers were recently renovated and they did a fantastic job.  It is a bit cumbersome getting from the lobby to yourroom in the tower. Two elevators and a long walk will get you confused.,Date of stay: May 2015,5.0
2509,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2510-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Hilton London Paddington charge me twice,"I stay in Hilton London Paddington last Saturday 23May, and the client was paid for my room in advance, the reception just swap my card for pre-authorized, but when i back after two days find they charge me again for 241GBP.  I contact the phone numbers of the hotel but just mail box, and send mails to them but now response till now.",Date of stay: May 2015,1.0
2510,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2515-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great location when arriving at night on Heathrow Express,"It was great to just walk off the platform, across the concourse and go up in the lift when arriving at 9.30pm after a flight from Singapore. The last thing I wanted was to have to get a taxi and make my way somewhere else. The woman on Reception was a bit terse and could have made an effort to at least smile, but the room was lovely and a good size compared to the usual London hotel rooms. She was quite rude when I asked for help logging in to the WiFi. Breakfast was nice and there were plenty of choices. Wifi was included. Didn't appreciate the sign on the mini bar saying guests can't put their own items in the fridge. If I want to put a small yoghurt and milk in there I should be able to do so when I'm spending a lot of money to stay there. I would happily stay here again…",Date of stay: April 2015,3.0
2511,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2515-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"great, clean, convenient","Great location.  You can catch the tube from the airport and walk a few steps and be at the hotel!  The hotel is wonderful, clean, cozy, quiet, good food, and has a great staff.  I would definitely stay here again",Date of stay: April 2015,5.0
2512,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2515-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Very comfortable hotel in convenient location,"This hotel is in a very convenient location connected to Paddington Station and therefore with easy access to the London Underground.  We stayed at this hotel for a long weekend break and enjoyed the lovely facilities of the hotel.  All the staff are very friendly and helpful.  They clearly enjoyed their jobs and were always looking to assist. The rooms, whilst the standard London compact, were comfortable and we enjoyed very restful and quiet sleeps. Breakfast in the restaurant was varied and plentiful and very nicely prepared.",Date of stay: March 2015,5.0
2513,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2515-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Short stopover,"Spent one night here as a stopover in London prior to flight to Australia.  The location is excellent if your using LHR, on the Heathrow express its less than 30 mins door to door, a big plus. The hotel itself is nice, it has character and from the limited engagement we had with staff, they were polite and helpful. The room was a twin of good size, bathroom was big and beds comfortable. Minor negatives were the lack of included wifi and the bar was less than welcoming. Overall though the hotel met my needs and would certainly stay again.",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
2514,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2515-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Nice!,"This was a great hotel for my first night in London.    Super convenient to the tube system and trains!     Nice, clean and comfortable.    I flew overnight and arrived early and the staff was very accommodating I having a room ready for me.   I would definitely stay here again!",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
2515,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2520-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Transportation gem in central London,"Many hotels at airports or train stations are ""ok"".  The Hilton at Paddington Station is quiet, good food, and great location.  If you are needing to travel around London, great place to stay.  You are near restaurants, pharmacy and by the way, the tube and trains.",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
2516,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2520-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Fabulous stay,"Booked this hotel through booking.com as appeared to be a good deal. Turned out to be an excellent deal. Had a queen suite which was perfect for a family, with 2 bathrooms. Executive lounge great as always, although not quite up to the standard of the Hilton in Prague. Staff were vey friendly an helpful. Not surprising hotel fully booked!",Date of stay: May 2015,5.0
2517,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2520-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great location,Great location for both Heathrow and the tube. Clean rooms of an excellent size. I stayed in the new section which meant 2 lifts and a trek along a corridor and down some stairs.    Would have liked Wifi in the rooms without the over priced cost structure. ,Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
2518,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2520-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,High price - dated decor - not big enough for conference,"400+ people at a conference is going to put pressure on the bar - however, they decided to close the bar for modernisation and the restaurant bar was struggling to cope with the number of people willing to spend money. Wifi service - although included - was disconnecting whenever you relocated from room to lobby or restaurant - meaning you had to sign in again - no reconnecting. Very very very annoying.",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
2519,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2520-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Definitely worth a trip!,"Stayed here a few weeks back for a break in London. Got a very good deal so thought I would give it a go. You cannot get any closer to Paddington station if you tried!   Although the hotel is almost as good as being on Paddington station, you can't hear anything going on outside which was brilliant as my room basically overlooked the roof of the station. The room was very spacious, clean and comfortable and has everything you could possibly need, I didn't bother with the mini bar or room service as it was a bit pricey! But there is a nice restaurant in the hotel and a lot of other restaurants in the area.   When I got to the hotel I asked if I could leave my bag in their luggage storage as I couldn't check in and they said my room was ready which was great BUT as I checked in I…",Date of stay: May 2015,5.0
2520,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2525-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great,The hotel is nicely located to Paddington main and underground stations room was very nice lovely break fast dinner was oh high standard the one thing we did not like was no free wifi Highly recommend,Date of stay: May 2015,5.0
2521,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2525-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Afternoon Tea & Prosecco at the Brasserie Restaurant, Hilton London Paddington","This was a family gathering for 12 that went extremely well. We fully enjoyed our afternoon tea. The Hilton London Paddington offers a welcoming, pleasant and stylish environment.  All started well with a glass of Prosecco that I had opted for as an upgrade (from the standard £18 to £24 per head version). (There are special voucher discount promotions to watch out for, which could make a condiderable difference to your pocket)  The service was good, plus a nice spread of sandwiches, cakes and scones, a choice of coffee, hot chocolate or one of 6 types of tea for each person.  We chose to sit at a long table in the main part of the Brasserie and swap seats to mingle. However there are other options to the side which are a little more secluded, either sitting round a table for…",Date of stay: May 2015,5.0
2522,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2525-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great Location,"The Hilton Paddington is in an amazing location, sitting right at the end of the Heathrow Express.  Huge underground and train station, lots of restaurants and shops to buy just about anything needed for a traveler.  I'm a Hilton member, so get upgraded for wifi, so I can't comment on the prices for non-Honors members, but 15 pounds sounds high.  The hotel is older, rooms are large, bathrooms are large.  You also get good value for your Honors points.  We chose the Queen Hilton Suite, - very roomy, big bathroom, quiet and comfortable.  with free access to an ""executive lounge"" with a tasty happy hour and free breakfast.  All in all worth the points, especially if you're using points.",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
2523,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2525-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great atmosphere and close to the tube & oxford street,"This hotel was very good in terms of the quality of rooms, food and location. The room was comfortable, you wont get much of the view but they are big in size. Paddington is a very busy area and the street where Hilton is located in is very popular especially for tourists, therefore the hotel was a bit pricey but not for the location. You could access the tube through the hotel which was very convenient. The staff were helpful, some of them were a bit rude but the rest were fine. I didn't spend much time at the hotel since i loved going shopping and exploring London, but it was always good to go back to the bed and relax. Would definity recommend it if your staying in London for a few days.",Date of stay: April 2015,4.0
2524,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2525-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Fabulous location when flying into Heathrow!,"This hotel is fantastic for a short stay in London if you're flying in/out of Heathrow. Just jump on the Heathrow Express and 15 minutes later you're right there. The hotel even has an entrance from inside the train station, you don't need to go outside and brave the crowds/elements.  The hotel itself is great. Surprisingly quiet and peaceful for such a busy location with easy access to everything in London (the underground station is less than a minute away). The rooms are cosy, clean and tastefully decorated. The staff are friendly and willing to help out with any questions you may have. The late checkout (1pm I think it was) was really appreciated.  Can't really fault this place - it will definitely be our go-to hotel for any future trips to London.",Date of stay: May 2015,5.0
2525,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2530-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Location location location,"Stayed in this hotel on 2 occasions last week.  I'm a diamond member do I try to stay with Hilton brand ... First time I have stayed here as I normally opt for one closer to my office.   First stay.. We were upgraded to the tower suite which was newly decorated.  Rooms spacious and very nice.   2nd stay no upgrade ... Basic 'old style' room...it was ok but nothing to write home about.   We ate in restaurant once ... Very underwhelming, no atmosphere.  Food was ok but expensive .. I can't say I would eat here again.    We were in a rush in the morning ... I asked to take breakfast away .. Not even a bag provided to accommodate.    Would I stay again?...I may but purely due to location ",Date of stay: May 2015,3.0
2526,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2530-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,SUPERB HOTEL WITH EXCEPTIONAL SERVICE,"A superb hotel in a great location. The staff are indeed very skilled, friendly and very efficient. I would offer warm congratulations to the Duty Manager Mr Rakesh Singh who has demonstrated exceptional managerial skills, high efficiency and impeccable professionalism during my stay. He is indeed a great asset to the Hilton London Paddington Hotel. I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone who wants a first class service from a superb hotel in London.",Date of stay: May 2015,5.0
2527,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2530-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Good hotel with great transportation access.,"We stayed two nights at the Paddington Hilton in May of 2015.  We chose a Tower room and were glad we did;  our room was spacious and comfortable and the convenience of having the Tower lounge available was something we really enjoyed.  The hotel is adjacent to the Paddington rail and tube stations, which makes access to Heathrow via the express trains a cinch, especially if you have an early morning departure or late night arrival.  There were numerous restaurants etc nearby so plenty of eating options.  We enjoyed the complimentary breakfast in the Tower Lounge which was good for both mornings we were at the Hilton.  Staff was generally helpful and professional.  Our Tower room was nice and appeared as if brand new and modern with a comfortable bed, a nice desk and full bath. …",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
2528,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2530-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,15 GBP for WiFi - seriously?!,"The location at the step of Heathrow Express and connection to public transportation is fantastic, and the room was reasonable for a short business stay. But asking 15 GBP for a day of WiFi  -  at a room rate of 300 GBP  -  is outrageuos in today's day and age! And they added insult to injury, when giving a free WiFi code to another guest who just happened to ask about it...  So: ask for a WiFi code on check-in!",Date of stay: May 2015,3.0
2529,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2530-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Hilton Paddington,"An excellent hotel, in an excellent location with great access and lots of good restaurants nearby. The only big negative was no free WiFi, and the cost of paid WiFi was very high. Poor TV system design.",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
2530,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2535-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,needs refreshing,The hotel is greatly located. On a footstep of Paddington station. The rooms are pricey by ut it is the space and comfort that you pay for. I have been coming to this hotel for some time now. I need to say for the price is not the best hotel around. The rooms are disproportionate in quality and you might end up in a one with immediate refurbishment needs. On the other end there are some fresh and shining ones.  The sleep comfort is ok but you should be expecting more. Otherwise the check in and out was smooth but a partially broken clock at the reception does stand for the hotel image.,Date of stay: May 2015,3.0
2531,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2535-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Disgraceful service. Severe electrical problems. Not a Hilton.,"Hilton needs to take notice of the bad service, maintenance and processes of this unit, in a perfect location and spacious apartments.  Check in: they lost my luggage. I was late and after 20 minutes, I called the reception. Nothing happened. I went to the lobby and asked to open the storage room. It was there…  Apartment: serious electrical problems. Only one outlet, broken coffee machine, no individual lights and broken individual controls. Or you light up the entire room, including the bathroom, or turn everything off. You want to read something or go to the bathroom at night? Go through the door and turn the entire room. Sometimes there is a light oscillation that looks like the Bates Motel or Disney´s Haunted Mansion.  Cleaning: staff decided to save on soap. In 4 nights,…",Date of stay: May 2015,1.0
2532,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2535-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Unbeatable location,"This hotel is ""attached"" to Paddington station where you can get on 3 or 4 different underground lines and the national rail -- including the heathrow expense -- 21 pounds and 20 minutes to and from Healthrow, runs every 10 minutes during high time.  The rooms are well appointed and the front desk and concierge very helpful.  The restaurant is  just ok, but there is Room service is 24 hours a day.  The lobby lounge is a great place to meet for business cocktails.  There is a bar and a fitness center.  I stay here whenever I am in town for business.  I would rate it excellent but for the food.  Still - highly recommend.  Been many times and never any problems.",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
2533,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2535-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,great place great location,"the hotel was very clean, the rooms clean and quiet.  it is located in a great spot, right off paddington station, 15minute express train ride from Heathrow and across the street from the subway.  it is also easy walking distance from Oxford Street and Hyde Park.  the hotel staff was terrific with our business conference.",Date of stay: May 2015,5.0
2534,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2535-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Horrid,"What a hideous hotel. Looks nice from the outside, lots of glittery glam. Once inside the rooms are tiny, stuffy, boring and just naff. Three hundred pounds a night? Ho ho ho. Never again. Edgware Road is not a place I feel safe in either. Horrible.",Date of stay: April 2015,2.0
2535,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2540-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Location, location, location","This hotel is literally on top of Paddington station with both rail and underground right there. We came in on the Heathrow Express in a mere 15 minutes door to door. All of our sightseeing was connected by short rides on the underground. The hotel is a very old building that has been upgraded to a Hilton. Our room was adequate but not luxurious, comfortable not luxurious. Bathroom has very slippery floor and bathtub without enough support bars. An accident waiting to happen. Shower very difficult water adjustments can produce scalding water before you figure out how to turn it off. A real bizarre setup. Room was not cleaned until 4pM one day, and then 9AM the next. Both times we were  asleep. On second day no washcloths and no fresh bottled water. They charged a 20 pound…",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
2536,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2540-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Fantastic,"stayed in a tower room - absolutely fantastic.   New, clean, spacious, beautiful bathroom and most of all a very comfortable bed.  Breakfast was good, use of the executive lounge was excellent.   All in all a fab stay.",Date of stay: May 2015,5.0
2537,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2540-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Ideal and Convenient Transit,I've used the Paddington Hilton when in transit through London on several occasions.  It is an excellent hotel with high quality facilities and very helpful staff.  Also represents very good value for money.,Date of stay: May 2015,5.0
2538,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2540-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Hilton London Paddington nearly ruin my holiday,"We try to arrange our check in after a long haul flight on BA12 from Singapore in the early morning hour at 7.00am on 10/5/2015. I recently become a Gold HHonors member (528597585) and my wife done our booking through BA/Hilton hotel travel partnership programme.  At the front desk we were serve by a staff by the name of Antonio, first he said he could not find our booking, even after showing him the hard copy with confirmation from BA since Mar. he insisted that there was no booking in the computer and there is nothing wrong with the system (means the fault is not theirs). Tired and weary, we politely ask if he can help check with BA but instead of being helpful, he bluntly said that we should do it our self. I asked for the BA contact number and he again said bluntly that I…",Date of stay: May 2015,3.0
2539,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2540-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,return trip to Hilton Paddington,Last visited in 2011 and appears renovations have occurred.  Room very comfortable and free wi fi by booking on Hilton.com.  Opted for breakfast as flash sale made it a value for 2.  Problems with service both at front desk and luggage hold.  Without elaborating I found this aspect to have gone downhill.  Also unable to get change for a 20 gbp note at desk.  Safe deposit boxes at front desk lacked suitable area to put things away plus personnel stood by.  Overall a nice property.,Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
2540,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2545-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Happy mix of great location with good standards,"Booked purely on location for ease of business on this occasion, staying one night as all my travelling centered in & around Paddington, and you have a certain min.standard at a Hilton so that gives a little piece of mind usually too.   Work was paying so only a standard double sadly, which is a tad snug but perfecty functional for my needs. On booking requested a quiet room (if it was possible) and in fairness it was quiet considering we're in Central London. All the little touches are there, comp.bottles of water, toiletries, iron etc - any business traveller should be covered off by this. Overall, its location is excellent for travellers and ticks all the business boxes - and its a busy little nexus of a place great for meetings etc, but not sure its for familes and couples…",Date of stay: May 2015,3.0
2541,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2545-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Bed is solid. No other choice so avoid if you have bad back!,"Very convenient hotel for Paddington and therefore HEATHROW via express. However, rooms are very noisy and mine overlooked the station, not a problem but the men working on the station roof or somewhere around the hotel WERE a problem at 7.20am! Also overlooked noisy air con fan from station concourse. Awful!",Date of stay: May 2015,3.0
2542,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2545-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,All about location ,"The hotel's location is hard to beat if one is in London and needs access to trains, the Underground or Heathrow. To & from Heathrow is 15 minutes via the Heathrow Express. Don't even need to go outside to get from Paddington station to the hotel (entrance by Starbucks on the 2nd floor of the station).   The area around the hotel is a bit touristy but now terrible. The hotel itself is fine - the room I had (338) was large & quiet, albeit a 5 minute walk from the elevator. Staff was pleasant, although my interaction was minimal. In short a great spot to base a short business trip. ",Date of stay: May 2015,5.0
2543,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2545-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Beautifully restored GWR Tower and rooms,"This hotel is wonderfully located right at the Paddington railway station, with perfect connection to the west of England (Bristol, Birmingham, Oxford, Gloucester), to Heathrow airport, and to the tube lines within London.  The hotel's reception is quite large and grand, and there is also a small reception stall by the main executive lounge, which is usually quieter and faster. I was staying in the GWR Tower room, which is a separate part of the hotel, locked behind the door just for the select GWR residents. It is a beautifully restored part with some Art deco influences, a small executive lounge just for GWR residents, and large rooms with huge bathrooms.  The only disadvantage of staying in the GWR wing is that it is a bit of a trek from the main reception and restaurant, but…",Date of stay: February 2015,4.0
2544,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2545-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Fantastic location, generic experience","I spent one night here as a layover between Eastern Europe and North America. The location was perfect. 15 minutes from Heathrow via the Express, and it was fine for a business hotel, but I would not stay here for vacation. There was a conference that reserved the entire Steam Bar and overwhelmed the lobby bar. The front desk was understaffed and inexperienced. The doorman, however, was very helpful and went out of his way to make sure my questions were answered. The room was fine, a typical Hilton. I ended up walking through Hyde Park and eating dinner at a hotel in Kensington I've visited before. I would stay here again if I had 24 hours or less in London but would look elsewhere for two or more nights.",Date of stay: May 2015,3.0
2545,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2550-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,A nice surprise,"We booked this hotel since it is close to the place where we will have the meeting the day after I was suspicious about it since it is ""in "" the paddington station and i was afraid about the possible noise but....surprise! The most quiet hotel I ever visited and moreover rooms (new) were really clean and new. Great experince Final judgement: strongly suggested ",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
2546,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2550-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Lovely hotel, great location","We recently spent 3 nights at the Hilton London Paddington. The location was great as it is across the street (and has inside access to) Paddington train/tube station...so convenient! Staff was very friendly and helpful. Our room was very clean, comfortable, modern and quiet and included high speed Wifi.  Several shops and restaurants are located in the train station and are easy to get to from the hotel's inside access. On Friday nights, the Paddington Station band plays a concert in the station from 7:00-9:30 pm. An unexpected treat! Loved our stay here & hope to return!",Date of stay: May 2015,5.0
2547,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2550-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Poor rooms, highly overrated","We had a stay for 3 nights, the guy at the counter was very unfriendly, the people in the restaurant were very friendly, the guy at the door was extremely friendly.  The rooms itself are dirty, blood on the curtains, strange spots (Seamen?) on the furniture in the room, furniture damaged, coffee mugs broken, a total lack of quality control of the room itself. 1 day we didnt even get cleaning, i thought this was a hilton?...  Loads of dust in the ceiling spots, above your dinner in the restaurant.   Im not a picky person but if i have a stay of 1600 euro's i expect a lot more and certainly not this.   The bed itself was excellent, but the rest i dont know. i wouldnt pay this amount again. Overall very poor room, service , quality rating goes from 2 to 8, instead of a steady 7 or…",Date of stay: May 2015,2.0
2548,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2550-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Excellent Customer Services,"This is my second review about Hilton London Paddington. I am writing a second review as the hotel really deserves to receive a feedback about my last visit. As usual and even better customer services, excellent accommodation, and brilliant location. The room is above my expectation in the new tower. the services really meets my satisfaction that I want stay even longer. I will definitely always stay in this hotel when I visit London. Big thanks to the management of the hotel, those who work in the restaurant, and housekeeping. Aziz",Date of stay: April 2015,5.0
2549,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2550-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Just average,"We booked one night here because we were coming in by train after a weekend in Oxford. The train departs and returns in Paddington Station. At time of booking we also thought we would be taking the train back to Heathrow from Paddington but I changed the plan and hired a car service but the hotel was booked through Booking.com with no cancellation.   This hotel is in a very good location if you want to be near Paddington Station or Underground.  The restaurants in the area leave something to be desired and you're a bit far from the sights. You need to use the bus or tube service to go see anything nothing much in walking distance.       The room is nice for a standard room, the bathroom huge with a good shower, the bed is a little bit to hard for my liking but of course that's a…",Date of stay: May 2015,3.0
2550,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2555-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,lower floors are terrible,"Weekend away with the wife and get given a room directly above the nightclub. Put up with it for one night, not generally being the complaining types, we ask to be moved on the second night. Managers reply 'you didn't complain last night, so we assumed you were fine, now fully booked, not one free room in the hotel'. Offered free WiFi (which we already had). Grudgingly then offered free breakfast. Go back upstairs and phone down again about the noise. Now told there is another room, when the hotel was completely booked out 5 minutes before. Someone else's dirty underwear on the floor. Seems service here is a 'whinge' based system, what you get relies on how much you complain.  Do not, let them put you on a low floor, certainly on a weekend, in fact, I wouldn't stay here again if…",Date of stay: May 2015,1.0
2551,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2555-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Hotel,"We stayed 2 nights. The wait staff was friendly and accommodating. We flew in from NYC overnight and they allowed us to check into our room early. The room was average size, but comfortable and clean. They have a nice breakfast buffet and a Starbucks right next to it. The best part is the location because you literally on top of the London Tube and train network. Great ease and convenience at getting around. Also be sure to take the Heathrow Express which goes directly from Heathrow to Paddington.",Date of stay: April 2015,4.0
2552,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2555-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Central to most attractions,I was here on a business trip for three nights and loved it. The room was very spacious and the bed was very comfortable. Everything was spotless and the maid service was excellent. The hotel is very easy to get to from King's Cross on the Circle line - and Paddington station is a marvel in its own right with its bars and restaurants. I ate out most of the time but did grab a lunchtime snack and I am happy to say that the food was excellent and the service was second to none. Just outside the hotel you are never far from a pub or restaurant or an attraction. Hyde Park is just round the corner.  The business suite where we held our meeting was very good with all the facilities that you require in a business environment - again the food and beverages were befitting this excellent…,Date of stay: May 2015,5.0
2553,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2555-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great for Heathrow,Friendly effecient check in and gave me my room early.  Good room with  all usual Hilton facilities.   Comfy Bed etc.  Excellent Breakfast. Recommend if flying out from heathrow and using the Heathrow express rather than staying in a bland airport hotel.  Quick and easy to Heathrow.,Date of stay: March 2015,4.0
2554,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2555-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Very good , usual Hilton standard","Stsyed here because of the location, right on Paddington station & as i was catching the Heathrow express early the following day it was ideal. Usual Hilton quality room, not huge but fine & with all amenities, also got complimentary wi fi if you book direct through the Hilton websife, just ask for the code on arrival. Location is great , on a main road close to pubs & restaurants. Cant tell you about breakfast as i was room only, used the express checkout as i had an early train to catch, would stay again.",Date of stay: April 2015,4.0
2555,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2560-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Paddington Hilton,This is a pleasant hotel that is very convenient if you arrive by train as we did from Heathrow. We took the Express into Paddington station and we walked across from the station. the adjoining concourse is also handy. Food and Starbucks right there. Great.,Date of stay: April 2015,4.0
2556,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2560-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Bad customer service,"I called on the phone after I found the hotel on the internet and asked to book a smoking room, the agent booked me a smoking room, upon our arrival at the room we noticed that there were no ashtrays in the room, I called the reception and they told me there are no smoking rooms in the hoteland it was not their fault the agent on the phone booked me a smoking room. She called the manager and the manager said the same thing. They made me feel it was my fault, not even a word for some kind of compensation. I had booked that room just because I wanted a smoking room. This lack of professionalism from the side of the agent on the phone kind of ruined my evening. The rest of the services were good.",Date of stay: May 2015,1.0
2557,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2560-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great Location!,"To us this seemed more like a business hotel. It was perfect though as it was located next to the Paddington Train Station, from where we traveled to Paris during our stay. The staff is amazing, the breakfast buffet was delicious. The room was big and clean.",Date of stay: December 2014,5.0
2558,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2560-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Not so impressed..,"Room soo dusty and far from wifi. Tried to call to reception 5 long times on their ""magic"" button (for reaching the reception) but no one picked upp. No view, far from elevator and right by their serviceroom. Not as much standardroom at all. Moore a hostel then hotel. ",Date of stay: May 2015,1.0
2559,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2560-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great location and nice staff,"best location for both business and leisure. you have bus , underground, and train stations, ATM machines, good restaurant just a few steps from hotel door. Staff are very professional and helpful, I arrived and there was a problem with my booking, right away I was assisted by George who solved the problem and even gave me internet access and other merits that helped me during my stay. I highly recommend this hotel to all visiting London.",Date of stay: February 2015,5.0
2560,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2565-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,only good for a room forget the service,"Good position, reasonably comfortable room. Staff try to help. Lots of unhappy faces requesting help at reception. ""It's against hotel policy"" seemed to be the standard reply, even for very simple requests. Not a welcoming place at all. Do not expect services. It's just a room in return for a dollar",Date of stay: May 2015,1.0
2561,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2565-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,IF ONLY ALL HILTONS WERE LIKE THIS!,"Stayed in one of the new tower rooms, very nicely decorated in a neutral art deco style and spacious with a separate dressing area next to the bathroom. plenty of plug sockets and mirrors next to them!! ( not often you get this, I always take my own mirror ). Couch and office desk in room, comfy bed. Special mention to Roydin from the tower lounge for his exemplary service, nothing was too much trouble for him and he was really friendly and approachable. Would definitely use thees rooms for another business trip, time to refurb the rat of the hotel now.",Date of stay: May 2015,5.0
2562,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2565-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Four days of bliss,"Wish there was one word for something that was treble-excellent - staff friendly, efficient, food mainly good, rooms superb and very clean, blissful surroundings. $Executive Lounge fantastic - everybody should try and spend time there - makes your holiday or business trip.  Super for overnight prior to going down to Heathrow - just a few minutes and you are on the ttrain direct from the Hotel.   There was a fire alarm and we had to get outside quickly.  this was so well organised that it was almost like a social gathering.  No hassle, no scary moments - just a well organised event.  Particular care was taken of my disabled husband much to my personal relief.",Date of stay: May 2015,5.0
2563,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2565-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,*** hotel with hard to beat location,"If you arrive at Heathrow airport and want to get to the city and your hotel as fast as possible, this Hilton is only 15 minutes away by Heathrow Express and the hotel entrance is directly connected to the Paddington station. No need to get out of the station, just head towards the small escalator next to Starbucks that takes you to the hotel lobby.  Considering the size of the hotel, the reception desk is seriously cramped, thus always busy. I understand that there are old and refurbished rooms in this location, I stayed in one of the old ones with a depressing ""view"" of the inner yard. The room was seriously dusty that set off my allergies. Apparently all rooms here have wall to wall carpets.  Another major annoyance was the lack of hot enough water. I could only get lukewarm…",Date of stay: May 2015,3.0
2564,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2565-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Very convenient,"Great location in Paddington station - if you are travelling by train.  Executive lounge Reception staff very friendly and courteous as they were at the main reception desk with the concierge.   Breakfast in main dining room was delicious and the snacks in evening in executive lounge were ample and tasty.   The room was spacious, so big that the TV seemed to be far away, especially if you were watching it in bed!!    Only negative was that we couldn't get wifi to work intermittently and this was frustrating.  No excuse for this really.   Overall a great stay and would definitely stay again. ",Date of stay: May 2015,5.0
2565,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2570-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Haven after a long journey.,"After 3 days of connecting flghts, layovers and a transatlantic flight and two train journeys we finally arrived at the Hilton Paddington to check in. The hotel is conveniently located at the London Paddington rail station. Formerly the Great Western Royal Hotel part of the GWR's london terminus of Paddinton station the hotel built in the art deco style around 1850 and still has all the grand features from times gone by coupled with modern touches.  Upon arrival we were told our room wasn't ready because the previous guest had partied hard. The check in staff were more than apologetic seeming embarrassed by the delay. The concierge took our luggage and we were shown into the private guest lounge which overlooks the station to wait for our room the lounge has complimentary drinks…",Date of stay: February 2015,5.0
2566,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2570-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Tower room has restored my faith in Hilton Hotels,A few years ago we had a fairly unpleasant stay at the Hilton Olympia and since then I have been reluctant to stay at Hilton Hotels but this stay has totally changed my mind. We arrived at Paddington station and you can effectively walk straight into the hotel - a great initial bonus. Very polite reception staff and no problems leaving our baggage (we arrived at 11.30am) We had booked a Tower room and I must say this was one of the nicest hotel rooms we have stayed in. Very well designed and decorated. Great bathroom and very quiet. You have use of the Tower lounge and this provided a very adequate breakfast which is included in the room price. We did not eat in the restaurant so can't comment on this but we will be back so will review this then. Any negatives?: You are quite a…,Date of stay: May 2015,5.0
2567,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2570-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Helpful staff, Great Location","I stayed in this hotel during April and found the staff on the desk, in the restaurant & in the bar all extremely helpful and accommodating. The room was spacious and well appointed I like the fact that there was an iron and ironing board in my room, the facilities  and the fact that it is right next to the subway station make this a perfect location for travellers .  There really wasn't anything I didn't like about my stay .",Date of stay: April 2015,5.0
2568,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2570-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Very nice hotel,"I stayed here for one night on points. Front desk staff was very helpful and let me check in even though it was 10:30 AM. The building itself was very nice. Nice looking lobby.  My room was large, especially for a London hotel. Bed was very comfortable. Bathroom was a good size too.  Free (and really good) full breakfast in the restaurant downstairs because I am a Gold member.  You can't beat the location, adjacent to the Paddington station (even has it's own connected entrance to terminal).  I would stay here again.",Date of stay: April 2015,4.0
2569,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2570-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Wonderful and tastefully designed  tower lounge .,I had been there last month . Wonderful front desk staff upgrade me to the tower lounge room. It was fantastic overnight  experience . I enjoyed my stay and I will recommend tomy friends and family. Everyone is helpful ..... good stuff. Keep it up. ,Date of stay: April 2015,5.0
2570,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2575-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Excellent hotel!,Great hotel with a super easy transport link from Heathrow Airport.  Just 15 mins on the Heathrow Express train takes you into Paddington Station and the Hilton is just adjacent with a linked walkway.  It's that easy.  Price was very reasonable for a London hotel and Paddington Station is well connected to multiple trains and the Underground lines.  Good stopover especially if flying in on a late flight.  Room was well appointed and bed very comfortable.  Free wifi!  There was quaint Little Venice just around the corner where you can walk along the canal with houseboats and cafes.,Date of stay: April 2015,4.0
2571,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2575-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Nice Hotel also for Families ver conveniently located next to Paddington Station,"We stayed there as family of four in one suite (that included access to executive lounge) for three nights and quite enjoyed our stay (except for the first night) 15 min to city center by tube, 15 to Heathrow with Heathrow express, very convenient. If you stay there, just make sure, your room is not facing London Street, as right below your window there is an cargo offloading point where trucks will be arriving basically whole night. This is what actually happened to us and to be honest it was very noisy. (I would recommend to install soundproof windows). After requesting to change the room, the (very friendly and helpful) staff at the counter gave us a suite facing to the courtyard, which was perfect. Should we ever travel back to London with kids, we for sure will stay in this…",Date of stay: April 2015,4.0
2572,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2575-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great Location,We changed to the Hilton Paddington for our last two nights in London- Rakesh (spelling?) was the manager and went above and beyond to accomodate our requests with two rooms. Traveling with two teenagers we wanted to give them some space but also be close by. Excellent snack options in the club lounge and very convenient when it was time to head back to Heathrow- we will stay here with our future travels to London,Date of stay: March 2015,5.0
2573,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2575-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Best location for travel between Heathrow and Wales and the west, poor room maintenance","Took the family to london prior to my business trip and was sorely disappointed by the state of the room, the staff were all very friendly and helpful and this is without doubt the most convenient hotel for any flight out of heathrow due to the heathrow express and its options of direct travel to any terminal. I regularly book suites and booked the top end terrace suite, and upon spending over £500 in a single night I was presented with a room with broken blinds, broken air conditioning meaning that the room was uncomfortable all night, the tv was hardly visible with all the static but the most shocking was the shower above the bath which was hanging off the wall and unusable. I would have thought a suite would see the most maintenance and as a result i definitely wouldn't be…",Date of stay: March 2015,1.0
2574,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2575-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Nothing to write home about,"As a Hilton Gold I had a very underwhelming experience here. Absolutely no recognition or welcome at the front desk, forget about an upgrade from my booked double and a very dreary room in terms of design.  The good parts: inside walk to Paddington station. This is probably also the bad part. As they have a unique location for Paddington station they seem full on weekdays and don't feel the need to provide much in terms in service as they are doing so well.  I did receive four small pieces of Chocolate and two bottles of water in my room, the bed was good and room quite during the night (indoor courtyard view).  Breakfast was free as a Gold member in the regular restaurant. Very average spread and selection, no smoked salmon but there was an omelette chef on hand which is always…",Date of stay: April 2015,2.0
2575,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2580-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Business Convenient,"Have stayed at this hotel dozens of times over years including most recently April 24. Ease of access to LHR and Tube make this an outstanding choice for business-- easy to be in office in Central London by mid am after early am arrival and great to be able to check in drop bag, shower etc. Seems to be lots of staff turnover but all are well trained and helpful.",Date of stay: April 2015,5.0
2576,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2580-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great Experience,Reception and concierge were extremely friendly and helpful.  Staff in general were very pleasant and polite.  The hotel was clean and comfortable.  I would recommend this hotel. It is conveniently located at both the rail and underground stations.,Date of stay: April 2015,5.0
2577,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2580-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Hilton hotel Paddington,The bed was very comfortable and the food was excellent. The staff were friendly but the room was slightly noisy with the window open but you are in central London so what else can you expect. Overall a very good Hotel.,Date of stay: April 2015,4.0
2578,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2580-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great Hotel for Business Travelers,I stayed at the Hilton Paddington prior to flying back to the US.  Its location connected to the Paddington rail/tube station and access to the Heathrow Express makes it a great place to stay for those flying to the US.  I was upgraded to a larger room when I checked in by a very friendly and efficient staff.  The room was clean and quiet.  The bed was quite comfortable.  I have stayed at the Paddington Hilton before and my experience was the same great experience.  I would stay at this property any time I came to London.,Date of stay: April 2015,5.0
2579,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2580-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Excellent hotel and excellent service,"When we checked in, the front desk staff were most helpful,  The hotel room was wonderful and the food and service in the restaurant was first class. The dinner and wine at dinner made our day. We thank the staff and Hilton Hotels for delivering a first class experiencee. We will go back again!!!",Date of stay: April 2015,5.0
2580,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2585-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Excellent afternoon tea,"We had afternoon tea here today . My friend and i treat ourselves once a month so we consider ourselves connoisseurs . This hotel has been the best yet. We were met at reception by two lovely smiley ladies, taken to our table where Elisa run through the menu for us , you get a choice of fillings for your sandwiches , a lovely selection of cakes plus two scones with clotted cream and strawberry jam. A choice of teas is included and a nice chilled glass of prosecco. When the cake stand  arrived Elisa guided us through the contents . The sandwiches were very fresh . Our experience here today was the best . Elsa and all the other ( names we didn't get ) staff were all very pleasant and couldn't do enough for you. We would definitely recommend this hotel for afternoon tea . Excellent…",Date of stay: April 2015,5.0
2581,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2585-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Could you spell that again?,"Bailey.  My name is Bailey.  It's not really that difficult.  But Sara took about 10 minutes and then asked me if I could show her confirmation of my booking.  I could. I did.  But having spelt out my surname ten times I was fed up.  She didn't offer me an upgrade.  She rattled off a rehearsed speech about the internet.  I listened.  I did listen. I eventually got to the room.  It's fine.  It's quiet - great soundproofing.  Nice bed.  No robe.  But fine. Later when I came back from my walk I sat down to use the internet to get my emails.  It wouldn't work.  Those of you who use Hiltons all the time might be thinking that I'm a bit slow - it logs you in automatically.  Not at Paddington.  After 10 minutes fiddling with it I rang reception.  They were engaged,  Indeed engaged for…",Date of stay: April 2015,3.0
2582,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2585-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Don't be over the bar. ...,"Very nice rooms, clean and comfortable. Just make sure you're not over the bar, unless you enjoy loud, thumping music and shouting patrons in the street until 4 am! The very friendly and helpful staff moved us the next night, even upgraded us. The exec lounge has decent food and is a nice place for a snack or drink. ",Date of stay: April 2015,4.0
2583,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2585-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great hotel next to Paddington station,"I'm at Hilton Paddington weekly for my job. The quality of hotel is high rated with a great hall. Rooms have great furniture and really wide. All bath amenities are there and for HHonors member as me every week there is a nice gift. Breakfast seems fine, I can't judge as the lounge for Gold/Diamond members, like me, I think have less choice than standard. Directly connected to Paddington station that is really good if you've to catch an early train.",Date of stay: April 2015,4.0
2584,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2585-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Excellent!,I stay here at least twice a month on business trips.  Staff are extremely friendly and helpful.  The rooms are all well decorated and extremely clean. One of the better hotels for accessing all areas of London.,Date of stay: March 2015,5.0
2585,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2590-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,One of the worst,"Without a shadow of doubt this was one of the worst hotels (claiming to be a 4 star..!) we have ever stayed in any place. The receptionist guy was blatantly rude and presumptuous and could not even find me in their outdated computer system and kept us standing for a good 20 minutes. When we arrived in the room (of course without a view) I could not believe that they did not even have a decent LCD TV, let alone free Wifi! Pictures were blurred and so we could not watch anything.   Their is no food that one can order as part of a room service after 10:30 pm. The toiletries provided by the hotel, namely, the facial soap that I used made my face burn within an hour of using it and the irritation lasted throughout the evening resulting in an allergic skin rash that became visible the…",Date of stay: April 2015,1.0
2586,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2590-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Mediocre,"Mediocre room. Mediocre food, average service. The only really good thing about the hotel is the location. I have stayed in many hotels throughout the UK and many in London and, especially for the price, this fell well short",Date of stay: April 2015,3.0
2587,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2590-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Not up to standard,"My partner and I stayed here as we were attending a wedding reception at the hotel.  The room we had was 521, there were stains on the walls of the main bedroom and it was poorly ventilated, fan in the room didn't appear to be working so we had an uncomfortable hot night.  Breakfast the next also wasn't what was expected and I had a gloopy fried egg, whilst my partner did not receive his omelette until after I'd finished my breakfast and we had to chase up his order.  The customer service upon checking in and out of the hotel was not up to scratch and we were made to feel like we had to prove ourselves worthy of staying.  During our checking the young man appeared to get distracted by something or someone else and we were left waiting not knowing if we were being checked in or…",Date of stay: April 2015,2.0
2588,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2590-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Hotel is great, but £15 for wifi p... me off now!","I have reviewed Hilton Paddington before, and the hotel is great, classic style hotel, perfect location for travellers (not so perfect for that romantic weekend or for shopaholics), good size rooms with all you`d expect. Except for one thing; they charge you a whopping £15 for 24hr wifi access!!!! Dear Hilton, it doesnt help that you claim free wifi if you book direct from your website. Most businesstravellers aren`t even allowed to book direct, but have to use a travel agent/inhouse bookers. You need to stop this robbery now. Its 2015, did you notice broadband and wifi are everywhere, and mostly for free. I bet even at the restaurant across the street, I can have a £10 dinner and do my emails for free...",Date of stay: April 2015,2.0
2589,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2590-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,The worst concierge in London,"Sadly our Hilton experience was in complete contrast to the outstanding service of The Savoy London, and Royal Crescent  Bath.  We had booked on-line and noted in the comments that we required a short term car park so the rental company could collect the car.  Upon arrival the rudest concierge manager I have ever met demanded we immediately move our car.  He was not interested in that fact we had noted on our booking we needed a car park space, nor did he offer any advice on where I could park the car.  We rang Avis, who said they would ring the hotel.  The concierge, meanwhile, ignored us when we relayed this to him and his helpful advice consisted of repeating over and over  ""It's not my problem, you will have to move it"".  Meanwhile, my wife was busy getting lost on the way…",Date of stay: April 2015,1.0
2590,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2595-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Convenience in a slightly dated setting.,"Two stays in one trip at this place, about a week apart. The best thing is the location. Straight off the plane at Heathrow, onto the Heathrow express, and off the train and straight into the hotel. Its that simple. And when getting on a train from Paddington to other part of the country, same deal.   There is also the Paddington tube station no more than a 2 minute walk from the front door of the hotel, allowing easy access to the rest of London. For those that like to walk, it is possible to walk from here down to Marble Arch and onto Oxford Circus etc, however it's quite a way so make sure you are keen.  The hotel itself is a bit dated, our first room was about 4 miles from the elevator and actually had a set of stairs to go down and then up again to get into the door. This…",Date of stay: October 2014,4.0
2591,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2595-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel shame about the food,Decent size room for a London hotel and the décor absolutely fine. I ordered room service and received a doughy baguette which had seen much better days and a fruit salad in a glass so small you wouldn't even keep your toothbrush in. At £25 for the two dishes (including a £5 try charge) I expected much better.  The 6am morning call also never came.,Date of stay: April 2015,3.0
2592,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2595-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Amazing stay at Hilton Paddington,Just stayed at the Paddington Hilton for two nights. We were lucky to get the new GWR wing. On arrival our bags were taken to our room by concierge staff. We were escorted through to our rooms using the dedicated GWR lift. On arrival at the new wing we were amazed at the decor. No expense has been spared in the design or quality of materials used and this was just the corridor ! Our room was also amazing with all the facility's you would expect but also beautifully finished and spotless for our arrival. GWR rooms also give you exclusive access to the GWR lounge. As you would expect this is also beautifully designed and furnished. Staff in the lounge were very friendly and professional. Other benefits were complementary afternoon tea and evening drinks with canopies al served in…,Date of stay: April 2015,5.0
2593,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2595-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Its a ""choose your own adventure"" in this place.","I have rated many properties, some good, some bad.  I tend to try to stick to categories.  This hotel is very strange to me.  The cleaning staff seem to be efficient at getting things tidied up.  They also tend to go with some good deep cleaning as the hard to reach surfaces are clean as well.  The room I had was in good order and kept very clean.    The Front Desk staff are fairly efficient at handling tasks, however they have no empowerment so they have to go ask about everything.  If you need laundry service they will have to defer to a more sr person to handle it.  etc...    The executive lounge is run very well and the staff are all experts at service.  Kudos.  The hotel is renovating.  Rather than close off a floor, or section, they decided to renovate in the room next…",Date of stay: April 2015,3.0
2594,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2595-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,BEST LOCATION FRIENDLY STAFF,"Easy access from Airport, no wasting money on cabs , proximity - one minute walk- to Tube Station ,Food Stores and Chemist , superb breakfast is the reason I love staying here.Mario is the man to look for at the concierge - he knows London like the back of his hand.",Date of stay: April 2015,4.0
2595,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2600-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Good Location, Nice / comfortable room",Best about this hotel is its location. Very conveniently located at the paddington station. Nice comfortable room. Restaurant was nice though bit pricy. Hotel participated in Earth hour with enthusiasm and that was nice gesture.,Date of stay: March 2015,4.0
2596,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2600-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Five Star Service and Location,"This was a truly splendid holiday stay at one of London's most convenient luxury hotels. Want to be across the city in a few minutes' train time? You can't go wrong with being literally adjacent to Paddington Station - step fro[m the hotel to London's convenient train/Tube stop - without having to step outside. Fans of the classic children's book might think of the poor Paddington Bear left at the station - but in modern times, the station takes you every where you want to be.] Now the hotel is one of the more historic, but nicely appointed international Hilton locations. The concierge and bell staff was A-1 top notch, both for their service, and their knowledge of London and it's geography. All in all, I can't think of any better place for a holiday stay at London.The rooms…",Date of stay: December 2014,5.0
2597,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2600-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Very well run property,"This hotel is not in my usual London neighborhood but I booked here for the convenience of travelling companions.  Although I am Hilton loyalist in the U.S., this hotel (like most in London) is pricey and so I've usually stayed in smaller independent properties.  Now I'm spoiled.  The hotel is well run, immaculate and the service is spot-on.  I enjoyed certain perks because of my Hilton Honors status, but I believe that even without them, this is a solid, very pleasant place to stay.  It sits on top of Paddington Station, convenient for the Heathrow Express (another pricey convenience versus the Tube) and within walking distance of dozens of restaurants and shops.  Look for deals on booking sites and ask for a quiet room facing away from the street.",Date of stay: April 2015,5.0
2598,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2600-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Nice and Convenient Hotel,"Stayed at this hotel last June. I stayed at this hotel again as i would want to stay very close to Heathrow Express. I made the right decision because I actually overslept on my last day in London. Being close to the station had saved me from missing my flight home.  On checking in, the lady manning the front desk wasn't smiling at all. She didn't make you feel welcome. Everything was very robotic. On the positive note. I was pleasant surprised that my room was ready despite arriving at 9.30 am! Way to go guys!  The room was spacious, nice and comfortable. However, as I booked the hotel via hotels.com, I was not entitled to free wifi. I thought free wifi is a standard facility in any decent hotels nowadays. There were not bathrobe and slippers in the room. What I received was…",Date of stay: April 2015,4.0
2599,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2600-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,lovely stay,"Took grandchildren to London Paddington  for two nights in family room, lovely clean spacious room,executive lounge a bonus with children,Taxi is available outside hotel to take you into west-end etc,great location if travelling  by train, hope to go back again.",Date of stay: April 2015,4.0
2600,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2605-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Lovely food,"Went here for lunch, pricey but the food was really good especially the iced chalk pudding, only criticism is the pear could have been bigger but this is a personal choice, waiting staff really good. There when you want them and not when you don't. Will definitely go back.",Date of stay: April 2015,4.0
2601,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2605-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,No baggage service,"This time we weren't staying here, but have stayed many times before and am Hilton Silver. Came in for a meeting and asked to check a bag while at the hotel and was told rather curtly that bags could only be checked by hotel guests. Small issue but an example of really bad hospitality and customer service - shame, as normally so good here ...",Date of stay: April 2015,2.0
2602,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2605-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,What else is dirty,"Major disappointment with housekeeping services. Found these dirty used cups in room that were ""clean"" apparently by housekeeper standards because (s)he placed a white cover on them. Disgusting!  When I called guest relations, all she could offer is replace the cups...lady, what else is filthy and not replaced in the rooms beside the cups? Disappointing for an otherwise convenient location and hospitable front desk and concierge services...just need to get sanitary standards up to par for an old hotel.  ",Date of stay: April 2015,1.0
2603,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2605-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Easy Airport Access,"We booked this hotel because of the Heathrow Express.  It was a quick and inexpensive 15 minute train ride from the airport to the hotel. The hotel is attached to Paddington station.  It is also close to the tube, Hyde Park and Kensington. The hotel was nice and clean but the WORST Hilton property when it comes to customer service. We didn't have any problems with our stay but the employees were not very friendly and weren't able to answer even the most basic questions we had.  The concierge desk was the biggest joke.  They were horrible with directions, no maps, and couldn't even help us find a place to have dinner. Customer service needs to be improved greatly.  In addition, the tv stations offered were awful...compared to the last time we were in London and stayed at a…",Date of stay: April 2015,3.0
2604,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2605-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Two day visit.,Lovely staff and room. Only complaint was the English breakfast was luke warm. Lovely selection of continental. My wife lost her handbag and phone and was dealt with kindly and professionally and was retrieved next day. Service charge is expensive. One glass of 175 white wine £7.30. Service charges on wine as well.,Date of stay: March 2015,3.0
2605,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2610-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great service,"Service has had it was last minute as I had to take a train the next day at 5:19 AM so I walked into the hotel looking for a booking I spoke to Poonam who was extremely helpful and assisted me in booking a room as my Hilton app was not working for some reason. I had a lovely time at the hotel. a had a fantastic night sleep I will definitely be staying again when travelling, staying here made my commute to Cardiff the next morning extremely easy.",Date of stay: March 2015,5.0
2606,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2610-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Excellent Location,"The Hotel is very well located in London central, just North of Hyde Park. Easy access to the Tube, taxis or just walking. While the Hote restaurant facility could use better staff (a slow to respond and generally not engaged overall, the Hotel has an excellent concierge  and front desk staff. Even the general cleaning staff are very friendly and conscientious. I recommend this Hotel and feel that this facility provides very good accommodations for its' price range.",Date of stay: March 2015,4.0
2607,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2610-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Location better than the quality,"With Heathrow Express practically on your door step, this place is great if you want to be in the City but also just a short stop away from the airport. The hotel and rooms themselves aren't that good though but I guess that is secondary at times.",Date of stay: January 2015,3.0
2608,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2610-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Convenient location but Nigerian music event ruined sleep,"We booked this hotel as it is so convenient for the Heathrow Express. The hotel itself is fantastic and we were upgraded to a spacious executive room which was fabulous. Beds were very comfortable and having a flight to the U.S. The next day we were set for an early night, unfortunately at 1pm the music from an event being hosted downstairs was so loud that sleeping was impossible, after 3 calls to reception we were moved at 3am to a much smaller and shabbier room. We could still hear the music, until the event ended at 3.45am. We complained to the manager in the morning and were given a 30% discount, however we still paid a lot of money for a sleepless night. The Hilton could take lessons in customer service from Premier Inn who would have refunded the whole amount under their…",Date of stay: March 2015,2.0
2609,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2610-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Superb !,"This was our base for a few days with only being a stones throw from the station as well & did not disapoint, the staff were very welcoming from being greeted on the door to the efficent reception & the restaraunt area, the whole feel was of quality & was a great place to come back & relax in, the rooms were very clean & well appointed ie minibar, tv, ipoddoc, aircon, coffee making facilities, ironing board,wi fi, very comfortable bed etc etc  oh & even trouser press, shoe shine & ice maker in hallway ! Excellent food wise as you would expect from such a hotel, the breakfast was 1st class with a huge choice, we decided to eat in one evening & went for the Haddock & chips...WOW without doubt the best we have ever had anywhere !! complete with ""chip paper"" we usually travel round…",Date of stay: March 2015,5.0
2610,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2615-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Is the great location making them smug?,"There's no doubt that staying within walking distance of the Heathrow Express (and many other transport links) while being so close to central London is fantastic. For that reason we booked a client to stay there. (According to her, the room was fine and this review is not about the rooms) but the Steam Bar and reception areas are disappointing. Take for example the wine list, which is very short, with no premium bottles and those that are there at best average in quality. There is no incentive to use the location as a place to meet, chat and consume. It's probably why the hotel was full but the bar nearly empty. Try harder, Hilton!",Date of stay: March 2015,2.0
2611,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2615-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Best Location,"Right off Paddington Station, 15 minutes from Heathrow Airport by Heathrow Express and few minutes from downtown London, room was a bit small, but it had a ice machine next to elevator, that I liked. Breakfast was awesome and plenty of places to eat closed by................",Date of stay: March 2015,4.0
2612,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2615-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,great find,"stayed in the new GWR block  - top class, spacious rooms suite like with amazing features would highly recommend, the best £140 room I have found in London.  On top of Paddington station but amazingly quiet.  Usual Hilton buffet breakfast at a high standard.  Staff a little lacking need to learn to talk to customers not just stare at the computer screen, very odd but apart from this couldn't fault my experience.",Date of stay: March 2015,5.0
2613,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2615-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,hotel stay to entertain,"very plush hotel with friendly staff and great transport links. the breakfast was particularly nice with fresh hot food being constantly cooked. the reception staff were efficient and smiled all the way through booking in. the 'steam bar' is used a lot for private functions, so be prepared to be in the main area bar for an evening drink",Date of stay: March 2015,5.0
2614,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2615-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Not for drivers!,"I arrived by car, and the experience was unusual, to say the least.  There was no one outside the hotel (on a Saturday afternoon) to greet me, the street was under construction, and I was unable to drop off my luggage.  I called the hotel (from the street immediately in front of the hotel) and was directed to the Paddington Station car park several blocks away.  I had to carry my luggage all the way back to the hotel.  Bizarre, to say the least.  I gather that most guests arrive by rail, tube, or taxi.  All other aspects of the hotel were great - I had a large room, very refined and comfortable, breakfast was excellent, the concierge directed me to a good nearby pub, the internet speed was suitably fast, and it is very convenient to take the tube to see central London.",Date of stay: March 2015,4.0
2615,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2620-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Hilton Paddington,"If your flight arrives in London Heathrow, then this hotel is a good option to stay, since this hotel is connected to the Paddington station. There is a direct train service of Heathrow Express between LHR and Paddington.",Date of stay: March 2015,4.0
2616,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2620-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,A little luxury in a great location,"We enjoyed a weekend stay in one of the newly opened GWR Tower Rooms. These are executive style rooms with their own lifts and exclusive complimentary executive lounge (on the seventh floor but no view, sadly). The rooms offer space and comfort with smart décor featuring lots of sleek wood furniture, a large comfortable bed, large bathroom containing a separate toilet cubicle and separate shower cubicle with super-powerful shower, walk-in wardrobe, office-style work-station with USB and power sockets, sofa and easy chair. Very nice toiletries by Peter Thomas Roth. Disappointingly harsh towels were supplied but soft and generously sized bathrobes made up for this. The room and the lounge had no view to speak of but the location is great for the mainline station and the…",Date of stay: March 2015,5.0
2617,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2620-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Hilton London Paddington,"A wonderful hotel with a superb location for accessing mass transit to see London.  The staff was helpful and cheerful.  The location at the Paddington rail station offers a unique opportunity to step into the nostalgic bustle of the early 1900s!  Shops, restaurants, and even the Great Western Railway Band add to the experience!",Date of stay: March 2015,5.0
2618,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2620-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Lovely Hotel. Ideal if you'd like to see Central London,"Stayed in 1 of the GWR Tower Rooms. Check in was quick. Check in staff was helpful, guided me to the GWR Tower. There are a few steps on the way, so be careful if you're travelling heavy. The room was great, very clean and well laid out. The room is a great size compared to London standards. The room has plenty of space for storage, the walk in dresser is a comfortable size. The bathroom is large and was very clean and it stayed that way throughout the stay. The room has a lot of power sockets and direct USB connections. In room wifi was chargeable but worked perfectly and was quick. The bed is large and very comfortable. Breakfast was served in the GWR lounge and had a good selection. I would recommend the hotel to anyone visiting London. It's clean, quiet and convenient. The…",Date of stay: March 2015,5.0
2619,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2620-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great Hotel,"The hotel was very clean and the hotel staff was very knowledgeable and helpful. The Hilton above the train station which is very convenient.  The are plenty of places to eat under the Hilton.  I would recommend taking the red bus tour so you can see all the sights.  You can get on and off the bus whenever you want.  The bus runs every 15 minutes which allows you to get back on and runs to 7:30 I believe.  Make sure you have electrical adaptors so you can charge your electronics and use your blow dryer if you bring one.  You are better off using the ATM to get money, it cheaper than converting money.  I bought a phone and a rechargeable cards which is cheaper than using your own cell phone if you are from the US.  It cheaper to call than to texting.",Date of stay: March 2015,5.0
2620,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2625-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great location,"I arrived at  Heathrow and couldn't go to my next destination until the next day. The express to Paddington took 15 minutes and the Hylton is at the station. No need to heft heavy suitcases.  The hotel is typical of an anonymous American franchise. The rooms are featureless and the range of toiletries unexciting but it was clean and comfortable and gave me a good sleep after a long plane trip from Australia. Being at the station, it has a range of shops and eateries at hand  The street has some useful places to buy necessities as well as cheap restaurants.  I would stay here again if traveling to the UK.",Date of stay: February 2015,3.0
2621,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2625-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,fab you get what you pay for,No hassle got off train got lift right into hotel everything on your doorstep have stayed here 3 times now abd will most definatly be back why stay further away and need transfers and stress all transport is right here at the hotel with all fab restaurants and pubs shop and sightsee in the day and just chill in paddington in the night                                                             ,Date of stay: April 2014,5.0
2622,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2625-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Excellent Service,"I stayed at the Hilton Paddington recently for 2 nights.  I was delighted to learn that I had been upgraded to one of the new Tower Rooms in the hotel.  The room was lovely!  Large with great facilties which made the stay even more comfortable.  The service I received on check in was excellent.  I was checked in by George, who I have met on several occassions when I have stayed, and his approach to customer service is excellent!  He is always very helpful, cheerful and very willing to assist with any requests.  George is a real asset to the hotel!",Date of stay: March 2015,5.0
2623,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2625-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Luxury hotel in fab location!,"You can't get anywhere closer to stay when you hop off a train at Paddington! Luxurious looking hotel, clean, fresh and very comfortable beds. I alwasy stay here if I can whether for business or pleasure. Perfectly located for trains and underground and plenty of places to eat in the the immediate area.",Date of stay: March 2015,5.0
2624,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2625-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Location location location!,The Paddington Hilton is an excellent choice of london Hotel for many reasons. 15 min from Heathrow airport by the Heathrow express means that it is close.Paddington station not only is a key tune statiaation with access to most of the routes but marks the terminus to the West Courry.  The hotel has all the Hilton facilities and larger rooms than most London hotels because theis is a hotel with history- built by The old Great Western Railway and still reflecting the Art Deco designs of the 1930's. Restaurant and service is excellent too. A great choice.,Date of stay: March 2015,5.0
2625,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2630-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great location if you need to get to Heathrow early,"Best is the location of this hotel if you want to get to Heathrow.  Connects to Paddington station with a direct line to Heathrow.  Takes very little time to get to the airport (or to the hotel). If on business, I stay here, but if on holiday I prefer staying closer to the tourist areas which this is not.  Very quiet location on the weekend.  Plenty of restaurants to walk to, but it's a long walk to the main sites although you can take the tourist red bus and get on/off when you want.",Date of stay: March 2015,4.0
2626,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2630-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,A step back to the glory days of art deco,"At first I was miffed that, the rooms for conference at the Hilton Metropol were full and, as I trudged up the road dragging case and expo freebies, was not in a good mood. This changed immediately on arrival a the doorman took my case up the steps to the most glorious hotel I have ever stayed at. Restored beyond its former glory with style and taste I was transported back to the glory days of Titanic and high society flappers. The service, cleanliness and room facilites are first rate but visit for the architecture and design. Take the stairs instead of the glass fronted lifts and, in solitude, feel part of a bygone age.  The only shame is that the concierge thought it was all Victorian. Train your staff to sell the story Hilton.",None,5.0
2627,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2630-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Excellent service and attention to detail,"Three of us stayed at the Hilton the night before our daughter's 18th Birthday. We had a great stay and the attention of all staff was wonderful. The room was comfortable for the three of us, which was a nice surprise in a City. It was a great size for a London location. I had brought a cake to celebrate our daughter's birthday and was on my way to the general restaurant when I was intercepted by the duty manager. He brought us to the Exec restaurant for breakfast and a nice touch was when the staff and people around us joined in the singing of Happy Birthday. My daughter was so excited with this start to her day.  The breakfast quality was good and we will certainly stay again.",Date of stay: March 2015,5.0
2628,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2630-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Surprisingly good !,Had overnight stay here meeting a friend and stayed in the GWR Tower - very nice ! Bathroom was huge and shower was excellent. Included a visit to Executive Lounge which was also very good for light snacks/drinks in the evening and breakfast in the morning. Would recommend.,Date of stay: March 2015,5.0
2629,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2630-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Extremely convenient, surprisingly quiet","For business travelers, the hotel is extremely convenient.  The Paddington Express train from London Heathrow airport stops just outside the hotel lobby.  My room was extremely comfortable and accommodating and surprisingly very quiet.  The breakfasts were wonderful with a full compliment of what one expects at an English breakfast - cooked mushrooms, tomatoes, fried eggs, sausages, pudding, smoked fish, cheeses, fruits, yogurt, pastries and of course a pot of hot tea.   The only drawback to this fine hotel is the restroom in the main lobby - it is like a tiny closet, and smells extremely unpleasant inside.   After a long international flight, and express train ride to the hotel, it would have been more accommodating to have a larger and more inviting restroom.",Date of stay: March 2015,4.0
2630,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2635-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Pretty good,"Stayed whilst on business. Staff very friendly. Hotel and art deco style room very comfortable and spotless. Very good breakfast. However, could not get any hot water from the shower which was a slight let down. I would stay here again though. ",Date of stay: March 2015,4.0
2631,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2635-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Booked for convenience-pleasantly surprised. ,"We literally booked this as a pitstop before flying from Heathrow..... But it was actually quite good! I really liked our Art Deco style room and the bed was super comfortable we slept like babies. It's almost on the concourse for Paddington Station so you really can not beat the location if you're travelling on. Caution don't even touch the mini bar, it's pressure sensitive and you'll be charged the minute you lift anything out, and yes it is temptingly stacked with a huge range of booze and snacks but there's a seven eleven up the road for 1/4 the price!! Standard Hilton stuff. I don't think you'd stay here if you were staying in London it's not as vibrant and fun as an area, but a great stop over option or business hotel. ",Date of stay: January 2015,4.0
2632,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2635-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,One Word: Convenience,"We had a long layover in London and decided to stay here for the night and go to the theatre. The location of the hotel at Paddington Station is excellent if flying into or out of Heathrow. We took the Heathrow Express train and were at the hotel in 15 minutes. Time is money when you just have a short layover. Checkin was easy and we were upgraded to a better room. The Honors Lounge is very nice and had a great selection of food for breakfast the next morning. Our room was clean, comfortable, and provided a good night's sleep. Hopping on the train the next morning was too easy. It's a basic business class hotel, but be a great choice.",Date of stay: March 2015,4.0
2633,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2635-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Very clean hotel,"We stayed in a GWR Tower room, it was a good size room and very clean with a large bathroom, both bath and shower were big. The tower lounge was nice and peaceful and had a good selection of drinks & snacks. We ate breakfast in the main restaurant which was very clean and the breakfast food selection was good and well cooked. Unfortunately the Steam bar was still closed the weekend 14th/15th we were there even though advertised as only closed till the 13th. so we had to go elsewhere for drinks as the lounge bar area was not very warm. Staff were all very helpful and pleasant.",Date of stay: March 2015,5.0
2634,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2635-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great location,"Hotel  chosen for convenience. Quick check in and early as we arrived at 11.00 am. We had room 250  good sizero room overlooking the side entrance to Paddington Rail.Only stayed 1 night but was able to store luggage until we left at 7.00 pm . Very convenient for und er ground and after our theatre visit ,there were plenty of restaurants near the hotel  to choose from.Would consider again if only in London for 1 night",Date of stay: March 2015,5.0
2635,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2640-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Good option if you're travelling to or from Paddington Station,"Reasonable rate, decent sized rooms, comfortable beds and easy access to good facilities for eating & drinking in both the hotel and the train station. There is no hotel with easier access to any airport in London, with the Heathrow Express only taking 15 minutes from Paddington Station, so we will definitely stay here again.",Date of stay: March 2015,4.0
2636,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2640-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Convenient for meetings,"Attended business meeting and stayed overnight.   The hotel is very busy and the lobby/coffee lounge area full most of the time Good facilities for the meeting , easy to find on ground floor.   Good variety of choices for buffet lunch in the main Brasserie After the meeting finished, a good selection canapes and drinks were circulated round.      Room 272, on second floor, faced an 'inner' roof court so did not have much natural light but also did not have any noise from the main Praed street at night that some of my colleagues mentioned.   Double bed was comfortable and wi-fi worked well at desk Breakfast was the usual, but with a choice of freshly made omelette -.  Was also offered Cappucino coffee- a nice touch Wasn't able to get Hilton honours credit as the booking was made…",Date of stay: March 2015,3.0
2637,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2640-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Good for business trips, not more",Easy to reach from the heathrow express. Spacious room. relatively new. We had a business conference at the hotel and it was nice. the neighborhood is not the best...not appealing. Breakfast is good..,Date of stay: March 2015,4.0
2638,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2640-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great proximity to transit,"Pluses:   excellent location with respect to transit.  The hotel is literally attached to Paddington Station (yes, the namesake for Paddington Bear) with frequent, 20 minute speedy express train service to Heathrow Airport along with National Rail service to westward locations.  Additionally, Paddington is a stop on several tube lines (Circle, District, Bakerloo, and Hammersmith) so you're well-placed for either business or leisure.  Minuses:  Formerly a ""Great Western Railways"" hotel, it's now part of the Hilton chain, and has gotten a bit dowdy in advancing years: e.g. noticeably frayed carpeting in the central stairwell, a hodgepodge of decorating styles like 1980s light fixtures that clash with the original 1930s decor, battered lampshades in our room, etc.     Our matress…",Date of stay: March 2015,3.0
2639,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2640-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,A good stay!,"Absolutely great hotel! Underground just across the street. Warm spacious rooms with a large TV, iron, hairdryer and mini bar. Ordered room service twice. Excellent! Only thing letting it down was the breakfast we had was quite cold. Mini bar was also extremely overpriced. Other than that it was spot on and I would recommend! Also beds really comfy too!",Date of stay: January 2015,5.0
2640,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2645-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,This Hilton need a lot of work,Anyone who has ever read one of my previous reviews of a Hilton Hotel would be left in no doubt that I am a big fan of this hotel chain.  Which makes me rather sad to report of my experiences at the GWR Paddington last week. The room was fine and well equipped to Hilton’s standards but precious little else was. The staff were unsmiling and somewhat uninterested and not up to the usual standard of service found elsewhere. The breakfasts were quite the worst I have had in a Hilton hotel; you could have tiled a roof with the bacon and the selection of items seemed to be restricted to fewer than normal. Even the front of desk staff didn’t seem to be trained as well as other Hiltons but the very worst complaint was with the Executive Lounge. To give an example we were told that the…,Date of stay: March 2015,2.0
2641,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2645-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Very comfortable nice hotel in Paddington station,"My husband and I stayed in the hotel 3 night during a short visit in London. The Hilton is right inside the Paddington station, full access to all transportation, only an elevator from the London express train station to the hotel. Convenient access from and to Heathrow, even with heavy luggage. The room was very pleasant and comfortable with coffee, tea and water bottles for free. We had breakfast included; a full buffet, excellent meal that held us through the day. All service was good, we had a great stay. ",Date of stay: March 2015,4.0
2642,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2645-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Good Hotel In London,This is a very good hotel in London. Nearby Paddington station and easy acess to London town and also to airports. Easy to get muslim food nearby. Recommended to the family to stay in this hotel. The hotel is clean. The room size is acceptable. You can shopping for souvenir nearby this area.,Date of stay: March 2015,4.0
2643,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2645-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Average Hilton,"This is a great location to stay if need quick access to Paddington station. Among the Hiltons this is an average place mainly because of te same reason, it is in the Paddington neighborhood.  Hotel is big and busy. A had a nice room, it was spacious and very well kept and clean. Service was fine.",Date of stay: March 2015,3.0
2644,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2645-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Convenient Location, Friendly Staff, Nice Room","The location of this hotel is excellent for sightseeing and there's a myriad of restaurants nearby.  My room was quite nice - and I'm notoriously picky.  The appointments were fine and the bed comfortable.  No noise from the rooms on either side, but the hallway noise was rather annoying (which turned out to be staff no less!!)  The front desk staff and doorman were incredibly nice and welcoming.  My biggest complaint about this hotel was the smell - extremely musty.  Overall, convenient and I'd stay again.",Date of stay: March 2015,4.0
2645,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2650-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,value for money... consider it is London!,"I must say that I love the Hilton in Paddington, great room, great location making it accessible to many locations in London and of course just a minute away on foot to London Heathrow Express.  Had a weekend there and was pretty satisfied. They just need to work a bit on the awful food they serve at the Restaurant.",Date of stay: February 2015,4.0
2646,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2650-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Not the best Hilton but convenient,"Stayed here for a night primarily due to its convenient location.  Overall, it was fine for a night's stay but I was not impressed.  Being a Hilton Honors member, I stay at Hilton's quite often and know what to expect.  Here are some areas for improvement:  1) Mattress was probably the worst hotel mattress I have slept on for a 4-star branded hotel.  Felt the springs and the mattress pad was not thick enough.  Similar to a motel mattress.  2) Walls were incredibly thin.  Heard everything in the room next door to include when the phone alarm clock went off.  3) Temperature control in the room not working.  Turned it down to cold air as it was quite stuffy in the room, but it still sent out hot air.    Probably would not recommend this Hilton but others in London are not bad.",Date of stay: February 2015,3.0
2647,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2650-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Only stay here if you need instant access to Paddington Station,"Hotel overall is quite comfortable and looks nice: a standard updated Hilton. I was able to get free wifi since I booked through the Hilton website directly, but otherwise you have to pay for it and it isn't cheap. My one piece of advice is only stay at this hotel (in this area, in general) if you having easy access to Paddington Station is a must for you. I had one night in London and an early flight out the next day, so I booked this hotel given that it's connected to the station. If you are staying in London for longer, I suggest staying in a better location - although the tube station is directly across the street, which is convenient!",Date of stay: February 2015,3.0
2648,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2650-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great Location,"Popped over the London last Weekend for some retail therapy and stayed in the Hilton Hotel Paddington. Great location across the road from the tube station. Check in as always was very prompt and our room was upgraded. Room was perfect, clean bright and airy. Executive lounge was well stocked and staff here are a credit to the Hilton ethos. The only downside to our stay was our room was obviously located to the front of the hotel over the nightclub so at closing time on the Saturday night/ Sunday morning the noise level was probably at an unacceptable level. Other than that I can once again highly recommend this fabulous hotel right in the heart of London.",Date of stay: February 2015,4.0
2649,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2650-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,onvenient location for easy access to all areas of London,"Room good size, in good condition, comfortable bed, plenty of storage space for clothes,quiet room, bathroom in good condition, excellent shower.  One minute toPaddington tube and railway yet no awareness of this when in the hotel. Lots of eateries close by",Date of stay: February 2015,4.0
2650,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2655-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Pleasant stay,"My quick review of the hotel:  Location: strategic for Heathrow Express, food, shopping (Oxford Street which is a few minutes away by Bus or Tube) Check in: was very efficient and fast Room: Clean and adequately sized for 2 adults (2 single beds). Bathroom had all the amenities, hot water shower and bath worked perfectly. A luxury not to be taken for granted during the wintery months. Room was sufficiently heated too. Check out: was able to get late check out (for £20/hour) until 2pm.   All in all, I was very pleased with the stay and most definitely will return. Thank you Hilton Paddington!",Date of stay: February 2015,4.0
2651,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2655-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Hilton by name only ,"I stayed here as I needed to leave early from the train station. It is, as I say, a Hilton by name only. It's unrecognisable as a Hilton (save the annoying TV menu). Room was average at best, lobby was untidy and staff fairly average.   What is it with Hilton hotels in London? ",Date of stay: February 2015,2.0
2652,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2655-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Average Afternoon Tea,"My boyfriend and I came here for afternoon tea. We were given a Groupon voucher for Christmas and decided to book it.  Don't get me wrong, the food we were given was lovely. Tasty. But we had to ask for more refills of sandwiches and tea as the staff were not very attentive at all.  The hotel looked nice but the area where we had afternoon tea seemed cold and did not have much of an atmosphere, it seemed more of a hotel for business people and meetings.  Its ok, but average",Date of stay: February 2015,3.0
2653,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2655-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,New GWR tower wing!,The location is fantastic and the new  GWR Tower wing is very comfortable...as is the new executive lounge conveniently placed in the tower wing...rooms were comfortable and nice and warm....staff are very helpful and the food served in the executive lounge was tasty and plentiful.....we had a very relaxing overnight stay and would recommend the tower for convenience and location having rail and tube links seconds away from the hotel......excellent!,Date of stay: February 2015,4.0
2654,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2655-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Better stay there than in Heathrow,"The Hilton Paddington is at Paddington station, where the Heathrow Express arrives.  It is easier to go to this hotel than to many hotels in the Heathrow area.  Rooms are nice, tube connection perfect.  I was however surprised to hear that the Hilton Honors Lounge is reserved to Diamond members and not accessible to Gold members.  This is different than in many other Hiltons.  Do not expect any complementary drink vouchers.  We are here for business !",Date of stay: February 2015,4.0
2655,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2660-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Spot on for Everything,Excellent location attached to Paddington Station. Easy for getting around to local points of interest and especially Theatre Land. Food excellent and service good. Rooms very comfortable and what you would expect from a Hilton. Overall would recommend to anyone staying this side of London and good price.,Date of stay: February 2015,4.0
2656,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2660-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Paddington Hilton,"If you are arriving from London Heathrow and looking for a well placed hotel with a welcoming staff, this is the hotel.   Located just 15 minutes from LHR on central bus and train routes, this is a great location with a friendly staff.",Date of stay: February 2015,5.0
2657,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2660-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,excellent location,"the hotel has a excellent location and the service is quite good. When I came back from the Heathrow airport by train, I can easily find the hotel with few walks and the staff help me to clean fixing band on the suitcase patiently.",Date of stay: February 2015,5.0
2658,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2660-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,A high quality hotel nicely finished,"This a former Great Western Railway hotel and lots of period features around the hotel have been preserved. But the rooms are very much from today and very comfortable. I had an excellent stay. Even though my room overlooked the street in front of the hotel, the room was quiet. Very relaxing. Breakfast was the usual superb Hilton buffet.   A lovely hotel.",Date of stay: January 2015,5.0
2659,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2660-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Attached to Paddington Station,We stayed here for a night and it was a good choice for a night out in London. Being physically attached to Paddington station made it very convenient to get out for the night. The hotel itself was clean and our room was comfortable. We would stay here again if we head out for a show and late dinner in London. We paid £140 for the room plus breakfast and we felt this was a reasonable value for the quality.,Date of stay: January 2015,4.0
2660,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2665-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Lovely new wing,"Hilton have open a new section to this Hotel. Call GWR Tower it's all brand new and very stylish. the rooms are very well done and Modern and the Lounge is a nice touch for a quiet breakfast  , definitely worth a visit ",Date of stay: February 2015,5.0
2661,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2665-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great location,"This hotel at a great location in Paddington station, and is not affected by the train noise which is great. The rooms are fresh and clean, and the staff very helpful. I have passed it several times, I will now stay here more often. ",Date of stay: February 2015,4.0
2662,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2665-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Brilliant,"Having spent four weeks living in a slightly disappointing Hilton Doubletree, three nights back in a ""proper"" Hilton was such a great change.  Check-in was polite and rapid and I had a fantastic, high-ceilinged art deco room on the 6th floor, at the end of a corridor. The room was clean, comfortable, spacious and well equipped. It was also very quiet. I had access to the Exec Lounge, which was very comfortable with plenty of food and drink.  Service was good throughout - I ate in the lobby area one evening and got exactly what I asked for, which is always nice.  Overall, a really good stay and when corporate rates permit, I'll definitely be back.",Date of stay: February 2015,5.0
2663,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2665-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Location, location, location","We were only stopping one night in London after a brief trip home to my family for Christmas. So given the amount of Boxing Day Sales shopping going on, the closer to the Heathrow Express the better.  The room was very nice and a good size. Check-in was quick and our room was ready early. No real complaints, other than its expensive - but so is all off London!  If you staying longer you may want to expand your search, but if you want to be close to Paddington Station for the HEX then this is a very good option.",Date of stay: December 2014,5.0
2664,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2665-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Hilton Paddington,"Excellent location, clean room, good Internet. Paddington Express from LHR. Shopping all around. Near commerce and offices. Central location for trains and subway. Excellent taxi availability. sdius agiur=igjf]okg]fo okg]erkgv]eokr]",Date of stay: February 2015,4.0
2665,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2670-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,A Great Location,I chose this hotel as a stop off on my way from Sheffield to Heathrow. It proved to be an excellent choice. The location allowed me to catch the Heathrow Express very easily and access to the centre of London was just a short tube ride away. The room I was given as an upgrade was very pleasant overlooking an inner courtyard. The breakfast buffet was very good. The restaurants and pubs in the area gave a good choice for an evening meal. Ask Italian a short walk away provided a very good meal for a reasonable price.,Date of stay: February 2015,4.0
2666,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2670-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Very good location, good hotel with some issues","Stayed 1 night in late January and had a good experience. My room was quiet, on 5th floor, looking over Paddington station. No noise from trains or cars. Perfect to have a nice deep sleep.  The room was big enough for 1 or 2 adults. King bed was quite hard. Flat screen TV, minibar, free wifi (when I booked online with hilton) but signal was low and quite slow. Bathroom was nice but a little old style (need to be refreshed). The heater was not so hot in the room (set on maximum) while it was cold outside, this could be improved especially in winter time.  Breakfast buffet was included and it had a nice choice from fruits, cereals, eggs (not cook to order), bacon, toast, breads... Staff was nice and attentive too.  Easy access by tube or bus to central London. Bus is quicker to…",Date of stay: January 2015,4.0
2667,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2670-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Great location, but maintenance work noisy","Very close to Paddington station, direct access to station, the front part is a busy street and could be difficult to get a taxi but the conceriege is very helpful staff would get you a taxi while you wait. The bathroom was nice, big shower and very bright - this was the best. Hilton does not provide free WiFi but this hotel did, which was really appreciated.",Date of stay: February 2015,4.0
2668,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2670-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Value for Money at an Accesible Location,The London Hilton Paddington offers good value with the assurance of a trusted hotel brand and access to the train station and the  tube. The staff were very friendly and helpful. The room was clean and quiet.,Date of stay: February 2015,4.0
2669,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2670-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great hotel,"A night in London saw me booking this property for this time. There were excellent rates available online, and being connected to Paddington Station made the hotel very convenient. There is an entrance from the street, and also from the station, from which access is gained from the mezzanine level adjacent to the Paddington Bear gift shop.  Coming in from the station I noticed the entrance to the Executive Lounge first, and not knowing where reception was, checked in there. Only then going to the elevator did I discover that reception was the other side of the elevators.  Check in was friendly and efficient, but as I was checking in at the lounge, my paperwork was not ready (it was at reception!). But it was not a hardship and I was on my way swiftly.  The lifts are slow, and…",Date of stay: February 2015,4.0
2670,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2675-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Compleamentar stay,"We won a competition which was one nights stay and dinner at the hotel. Cosmetically the hotel is beautiful as was the room. However the service in the resturant was awful, it took over 40 minutes for our main to appear and we received no apologises, having sat in resturant for over 2 hours just to get our meal we were not happy then we retired to our room where a a constant din from some sort of fan kept us awake, at that point we gave up and checked out in the middle of the night and went home.",Date of stay: February 2015,1.0
2671,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2675-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,High priced hotel fails to deliver,"This Hilton relies on its adjency to Paddington Station and the Heathrow Express to charge above average rates for the neighbourhood. I used on-line check-in to preselect a room but was told on arrival that that room wasn't available and was moved to an inferior room where the window didn't open and the AC didn't function. I prepaid for breakfast but the breakfast room, which was supposed to open at 6:30 AM, was still closed at 6:40 and I was shunted off to a much more limited selection in the Executive Club. Requests for a credit went unanswered.",Date of stay: February 2015,3.0
2672,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2675-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great Location - Decent Hotel,"The hardest part for people from North America is to remember that we are spoiled maddly compared to what is considered 'nice' in Europe Hotels.  This hotel is no different.  Excellent location sitting along side the Paddington Train station making it a very simple 15 min commute to Heathrow on the Express.  Hotel itself is a bit dated, but what isn't in London.  The rooms for a paltry $500/night (249 GPB) are fairly basic.  Nice bathroom with good size tub.  Had a hard time getting hot water on two mornings, had to leave the shower running for 30 mins before it heated up.  Room itself is fairly small, with a queen sized bed and a suitable desk for working.  Had this been in NA I would have been very upset with the huge room costs, but when in Europe that is to be expected…",Date of stay: February 2015,3.0
2673,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2675-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Paddington Hilton,"Just stayed at the London paddington Hilton for 5 days on business.  The good.....location is central to getting around London, housekeeping was very good and timed their room cleaning really well to my conference schedule, front desk and management were great and the food was ok.  The bad......worst bed I have slept in for many years.  I travel extensively for business and leisure and the bed was a rock.  Overall. The property was ok, staff was excellent, housekeeping very good and food average.  The bar area was dark and dirty and not what a Hilton should have as their bar and cocktail area.  Special shout out to the manager on duty who helped my group change meeting rooms.  She was amazing.  I think her name was Pandooma?",Date of stay: February 2015,4.0
2674,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2675-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,What you'd expect from Hilton,"I've been travelling to Paddington since 1991 so remember the old GWR hotel very well. The new Tower block at the Hilton offers ""executive"" rooms, and they are worth a visit. They do require a bit of a trek to find them, though, and we had to ask two staff for directions on the way!They're expensive, but which 4/5 star hotel in London isn't, but they are also very new and well-fitted out. As we were only there for one night, I didn't take the time to look at every facility the room offered, but we were impressed with the bathroom, which came with a separate shower cubicle with two shower heads, and a separate lavatory. It seemed quite spacious with generous storage. Wifi was free to executive room users. The Executive Lounge, though, was closed for the night when we dropped by.…",Date of stay: February 2015,4.0
2675,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2680-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Convenient location,"Most convenient location for any tourist. One can reach directly from airport to Hotel Airport Export Train, which drops you just 50m from hotel. Worth staying in hotel. Rooms are very comfortable. Wide variety of food available. They do serve some specific varieties of India food. In case anyone wants to go for fast food, just drop in to the station platform. There is a convenience store. Several restaurants on walking distance",Date of stay: January 2015,4.0
2676,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2680-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Grazias Grazia,"I have been meaning to write this review since my son and I stayed at the Hilton to celebrate his birthday last October. Our stay was wonderful but what made it really, really special was all the help that Grazia gave us during our time there. She made sure that we had a wonderful room and was incredibly friendly and helpful. So a BIG thank you to you Grazia, and to the rest of the lovely staff at the Paddington Hilton :)",Date of stay: October 2014,5.0
2677,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2680-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Very good ,"Great location at Paddington station. Service was efficient and was pleasantly upgraded on arrival.  Room was in the new wing, was good size, well equipped and very modern, with large bathroom. Good attention to detail including USB plug sockets, decent coffee in the room and complimentary bottled water. Only niggle was service in the bar which when we wanted to order food we were told kitchen was only now doing room service (it was late).  We therefore wanted to order from room service menu to be delivered to bar, but bar waitress and reception couldn't produce a room service menu to order from. Overall very good room in good location.",Date of stay: January 2015,4.0
2678,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2680-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Not a value for money choice,"Hilton Paddington is a hotel with great location but relatively expensive comparing with service and condition of hotel.  The average cost per night is close to 300 pounds. If you don't have a lot of time to spend in London, you could spend one night in this hotel beacuse it is close to Heathrow airport express, training station, bus station, and tube station.",Date of stay: February 2015,3.0
2679,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2680-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,In Transit,Returning to Canada after a visit to the UK for a funeral I stayed 2 nights at this hotel as a stopping point on my way to Heathrow. It proved an excellent choice. The location adjacent to the Heathrow Express permits a speedy trip to the airport. Restaurants and pubs in the area are very convenient located within walking distance. The buffet breakfast in the hotel is also excellent.,Date of stay: February 2015,5.0
2680,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2685-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Stay @ GWR Tower Wing,"Took advantage of the offer for a room in the newly refurbed GWR Tower Wing...also used the on line check in which is a new Hilton feature and you get the opportunity to select which room you would like. I stayed with the offered room 206 which was opposite the exec lounge, handy and was not disturbed with any passing traffic. Room was nicely refurbed in a classic art deco style but I was disappointed with the size overall - the illustrated rooms which I thought I would be getting and which looked a lot larger did not materialise. Good nights sleep in a very comfortable bed and the bathroom was also excellent with a seperate walk in shower and tub and well lit. Amenities were ok but no I pod dock and the tv was a nightmare as it kept shutting down. Also had to place our one…",Date of stay: February 2015,4.0
2681,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2685-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Handy for Heathrow,"This place is extremely handy for the Heathrow express which is why we chose it. You actually don't even need go outside to get into Paddington station.  I have stayed here previously in the standard rooms which are as you would expect from a reasonable hilton hotel. This time I was upgraded to one of the new tower rooms on arrival. It is a fair trek from reception to the tower rooms so be prepared for a walk if this is your room style. Eventually after arriving I was pleasantly surprised to see the little quirks of the room. Larger floor space, walk in dressing area which can be closed off from the main room, separate bath and shower. Little touches but make the difference.  The service in the hotel was, as always, faultless. Check in and out was easy and no issues.  One bad…",Date of stay: February 2015,4.0
2682,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2685-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Not what I expected,"I know London is pricey and I'm aware having the hotel in a good location can mean anything there, but you don't get the value you pay at this hotel. Rooms is as expected tight, but the very least is new furniture and a decent bathroom both of which you won't find here. I admit breakfast is good and location is comfortable but I'm not impressed by Hilton. ",Date of stay: February 2015,3.0
2683,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2685-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Good hotel, excellent access to transportation","I visited the hotel for a short business trip. The hotel is clean and generally well kept. Breakfast was good. The rooms were relatively (to London standards) spacious, and comfortable. This is a romantic-style hotel, so do not expect a trendy modern look, but rather the classic 70s-80s style. The best aspect of this hotel is its excellent access to Heathrow (20-minute Train leaving every 15 minutes) and to the city center via tube (Bakerloo line gets you there in 10 minutes).  An excellent choice for business trips and couples.",Date of stay: February 2015,4.0
2684,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2685-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Not really a Hilton,I stayed here one night on business. I had a good stay but it's not the quality that I would expect from a Hilton. It can be described as a train station version of a Hilton. The location is good as it's right at the entrance of Paddington station. It's not on a nice street though.   The service was friendly. When I entered I was greeted by several employees. The main desk was busy so they told me I could check in at the executive room in the back. I arrived at 9am and they had a room ready for me which was nice. When I arrived the lobby and restaurant were super busy. It seems like they have conferences there.   My room was a good size but a bit dated in terms of decor. The bathroom had a full bath but was pretty utilitarian looking. Lots of toiletries though. I ordered some…,Date of stay: February 2015,3.0
2685,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2690-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Excellent Location,"I stayed here on three consecutive weeks during January 2015 and was impressed with the hotel.  It is connected to Paddington station so convenient to get to although finding the back door from the station is a bit of a struggle the first time you do it - you can get to this hotel in 15 minutes from Heathrow on the express train which is perfect really.  The rooms are clean and of a high standard as you would expect from a Hilton.  I didn't try any of the catering or bar facilities so cannot comment on them.  The wifi can be a bit hit & miss depending on what room you are in, for two of the three stays I was given a wifi password, the third trip I was told I could only use wifi in the lobby which was strange.",Date of stay: January 2015,4.0
2686,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2690-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,A classic business-oriented hotel at a prime location extended warmth and care to us,"It's my 5th stay at this hotel ; always impressed by its such a conveniently located area - just next to the Paddington Heathrow Express Station, 23 min by train from the Heathrow Int'l Airport of London.  My friend's birthday is on 13 Nov and I have forgotten to order a b-day cake to celebrate with her during our stay at the hotel ; but then when I casually asked someone in the executive lounge for a candle, a female staff named Elena there, immediately getting very enthusiastic, helpful and friendly and suggested to ask to the kitchen chef to do something to help and also asked for my friend's name.  I then ""sit back and relax"" and continued to chat with my friend ; and then suddenly Elena and her team comes with a plate with a little nice piece of cake (with my friend's name…",Date of stay: November 2014,4.0
2687,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2690-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Very good but no cigar!,"Ok, so we stay in London a lot and normally book a cheap hotel. This time we booked late so took advantage of the fact we got a £290 room for £184  It's also a Hilton hotel, so expectations are high. It was good believe me, the service was second to none. We asked for early check in and got it. The room was amazing.  But it was the little points. A family room with 2 tea bags on the tray, one white sugar and only decaf coffee. Also the shower was, well cool at best.   Everything else was awesome. Until breakfast.  Cold plates even though they came off the hot server. A waitress that did not understand we wanted a pot of tea, not a pot of hot water and 2 tea bags (again) Just seemed like because we were British we were not catered for.  But it was superb, except for the little…",Date of stay: February 2015,4.0
2688,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2690-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Loved it!,"I am hesitant to leave such a good review in case it makes it harder for me to book in again!  Loved this place.  I booked online and arrived about an hour later, no issues at all.  Staff incredibly friendly - really a standout team in particular the Bell Desk.  The location is unbeatable, connected directly to the station and a fantastic option when using the Heathrow Express.  Quiet, clean and convenient.  TIP for the hotel: Please tell your guests when they check in that you are connected to the train station and show them as it was only late in my stay I worked this out as the connection is quite hidden.",Date of stay: January 2015,5.0
2689,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2690-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Ok,"Interesting check in, the online check in was offered and we took advantage of that and chose a room.  The receptionist was cold & aloof, not a good first impression of a normally great chain. The room we chose online was not what we were expecting, nothing wrong with it, but it was an accessible room with a roll in shower - perhaps Hilton should flag these rooms for guests who would prefer them? It didn't suit us and we were moved quickly and with no problem. Location is excellent for Paddington / Heathrow. Bar is terrible - needs a refurbishment, the seats are moth eaten and not really something one would like to sit on!  Could do better with the branding influence. Breakfast in the room was outstanding, great quality, well served, worth the upgrade to the B&B price. All in…",Date of stay: January 2015,3.0
2690,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2695-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,It's Good and It Makes Sense,"Having a morning flight out of Heathrow, I thought it would make sense to stay at the Hilton London Paddington the night before. I'm glad I trusted my instincts. Not only was it perfect for having a somewhat leisurely morning, it would have been excellent anyway. (Although there's not a whole lot to do in the neighborhood.)  Check-in was prompt and friendly. I was assigned a very nice, spacious room. Comfortable with excellent amenities. I treated myself to a hot bath in the morning since I had the extra time.  The hotel is vast, and its size is based on horizontal rather than vertical building. It was an amazing hike to my room. But no real complaint about that. The nice room awaiting me was worth the walk.  With an upgraded room, I also had entry to the Executive Lounge for…",Date of stay: January 2015,5.0
2691,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2695-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Excellent hotel and great location,I booked with Hilton.com and got a complementary upgrade. My rate included b/fast. The room was clean and high quality layout. Staff were friendly and its a hotel I will use again. Access to Hyde Park and excellent restaurants nearby. Super,Date of stay: January 2015,5.0
2692,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2695-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Afternoon tea,"On 27th jan myself and three friends went to the Hilton paddington, we was all disappointed, our tea had tbags and very weak,the sugar was in paper packets,the sandwiches looked like tesco sliced bread,the cakes were very nice.  It lacked class we could have been in a cafe. Our table was small and no table cloth. There were several people on there lap tops in the same area. I would recommend this hotel for afternoon tea.",Date of stay: January 2015,1.0
2693,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2695-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Convenient location,"This is a great hotel to stay at when you are traveling into London. Right above the Heathrow Express it makes travel to and from the airport very convenient and easy. In spite of its location in the heart of London, I found it to be very quiet and restful.",Date of stay: January 2015,4.0
2694,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2695-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great Customer Service,"I visit London more frequently, and I always stay in Hilton Paddington. Last time was from Jan 15-Jan 21, 2015. I really spent wonderful time. Great customer service especially the duty manager Rakesh. He is very helpful, taking care of the guests. I definitely recommend this hotel. in addition to that, it's located in a good area where everything is available and close by, oxford st, hyde Park. Aziz",Date of stay: January 2015,5.0
2695,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2700-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great stay for NYE,"I stayed here for one night on New Year's Eve using Hilton points.  It was a nearly flawless stay and great value.  Location is perfect - 15 min to LHR T1/T2/T3 (20 min to Terminal 5) and right on the tube.  Very solid (but not spectacular) breakfast.  Executive lounge had a nice variety of complimentary food and drink.  Given it was NYE, the lobby got pretty noisy but it was very quiet in the room.  Nice turn-down service with a glass of nuts and apple juice.  Would likely stay again if returning to London.  Minor drawback: Some of the rooms (including mine) are far from the elevators, so that may be an issue for some.",Date of stay: December 2014,5.0
2696,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2700-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Delightful hotel, and helpful staff","I stayed here twice on recent trip to London, UK.  Convenient location for Heathrow Express.  The room was spacious  top notch, and very clean.   Kudos to housekeeping.  Executive staff lounge, well stocked and staff were friendly, Sylvia was  especially helpful.  Breakfast offered many choices, which was nice, thought it was much pretty much the same thing every day, which becomes mundane after a few days. Great service by all staff in this area.  The hotel was recommended to me by a business colleague, and having stayed at other hotels in London previously,   I'll be back.  Also, on the odd occassion you may get a hot spurt of water in the shower, but it's momentary and really not an issue.",Date of stay: January 2015,4.0
2697,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2700-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,I love this hotel,"My husband and I love staying here, our favourite of all the Hilton's we have visited. Fantastic location, very comfortable/clean rooms and wonderful breakfast with plenty of choice. Nothing more you could possibly want.",Date of stay: February 2014,5.0
2698,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2700-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great stay - but disappointed with the billing,Booked a room including breakfast but was added again to the invoice... It was removed on checkout then they still added it again after we left and didn't tell us. That said the room was outstanding. Breakfasts in the room was amazing. ,Date of stay: January 2015,5.0
2699,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2700-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,very handy place to stay,"Good quality hotel for a business stay in London if using  Heathrow Airport. Staff efficient and friendly. Room spacious, well fitted out and clean. Executive lounge well supplied with great breakfast.",Date of stay: January 2015,4.0
2700,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2705-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,However won't come back.....,"This hotel has so many good points was ready to give the place 110% when we checked in, wouldnt even let my partner or his son sit on the bed until I took a picture! Check in was speedy, our luggae was carried to our room, and when we entered it was immaculate. Wonderful bed and additional bed made up for the 9yrold. Complimentry teas and coffee was plenty full, as was the mini bar (of course did not touch that though eek!) And lovely bathroom, couldnt find a fault to begin with, However I will explain on check in a £150 deposit had to be paid if we used anythig from the mini bar, room service etc, to be expected. Mty partner used his travellers card and it declined, strange he topped it up 2 days ago. In the room we checked on line and noticed the hotel had charged twice.…",Date of stay: January 2015,4.0
2701,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2705-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Good location - Bit slow of the service...,"If you travel to the UK often, and need to get to London, then this is very easy. Staight on the Heathrow express and you can be in your room in no time. The gym was OK, room was quiet and wi fi worked well.   Negatives? If you sit in the lobby the service is very slow, and note to Management, the breakfast staff was terrible...I do not like chasing waiters for a cup of tea. I did complain when the £44 (two people) was presented, and this was given s shrug of the shoulders......",Date of stay: January 2015,3.0
2702,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2705-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Comfortable hotel,"Stay for a weekend 16-18th Jan 2015. Great location for arrival at Paddington... no lugging cases across the city. Straight off train into hotel. Reception very friendly and into our room within minutes. Room spacious (compared to many others), very comfortable. Bathroom looked a little tired and shower took a long time to warm up.  On leaving, we checked out and went to leave our luggage with the concierge, our cases were taken but before we could be given our receipt an American interrupted the porter dealing with us and rather than finish with us he proceeded to assist the American and left us standing there like fool.... not happy. Not what you'd expect from a 4 star establishment. .",Date of stay: January 2015,4.0
2703,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2705-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great location. Ok otherwise ,Stayed for a couple of nights for work. Large busy hotel on top of London Paddington station. Obviously great location for LONDON and Heathrow.  Comfortable room on then6th floor so was reasonably quiet considering location.  Breakfast ok with a reasonable selection. Coffee could be better.  Check and check out process ok.   Ask for a station view is slightly quieter and nice view at night.  ,Date of stay: October 2014,4.0
2704,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2705-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,WOW!,"I must say... And entirely WOW experience staying here..!! Was traveling alone; stayed there for a couple of days... The staff, and the service really blew mind mind away and did a fantastic job... Begun the day with an amazing breakfast... Enjoyed the lunch too!  On a separate note.. The service in the lounge is also fantastic...  Thank u very much HILTON..!!!! :)",Date of stay: November 2014,5.0
2705,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2710-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,VERY convenient from the Airport and right next to the Metro Stop,"We had a 3 day holiday in London so we had to be time efficient.  We flew in and took the airport train directly to Paddington Station, got off the train, walked past the snack shop and into the Hilton.  It is quiet despite the location, with a convenient restaurant and bar and traditional rooms.  the staff was very helpful and we went in for breakfast and were taken care of despite our very early arrival.  It is right above the Metro stop where we jumped on the Metro and went to see the attractions.  It was was absolutely great to not waste time with travel and Taxis and the rooms very nice.  Highly recommended.",Date of stay: February 2014,5.0
2706,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2710-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Wanted to like this hotel so very much,"I visit London a fair bit, and with United Airlines moving to Terminal 2, the Hilton Hotel at Terminal 4 is not as convenient (as when United flew out of Terminal 4).  I have tried staying at the hotels near Terminal 2, but there is a fee for the shuttle to the terminals.  I had noticed on my last couple of trips that there was a Hilton Hotel right at Paddington Station where the Heathrow Express arrives/departs.  I looked at the pricing and it was pricey (it is in London after all) in comparison to the Heathrow hotels.  The day I needed a room the price for a twin room with breakfast was very reasonable - some winter break special.  I arrived before the check-in time and I was going to leave my luggage as I wanted to walk to Regents Park and Baker Street, but they had a room…",Date of stay: January 2015,3.0
2707,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2710-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,need to do better,"although the hotel was clean and comfortable the breakfast is in need of improvement.first day went down at 8,30 not much left to choose from and was cold.day 2 nwent down at 7,30 plenty of choice but was cold, and the coffee was cold was served by the waiter.",Date of stay: January 2015,3.0
2708,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2710-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Good value and a good hotel.,"Just had a mini break in London - stayed at this hotel.  Big, traditional hotel, very good rooms, excellent breakfast and friendly staff - can't fault it - particularly at the price in London.  The hotel is well situated close to main line station and tube.  Highly recommended for a good value break - well done Hilton!",Date of stay: January 2015,4.0
2709,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2710-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Perfect location for early or late Heathrow Express,"Much better than spending the night at Heathrow hotels. Really handy for good restaurants for last night dinner before heading back to the states. Hilton was clean, efficient, decent room size for London, very helpful concierge. Easy Underground connections to St. Pancras and Kings Cross stations. Huge variety of local restaurants for every budget. Good walk to Hyde Park. Hilton services without bland highrise scale. Make sure your cab driver doesn't confuse Hilton London Paddington with Hilton Metropole which is about an eight to 10 minute walk away. Very quiet if you select a room in the back. we had #322.",Date of stay: January 2015,4.0
2710,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2715-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Very nice Hilton in ideal location for travellers, but £15 for wifi :-(","Coming or leaving via Heathrow and possibly having to catch a train to/from Paddington, this should be your choice. From Heathrow with the Express youre in your room within 40-60 minutes after touch down. And on top its an excellent hotel, Hilton style, with large room (at least the ones I`ve had), nice bathroom, all amenities as expected etc etc. If you dont fancy staying in, the Paddington area has plenty on offer, and of course the rest of London is a quick tuberide away. Big letdown is £15 pr 24 hrs for wifi access. Shameful these days!!",Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
2711,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2715-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Excellent family stay in London!,"We stayed for 4 nights on a family holiday to London. Area isn't that great but the hotel is right across from the tube station and is directly linked to the train station. We had a great time, Hotel was brilliant. We had breakfast and use of the Executive Lounge included. The lounge is excellent, happy hour 6-8.30pm. Drinks and food are all laid out, help yourself. This saved us a lot on food and drink. We had a 25% promo when we booked also. Would recommend to anyone.",Date of stay: January 2015,5.0
2712,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2715-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Hilton paddington London,"good facility ,very good staff  Nice lobby good comfortable rooms Very good breakfast tasty . Good location very good accesses to city center and airport through fast train main train station walking distance",Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
2713,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2715-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,A short break to winter wonderland,"This Hotel was in a great location, the buses were just 2mins up the road where you could jump on and go to Hyde park and oxford street which took 5 to 10 mins depending on traffic. The tube station is next to the hotel. The rooms were very nice, although for £175 per night i would have expected hot chocolate in the room. Breakfast was very good with a great choice to suit all. We went out to eat and found a really nice indian restaurant Ryath Halal only 5 min walk from the hotel.",Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
2714,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2715-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Just perfect,Checked in at 9am which is on its own brilliant and they did not charge! Got upgraded too as have been before! Room lovely and breakfast was spot on! Great place obviously if you are travelling from padding ton and their storage room is fab to leave you luggage to pick up before your train home! Couldn't fault it and will use again. BTW the staff are all so happy and welcoming! ,Date of stay: January 2015,5.0
2715,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2720-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Excellent Location! Would stay here again!!,"One of the 1st things I look at when reserving a hotel is public transportation to and from the airport. This was the perfect place for us! From Heathrow, we caught the Heathrow Express, which brought us to the Paddington Rail Station. It only takes 15 minutes. This Hilton is connected directly to the station, which was extremely convenient, since we each had 2 suitcases with us. We didn't even have to go outside! Also a Paddington Bear fan, so loved the Paddington Bear store, bronze statue, and bench all at the station. I would stay here again. (Got the Heathrow Express tickets ahead online for a discount.) There's also free wifi if you book through the Hilton site. Loved London!!",Date of stay: January 2015,5.0
2716,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2720-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Fantastic New Year Eve!,"Recently we had out New year eve held at Hilton Paddington with friends and family. I was was very impressed the food and the service we received. The mutton in particular was awesome.  The hospitality was great, clean toilets and waiters were making all arrangements very nicely. They infact made sure that the toddlers stay safe and were friendly. The infrastructure is well balanced and being close to the major train station it was far easy to commute late night.  Its defo. a good place to hang around!",Date of stay: December 2014,5.0
2717,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2720-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Nice hotel, good location, good service","This Hilton is very conveniently located, from Paddington you can easily get to many places in London. The hotel is rather large and busy, but the service is excellent. the rooms are comfortable as are the beds, the rooms are a bit small, but typical for Europe.",Date of stay: November 2014,4.0
2718,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2720-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Convenience Trumps All,The prize of this property is its location next to Paddington Station -- and its gateway to the British Rail system.  The rooms are clean and tidy. The noise level is low.  Be careful when booking to ensure that you print out evidence that wifi is included -- the front desk wanted to charge me quibbling that wifi was mentioned in the room description but not complimentary. Bogus. ,Date of stay: January 2015,2.0
2719,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2720-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Very lovely hotel with Continental Charm,"All the comforts that you would expect from the name Hilton.  The room was large and unexpectedly very high ceiling, a sense of living in a palace!  I have never heard so much Italian being spoken in this hotel. Staffs have excellent language skills in many languages. Perhaps a great place to even learning an European language by being in the hotel foyer!  The breakfast was absolutely amazing, a charming place to start a day. The Breakfast chef was a very well-learned man from Poland. i would certainly return to this Hilton Hotel again an again!",Date of stay: January 2015,5.0
2720,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2725-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Noisy, Cold Room",Booked a DOUBLE HILTON DELUXE room to find it was cold. I asked and got a heater but the person who brought it seemed to have known that the heating was not working - so why allocate the room in the first place?  Then it became clear there was an incessant rattling noise from a duct in the corner of the room tha continued all night.  Other niggles - asked for 2 bathrobes - it took 1.5hours and two visits for these to be delivered. Breakfast in room - cold toast and no butter.  All in all a dismal experience.,Date of stay: January 2015,2.0
2721,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2725-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great location but service is average,"Excellent location - very convenient in and out from the London. However, service is OK for example: Wake-up call was not at requested time: 90mins late and late for the meeting. Phone calls are really expensive: 3 pounds/minute.  Expensive Internet.",Date of stay: January 2015,3.0
2722,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2725-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Lovely hotel at an excellent location,"Been here for a week during Christmas. Location is excellent, above Paddington station from where you have a variety of ways to travel (tube, taxi, bus, train). Many shops in the station stay open until late, you can have something to eat at any time you want.  The room was fabulous, very big for UK standards. Bed was very comfortable, There is a shower and a bath. Use the shower, it's better. There is free coffee and tea if you want to make. we had a view to the south, from where you could see the Winterland in Hyde Park. Very clean and luxurious overall, typical Hilton quality, Cleaning staff come twice a day and ask if you want new towels etc. They also provide free water every day, which was very welcome.  Negatives: The queue for breakfast can be very long, avoid if you can…",Date of stay: December 2014,5.0
2723,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2725-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Hilton Paddington - What a great experience!,"My family recently stayed at the Hilton Paddington in London over the Christmas holidays. It was a terrific experience and we would absolutely stay at this hotel again,  The rooms were large, very clean, and quiet!  The hotel staff was extremely polite and took care of our requests, inlcuding storing our luggage for hours while we continued to shop.  The hotel was beautifully decorated for the holidays as well, and was a very warm and inviting lobby.  In addition, if you travel in through Paddington station, you do not even need to go outside to enter the hotel!  The entrance is literally inside the sation, making it very convenient to get to.  I would highly recommend this hotel for its value, service, quality, and location! We'll be back!",Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
2724,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2725-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,My favorite London hotel,"Heathrow then via express direct to Paddington and then the experience begins. The staff are businesslike but with a friendly atmosphere throughout. I love the mural heading to the first floor. It reminds of some of the good andthe great that have passed through this hotel which was the London end of the line for Great Western Railways. Their emblem remains even though hilton have updated it. Taking tea with a view of the hustle and bustle of the station is a must for people watchers like me. The service was superb hence the 5 stars. Everyone wated to make ourtay a pleasure and it was. They missed my 6am early call on the last day. I wish i had i enjoyed my repeat stay. If its convenience you want, it is  clean and comfortable room, if its just a smile and a nod from staff then…",Date of stay: January 2015,5.0
2725,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2730-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,New year party 2014/15,A fabulous event in all aspects....What a lovely way to welcome the new year....... Lovely food and Great service.  No parking at the hotel but plenty of free parking on surrounding streets after 6.30pm.   Highly Recommended.,Date of stay: December 2014,5.0
2726,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2730-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great Hotel,"What a wonderful hotel and location. Located near a major Tube terminal which makes it easy to get anywhere quickly in London. Hotel was very nice, clean and staff was exceptional. We'll definitely stay here next time we're in London.",Date of stay: December 2014,5.0
2727,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2730-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great location and convenient to Heathrow,"Stayed at this hotel on a business trip and I was amazed at how convenient it is to access from Heathrow.  Took the Heathrow Express to Paddington Station, which lets you out right under this hotel.  Made it from the plane to my room in one hour.  Nice restaurants within walking distance too.  Convenient to my business meetings so I'd definitely stay here again.",Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
2728,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2730-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,One night stand to repeat,"After a horrendous journey to arrive at the hotel was a delight. Comfortable, cheery and clean ... in no time felt right at home. So the room was small but it was only for one night and the bed very comfortable. Location was great for our purposes and the Concierge the most helpful I've met in many travels. All his recommendations scored!",Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
2729,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2730-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Good hotel, solid Hilton experience","I often stay at the Paddington Hilton because of its convenience -- it is upstairs from the Heathrow Express stop and Paddington train station, and one minute away from Paddington tube stop on multiple tube lines.  But the hotel itself is pretty good as well.  Good breakfast buffet, good service.  Gym is better than many hotel gyms (two rooms -- one for aerobic, one for weights), and they serve drinks and food downstairs most of the evening.  It is walking distance from multiple good restaurants (Italian, Indian, Lebanese, etc).  Rooms are pretty quiet.  The staff working the hotel are very friendly and helpful.  Wifi is free (for Hilton Gold and above) and gym is free as well.  The only negative that I'd have is that I can never get the room temperature the way I want it --  it…",Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
2730,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2735-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Room needs maintenance,"Stayed here for New Years Eve.   Staff were friendly and helpful (all of the ones we passed, no matter where we were within the hotel, said ""Good Evening/Morning"").   We had asked for a quiet room and were placed in the 6th/top floor, which was completely silent (except for an inconsiderate guest that passed our door talking loudly at 5:30am, which of course isn't the hotel's fault) so I was pleased, as there was loud music playing (until early hours) in the lobby/1st floor (NYE party I think) that could be heard on several lower levels (and had read in reviews that, for some rooms, train noise was a problem).   Connection to station was great when we arrived to check in, however it was slightly annoying to find it inaccessible when returning at 1:30am (only a minor quibble,…",Date of stay: December 2014,2.0
2731,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2735-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Not interested in customer service,"Room was cold no heating kept reporting it but no one ever came to fix it. No hot water unable to have shower, gave up waiting for eggs and coffee at breakfast. When issues raised with staff they are not interested in following up. I wrote to hilton and got a unhelpful reply thanking me for my comments.",Date of stay: December 2014,1.0
2732,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2735-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Hhonors status means nothing here,"We changed our reservation from the Conrad St James to the Hilton London Paddington mainly for the convenience of Paddington train station. The stay was reasonably priced at £116 per night (bargain considering I've seen in the mid £200 - £300 regularly!)   Having stayed here previously, we had a large corner room overlooking the street (although we did have to argue for Lounge access - standard for Diamond members), we expected a similar standard of room this stay... Wrong!   As common with every other Hilton hotel in the world I usually get upgraded to at least an Executive room, however Hhonors Diamond status at this property doesn't get you that benefit. We got given a room 1/4 of the size of our last overlooking the roof of the station! When we asked for a better room we…",Date of stay: January 2015,2.0
2733,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2735-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Not a service orientated hotel,"I only stayed here for one night during my Europe trip. Hotel has a great location, right in the paddington train station, great access to Heathrow Express service. There are supermarkets, shops and restaurants at the train station, very easy to access.  Hotel staff are not friendly and helpful in general. They are from all departments, breakfast staff in particular. I have to ask three time with three different staff to get my coffee. Staff are unhappy in general, at least I get the feeling from them! The only exception is the staff checked me in, and she is a trainee!  Room is pretty small and dated. The bed is comfortable for a night sleep. Bathroom is pretty old and basic. I was on the top floor so there is no noise from the train station. But when I come back after mid…",Date of stay: January 2015,3.0
2734,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2735-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Hilton Paddington London,The quality of the hotel is very good.Its location next to the tube station is really useful. The breakfast is delicious. François Xavier took  exceptional care of me Its really pleasant. I strongly recommend this hotel.,Date of stay: December 2014,5.0
2735,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2740-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Good hotel, Great location",Room was fine.  Actually bigger than expected.  Quiet and clean.  Free wifi in lobby only.  Very conveniently located next to train station and across street from subway. Take Heathrow Express train from airport for easy trip in.,Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
2736,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2740-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great service,"I held my quarterly business meeting metting here over three days. Galaya and Laura took exceptional care of us and esured everthing ran like clockwork, in addition the rooms food and quality of the hotel was very good. ",Date of stay: November 2014,4.0
2737,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2740-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Hilton Paddington London,"The Hilton Paddington is a lovely, if old hotel.Its location next to the tube station is fantastic especially after a long tiring day full of sightseeing.The suite size was exceptional,the sofabed in the living room actually makes the suite as if 2 bedrooms,which is ideal for a family.The service is excellent.The breakfast is delicious and full of different varieties.I strongly recommend this hotel.",Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
2738,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2740-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Super location for Heathrow Express,"If you arrive/depart London by Heathrow Express, this hotel has a fantastic location.   If you are in London for shopping, concerts, theaters, museums etc, the Paddington Area is not the place to be.  I The hotel is typical Hilton, a little boring but very good. We had an Executive Room., 204. The  room is spacious, and the bathroom large and very good. However, for some reason or other, they seem to have decided to save on shampoo and Conditioner. We got only a small 'bottle' each pr day,. That is not enough for two people. When we asked we got an extra set, but that should be unnecessary.  The bed was very firm.  The Wiifi was not good. The signal strength in the room was not good enough for my old iPad. OK for my wifes iPad Air. A most annoying feature with the Wiifi was that…",Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
2739,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2740-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Hospitality at Hilton Paddington,"I recently held our Xmas party at this hotel for the 3rd year running and was not disappointed at all.  The flexibility of the package which is very reasonable helped me make a final decision in comparison to so many others.  The location is a massive bonus as it is nearby and very central for staff based in our Paddington office, particularly as you can access the hotel via the station. The food selection which was a buffet was amazing with a wide selection suitable for all taste.  The logistics was all adhered to as requested and nothing was a problem with all my various demands and changes but they done everything I asked and more.  Access for deliveries are good, the Western Suite is suitable for 150 or more guest with large enough cloakroom and toilet facilities.  If you…",Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
2740,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2745-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Arriving in London,Stayed here for 1 night before traveling to the continental Europe. Excellent location adjacent to the Paddington Train Station. Everything you need is right here. Was allowed to check in early as I had arrived on a trans-Atlantic flight. My only complaint was the slamming doors but ear plugs helped me get some rests.,Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
2741,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2745-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Highly recommend,"I have stayed in this hotel quite a few times and cannot fault it. When I stay in London it's always business,so can't comment from any other perspective i guess, but this place always ticks all the boxes. Staff are always incredibly friendly, specially the breakfast team, rooms are spacious, beds are comfortable. Only ate here twice, really enjoyed the food and service. (There is also a lovely Indian buffet). Will be back soon.",Date of stay: December 2014,5.0
2742,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2745-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Fabulous Hotel - Very Good Service - Apart from the b100dy noise!,"We had a wonderful stay here.  The food was great (I even had a chance to do my tomato ketchup gag with the staff.  Always a bonus)    The service was great.   Even down to replacing some burned toast with our evening meal.  The location was great for our site-seeing trip of London.  Walking distance to the Park and Harrods  (though we did get a taxi back!!)   But the building work.   Why were these builders allowed to be shouting at each other until 3am in the morning.  Our room looked straight at the massive crane (is that a derrick or is that something different) - and the noise was relentless from mid-evening until the rest of the hotel was quiet.     I looked at the signs outside the hotel ....  apparently this mob are part of ""Considerate Construction"".    This is clearly…",Date of stay: October 2014,3.0
2743,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2745-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Very rough crowd hanging out in hotel lobby.  I would be scared to stay here again.,"I was extremely disappointed with this hotel for two main reasons:  1.) the WIFI connection was horrible.  It did not work for more than 5 minutes before it would drop.  I am traveling for business and this made it impossible to work from the room.  2.) On Friday night, there was a obnoxious crowd (looked like they were in the adult entertainment business if you know what I mean..) hanging out in the lobby when I came back to the hotel at about 1am.  They were blocking the main entrance and not allowing me to get in.  When I went through the revolving door, it hit one of them because they wouldn't move out of the way and they started yelling at me.  It was very frightening and I seriously thought about switching hotels the very next morning.  As a guest of the hotel, I do not…",Date of stay: December 2014,2.0
2744,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2745-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Good choice for London sightseeing.,"I actually travelled to this hotel from Devon with a local coach firm, but would not hesitate to stay here again and travel by train. The hotel actually has easy access to the the main Paddington Station and underground links, from the hotel foyer via a glass archway. Excellent for easy booking in with cases directly from the station. The twin room that we had was very spacious compared to similar class London hotels, nicely decorated and comfortable, with everything that we needed. The included breakfast was plentiful with a very good assortment of items available. The staff were extremely efficient. Will definately be returning.",Date of stay: November 2014,5.0
2745,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2750-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Traveling with a service animal,"I was not treated well.  I was charged a pet fee, even though my dog is documented.  Since it was not a Guide dog it was denied the benefits of being a service dog.  Apparently the manager at this hotel only considers a guide dog a service animal.",Date of stay: December 2014,3.0
2746,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2750-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great location ..... But the breakfast ....,"Hotel is a great location and perfect if your train is leaving paddington station.... The front desk are very helpful and accommodating.... Let me check in early etc.... But the breakfast is average at best, coffee a disaster !!! and typically not cheap..... My suggestion if you want a light breakfast go to Star Bucks ( literally outside the hotel on the station side )  I never understand why a hotel like a Hilton can't get breakfast right ! Especially the coffee ... ",Date of stay: November 2014,4.0
2747,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2750-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Location perfect near the station,"Traveling from Heathrow with the Heathrow express you are actually at the hotel. Good size lobby with adequate seating and a very nice exc. lounge on the ground floor. Efficient check in and the room was very large with comfortable seating area and working desk. Ample storage space and a good size bathroom with bath and shower. The bed itself was not very comfortable, at least it was a little to hard for my taste, and not of the quality nowadays found in the top hotels. Temp. control worked well and although facing the street the noise level was very limited. All staff were friendly and helpful during my stay. Given the location above the Underground and with many busservices at the station it is very easy to travel anywhere in London.",Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
2748,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2750-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,One night London,I have stayed in this hotel a few times and can confirm that the staff get more unfriendly by the visit. Almost taken for granted!! Room itself was OK and location is great for London whilst being only 15mins away from Heathrow. However being charged £ 4.75 for a small bottle of water is extortionate by any measurement. For this reason alone I will not be back at this hotel!!,Date of stay: December 2014,2.0
2749,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2750-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Exploitation,Is there really any need to exploit an already difficult situation. Hilton Paddington hold your head in shame. It was difficult enough to manage the delays and flight cancellations following the failure of air traffic control at Heathrow on Friday without you actively moving to rack rate for rooms. I witnessed the price hike three times within an hour to the point where I ended up paying 3 times the normal price for a Friday night. Shame on you........not playing cricket!,Date of stay: December 2014,1.0
2750,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2755-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Location good - service miserable,"Location good but reception could have been more friendly! When checking in, I was just given my room key and had to ask how to get to my room, where the lifts were, where was breakfast etc. Family room was just a double with a put up bed - not much room for the cost. Won't bother staying again, will find an alternative.",Date of stay: December 2014,3.0
2751,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2755-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Best located London hotel for frequent traveler,"Hilton Paddington is my go-to hotel for London. I'm a Brit living in the US. When I arrive at Heathrow, I want to get quickly to a hotel but be in London ready for action. This hotel is perfect for that thanks to the Heathrow Express. It is well-connected for going anywhere in London. It's a great hotel. I only have one issue: the showers send a burst of scalding water every few minutes. This has been going on for years and I hope it gets fixed soon. It's the only downside in an otherwise brilliant hotel.",Date of stay: December 2014,5.0
2752,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2755-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Convenient location, some idiosyncracies","The Hilton Paddington is extremely convenient to Heathrow via the Heathrow Express and has good Underground service to locations throughout the city.  There are also a good selection of restaurants within walking distance.  The hotel itself is decent, with some issues.  The hot water for showers is, at its best, warm water with unpredictable bursts of scalding water.  Some days it is just plain cold water.  No amount of engineers tinkering with the water made a difference, and others in our business group had the same complaint.  The housekeeping, though good at cleaning, was unreliable in supplying towels, soap, etc.  There were two of us in the room, and on some days we got only one towel.  There was only one bar of soap for shower and sink; I requested another, and the next…",Date of stay: December 2014,3.0
2753,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2755-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Dissapointed,"The only great thing about this Hilton is its location. 15 minutes with the Heathrow express and you dont even have to leave the train station.  Ive never seen a Hilton this worn out. The rooms are so terribly old. The lobby looks untidy and the entrance red carpet dirty. The receptionist Gracia was very friendly and Concierge Jonny with his workmates very helpful . But the Restaurant manager rudely sent us away saying the Restaurant had closed . But the worst is that the Hotel Bar is a night club at the weekends, we could hear the loud music from our third floor room until 3am. We have never wasted 250£ per night like here. Not every Hilton is a Hilton. This one needs to review its management and refurbish its rooms . We are definately not returning here. ",Date of stay: December 2014,3.0
2754,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2755-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Always satisfied,"I've stayed at the Hilton Paddington before and this trip lived up to my expectations.  I find the hotel to be clean, comfortable and quiet.  I am also a big fan of the central location and closeness to the Heathrow express, Tube, Hyde Park etc.  I will certainly be going back.",Date of stay: November 2014,5.0
2755,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2760-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Not 4 star quality,"Stayed one night with family.  Rooms are ok, issue is the service and attitude.  Breakfast ok, but somewhat crowded and did not feel 4 star surroundings.   When we checked in at 2 pm our room was not ready and therefore the bags had to be stored.  When we arrived back at 11.15 pm -  Front desks had no staff in attendance.  When the clerk came from the back office the attitude was poor.  We asked about bags, and he had to be forced to check and they could not be found, he stated his belief that they may have been taken to the room. No bags in the room, so I phoned down to reception. After 20 mins and no bags I went back to reception. Once again no staff to be found, once again they were in the back room. Bags did then turn up. Overall, for a 4 star hotel, the service here, and…",Date of stay: December 2014,2.0
2756,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2760-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,London experience,"Lack of elec outlets, esp in bathroom, was extremely inconvenient. Front desk staff was not particularly helpful or friendly. Exec lounge and breakfast were nice conveniences. Pasanna (concierge) was very helpful in giving us information about things to see and do.",Date of stay: December 2014,3.0
2757,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2760-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Absolutely shocking,This hotel has the worst service the front desk was rude and had no manners. I had asked for a late check out and they told me 4 pm is fine . When I came down at 4pm they charged me 20 pounds extra for over time and when I explained the situation the lady and man in the front desk said to me you shouldn't even have deserved a late check out. They started yelling at me and shouting at me. When I asked can I speak to the manager they wouldn't let me . I saw him walk down and he was kind and courteous unlike the lady who did my bill for room 520. She should be fired for yelling at a customer like this. She is manner less. I would not recommend to stay here as they have no manners and only care about money.  Many other hotels in London you can choose from.,Date of stay: November 2014,1.0
2758,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2760-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Rude senior front desk,We had our Xmas party and spent a lot of money senior head front desk really rude checking in and out. Hilton gave said they would give us a complimentary room for arranging a work party when getting to the venue senior staff front desk said the room is available from 3-7 we explained that our event finish at 12 :00 and would need the room after that to collect our belonging. The  senior front desk spoke to the event organiser they agreed the guy at the front desk gave us the card and said room first floor never told us the the room number then started to talk about us really un professional . When our event finish we went back to the room to get our stuff room door was lock this was at 12:00am we went to the reception and explained this to the front desk he was fine about it…,Date of stay: December 2014,3.0
2759,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2760-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Unexpected Pleasure,"We arrived late, about midnight, exhausted and were treated to a great upgrade to a room with a deck and beautiful view. The next morning we were treated to a delicious breakfast in a room overlooking Paddington Station. The hotel arranged for a private tour of London for us since our time was so limited. it was reasonably priced and we saw so much in the little time we had.  I would definitely stay there again.",Date of stay: December 2014,5.0
2760,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2765-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Gracious Railway Hotel but,Connected through to Paddinton Station this perfectly positioned for overseas visitors arriving through Heathrow. Convenient to the West End without being in it with those corresponding higher prices. So its reasonably priced comparatively and the small suite I was given was just fine.  However the hotel is showing signs of wear and tear - for example holes worn in the carpet on the main stair case - and is in danger of becoming one of the faded glories often the fate of the railway hotels. The Steam Bar has little to recommend it given the large number of good pubs and wine bars in the immediate area.  There are signs of upgrade taking place and a banner advertising removated Tower Rooms. Hopefully this will continue else as it continues to age it will fade more.  The Executive…,Date of stay: December 2014,3.0
2761,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2765-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Excellent for train travel from Paddington,"Although more expensive than some hotels in area, the quality is a lot better (some of the other so-called hotels in the area are awful) and you're guaranteed a good night's sleep. Excellent location for breakign travel between Heathrow and locations W of London served by Paddington railway station",Date of stay: November 2014,5.0
2762,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2765-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Location, location, location!","Stayed here for two nights over the weekend. Arrived just before 3 pm and were able to go up to our room. Staff ok. Room spacious, bed comfortable, wifi good (booked online so internet was free). Bathroom clean and spacious. Did not have any breakfast or meals. Main advantage of the hotel is its location- fabulous for Heathrow Express and for getting around London! Made for an enjoyable and stressfree weekend.",Date of stay: November 2014,5.0
2763,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2765-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,An episode of Ashes to Ashes,"Staying at this hotel was like stepping back into 1982 - in an episode of Ashes to Ashes. After my train was cancelled, I found myself needing to stay an additional night in London.  Having stayed for several nights in another Hilton Property, I decided that this Hilton would be great as the location was convenient and after all, it's a Hilton so it's guaranteed to be decent.    The front desk staff were brilliant - friendly, happy, attentive and polite but upon walking into my room I realised the big mistake I had made.    I even wondered if someone had pinched the Hilton sign from another hotel and stuck it above the front door!  Whilst the hotel was built in 1852, it looked like the last time it had a refurb was 1982.  I really didn't expect a Hilton to provide such worn,…",Date of stay: November 2014,1.0
2764,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2765-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great Hotel,"Hello Hilton Hotel Paddington, we enjoyed last weekend our stay in your Hotel. The staff were so kind and polite. The room was on the 4th floor and it was so quiet and the bed really comfortable. Our check out was so fast and professionel. The supervisor was very attentive. This Hotel is located directly at paddington Station - so with The Heathrow Express in 20 minutes at the Airport. Great. Thanks a lot to all staffs for the friendliness. ",Date of stay: December 2014,5.0
2765,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2770-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great location for sightseeing,"Stayed here for 2 nights. Room was clean,spacious and nicely decorated. Friendly staff. Breakfast offered something for all tastes. Did not dine here but menu looked good. Could not be closer to the Underground/Paddington Station. Great value  ",Date of stay: December 2014,5.0
2766,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2770-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Excellent hotel in excellent location,I stayed there for 5 nights. The hotel is absolutely great and staff are friendly compared to London. I strongly recommended. I had an upgraded room so I am not sure how other rooms look. I am sure however you will be happy with this hotel.,Date of stay: November 2014,4.0
2767,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2770-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,EXPENSIVE. Convenient location. Excellent facility and service,Excellent location. Especially if you need to be close to the Heathrow Express. Service is very friendly bit not always efficient. I got locked out of my room for almost thirty minutes before they resolved it. Classic furniture and ambiance. Very comfortable room. Very EXPENSIVE. But all of London is.,Date of stay: November 2014,3.0
2768,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2770-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great executive lounge,Great Hotel. Very clean. Staff very helpful and friendly. Executive lounge staff very nice and food great. Location great for Heathrow express from airport get off at paddington station and lift in station for hilton don't even need to leave station.,Date of stay: November 2014,5.0
2769,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2770-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Strives Well to Achieve Against the Tide of Customers,"Not unsurprisingly the facade of this hotel is impressive (although not as good as St Pancras, but many are not), however; once past the well drilled doormen and whilst well above the Hilton standard the impact of the reception does not quite match up.  For such a busy hotel there never quite seem to be enough staff on reception, although those that are manage as well as possible.  I have stayed in a range of rooms in this hotel from the terrace suites to the standard double and everything in between and they are all well-equipped, clean and comfortable and at whatever rate, generally spacious particularly for London.  Do not expect, however; for the lounges to be quiet and relaxing, the hotel is after all attached to a busy mainline terminus and one where the Heathrow Express…",Date of stay: October 2014,4.0
2770,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2775-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Stayed Several Times,"The accommodation is convenient to LHR; service was excellent during each of my visits over the last few years.  I would recommend this hotel to anyone looking for first class service, comfortable rooms and convenience.  Last stay was early November 2014 and the staff were great.  The personal service that I have received over the years from Rakesh Singh, Neil Peters and Rohan Poyrekar, as well as Mark Roth has been superb.  Their individual efforts to accommodate my needs and ensure that the experience was flawless reflects their dedication to customer service.",Date of stay: November 2014,5.0
2771,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2775-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Gentleman's Hours - midday checkout,"Clean room.  Very comfortable.  A great travel solution for dealing with a long haul flight.  By long haul I mean from Australia.  I got off the plane at 0730hrs, a shower at Termianal  3 and then a quick trip into Paddington.  There was a room available at 0950hrs.  Now the really good news.  MIDDAY CHECKOUT !  Yes folks, stay up all day (well until crashing in a jet lagged heap at 2000hrs, waking again at 0200hrs and then asleep at 0400 hrs), one can lie in as long as Bertie Wooster and head off into London at ones leisure.  Brilliant.",Date of stay: November 2014,4.0
2772,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2775-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Hilton London Paddington is the business,"Very central, very comfortable hotel especially for business travellers arriving from Heathrow Airport. Very quiet rooms - you would never know the hotel overlooks London Paddington Rail Station. Location excellent, 5 minute walk to Hyde Park, 10 minute walk to Oxford Street, beside Paddington Underground Station.",Date of stay: November 2014,4.0
2773,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2775-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Nice businesshotel,"Excellently located in walking distance from the Heathrow express platform. Rooms nicely equipped. Meeting rooms as well. Room 114 cannot really recommended as it is located to the main street and consequently quite noisy. Wifi complementary, which is quite unusual but higly appreciated. Price quite high.",Date of stay: November 2014,4.0
2774,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2775-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Hilton stay,"Rooms are good with very comfortable beds.  Restaurant facilities and breakfast are good.  The location is excellent for links to Heathrow.  Biggest criticism is the very poor leisure facilities for a hotel of this price and standard - no pool and very small, inadequate gym.",Date of stay: November 2014,4.0
2775,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2780-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Horrible smell - inhabitable room,"My wife and I checked in at the Hilton Paddington in London, UK on Friday Nov 21. I had reserved an executive room and we were given room no 346.  The room smelled. It was like walking into a wall of odor. It is hard to describe the smell. It was chemical, like a detergent perhaps.   I complained but the manager on duty was unable to do anything for us. He could not find us another room whether at that hotel nor at any other hotel in London. His best attempt at resolving the situation was to suggest the room was sprayed with some kind of smell-b-gone, which I declined. Hiding a chemical with another chemical isn’t solving the problem.   Fearing for our wellbeing, not knowing what chemicals were in the air, we kept the windows open all night. It was a cold night and a very noisy…",Date of stay: November 2014,1.0
2776,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2780-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Very Good stay,"on my recent visit to London i have stayed 2 nights in this hotel, will say very good hotel with and excellent staff, my check inn was very smooth, i have requested for 1 king size bed and room on higher floor, i got the room, Rooms was clean big, bathroom was also clean and shower was excellent,also hotel concierge desk is excellent, Mr Shankar was amazing, guided me perfectly for hop on hop off bus along with other tourist details and also make all the booking in just 5 min.  what i like the most about this hotel is the location, its on the paddigton station, you go out of the hotel and you are on train station, and on the paddigton station you get everything .........means everything , food, shopping, medicine........and also  to go to airport its very easy, as you can catch…",Date of stay: November 2014,4.0
2777,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2780-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Relaxing,"Came up for Christmas shopping and enjoyed a very relaxing stay. Clean and tidy as you would expect with the name, easy access for all of London  Comfortable and very helpful staff. I am fussy and need my rest and sleep would come here again loved it",Date of stay: November 2014,5.0
2778,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2780-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Fantastic hotel,"Stunning hotel quite expensive but it's worth it, in the center you can move to any area of ​​the center ... Fantastic breakfast rich and healthy, a great experience .. !!!I recommend it to everyone, friendly and helpful staff supe super discreet",Date of stay: November 2014,5.0
2779,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2780-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,No hot water at GBP225.00 per night,"I have just checked out of this hotel and still very unhappy and me and my colleague's stay at this hotel. Location is good, room was good, 307, but that is where the story ends. Check in and room wasn't ready until 3.30pm. Very few TV channels and very poor reception. No hot water in shower 2 mornings in a row and no concern, apologies, or remedy from the staff or management who were contacted both mornings. Run the tap longer I was told and we are experiencing no problems with anyone else. The other excuse was that many people were checking out so maybe the water was busy? No house bar open on Saturday night until 9.30pm. We returned from a bar up the road about 9.00pm people had left take away containers and general rubbish and no one cleaned it up as it was still there when …",Date of stay: November 2014,2.0
2780,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2785-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Excellent Location,Stayed here last week for some pre Christmas retail therapy and as always this hotel lived up to my expectations. We were checked in by a very capable young lady called Mercedes who was most helpful. The room was excellent as was the food and services at this hotel,Date of stay: November 2014,5.0
2781,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2785-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,afternoon tea treat at The Hilton,My daughter booked an afternoon tea break as a treat for me whilst we were spending a few days away in London.She had seen an offer on the internet whilst looking for various things to do during our stay. The cost was £18 per person. We travelled from across London where we were staying to take afternoon tea at The Hilton Paddington. On arrival we were quite surprised to find we were the only ones there in the restaraunt. We were shown to our table in a corner of the room. The waitress asked whether we wanted tea or coffee. My daughter asked for tea and i asked for black coffee. These were brought to us. Then someone else came along with the food. To say i was disappointed with what we received was an under statement. There was a 3 tier cake stand with on the bottom plate 6 of…,Date of stay: November 2014,1.0
2782,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2785-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Excellent hotel, will use again","Chose this hotel as our train comes into Paddington station, 1 min walk so no need for taxis or tube.  Very good standard, excellent rooms, a good breakfast and friendly, helpful staff. Good location for access to rest of London.",Date of stay: November 2014,4.0
2783,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2785-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Brilliant location,"Have just discovered my new home from home in London. The Hilton Paddington is just about the perfect location I could imagine. A quick transit from Heathrow on the Heathrow Express and ideally positioned for the London Underground. Got to my meetings in the City with time to spare, and was able to catch an early morning flight on my departure. The Hilton staff lived up to my high expectations and the room was quiet (as requested) and sizeable for London standards. I'll be back. Often.",Date of stay: November 2014,4.0
2784,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2785-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Perfect Location,"The only reason I'm not giving this a 5 is room size- a wee bit small.  Beyond that, location is unsurpassed.  Access to the tube, taxis, highly efficient trains, especially the Heathrow Express. Just can't be beat.  If you have the means to get club accommodations I highly recommend it-the Exec lounge has many picture windows looking out directly into the station.. it's awesome.  Staff could not have been friendlier.",Date of stay: March 2014,4.0
2785,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2790-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Ideal location,"Great location for travel into/out of/within London, especially if Heathrow is involved. The rooms are small as one would expect in London. Older building with lots of charm and modernized amenities.  Relatively expensive even for London as they make you pay for the conveniences of the location. When staying with more than two people, a larger than standard room may be required to fit a rollaway bed.",Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
2786,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2790-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Perfect in every way!,"This hotel was perfect for a short trip, when arriving into Paddington. You don't even have to go outside of the train station! Very close to the tube, bus stops, and plenty of eating places around. The hotel was very clean, nicely decorated, with more than enough facilities in the bedroom to make for a comfortable stay. Breakfast was lovely too with something on offer for all tastes. All the staff were very accommodating and our room was ready on arrival (ahead of the official check-in time).",Date of stay: November 2014,5.0
2787,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2790-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Location: can't beat it,"At almost GBP300 a night it seemed a lot but perhaps not for London and it did include breakfast and wifi (which was very reliable as they seem to have switched to BT). Room was big by London standards, could do with better soundproofing on the windows as part of the ongoing makeover as street noise was tiresome at night from first floor room. No noise from the station though.  Cannot beat the location, to arrive at the station and be able to settle straight in at hotel instead of extra schlepping with bags was most welcome after a long and tiring day. Next day was Also great to get straight on the underground after leaving bags with concierge for a spot of shopping.  All staff were excellent, polite and helpful. Special mention to the concierge staff who could not have been…",Date of stay: November 2014,4.0
2788,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2790-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Excellent location , Nice and decent service , clean room","I stayed in the hotel for five  nights , Excellent location , nice and clean room , good food and good service, the reception staff is helpful and the over all stay was very good , I enjoyed my stay I will return back for sure .",Date of stay: November 2014,4.0
2789,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2790-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Excellent hotel in an excellent location,"It's the last days of our holidays and we want somewhere comfy and big. We went to Hilton Paddington and asked if they have room available and they have and we were not disappointed. The room is what we were looking for, big and comfortable. the staff are very professional and I commend the concierge for being so helpful, they make things easy for us and made our last days in europe memorable.",Date of stay: October 2014,5.0
2790,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2795-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Excellent hotel at superbe location for business meeting travellers,Nice luxurious hotel direct at Paddington station so perfect connection from London Heathrow.Directly opposite of the Padding underground perfect for business meetings. Conference facilities are great. Brasserie perfect for breakfast an lunch. Rooms need updating,Date of stay: November 2014,4.0
2791,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2795-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Good for a quick stay but very crowded,Stayed for 2 days on a business trip.  Great location and rate.  The adjacency to the train station is convenient and the station itself is worth a visit.  Very easy to walk to parks and shopping.  Only downside was that it was very crowded.,Date of stay: December 2013,3.0
2792,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2795-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Fantastic location, old building, tired rooms","When the Heathrow Express was inaugurated, Hilton must have been very satisfied since the hotel practically sits over the train station. Extremely convenient for travellers on a fly in - fly out meeting, the train takes fifteen minutes to LHR. The hotel building is rather old, they are refurbishing some parts of the exterior and the rooms, although comfortably equipped, are a bit tired. The hotel seems to have come out from the merger of two or three adjoining buildings, I had to walk half an hour or so to reach my room. Breakfast is fantastic, one of the best I had in the UK.",Date of stay: November 2014,3.0
2793,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2795-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Paddington Station Hilton, London","This is an excellent location, right over the train from Heathrow and centrally located on main trains into Central London.  The staff are excellent and the concierge desk staff excel.    The restaurant is also good and the Maitre D, Kevin is a great host. Altogether this hotel is one of my favourite in the world and I travel a lot.  For me it is like coming home to stay here with a very personal welcome from many members of the staff.",Date of stay: November 2014,5.0
2794,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2795-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great central location but with it comes noise,"Stayed here because I only had 48 hours in town. Great central location with several underground lines and over ground rail connections available.   Room was clean but you are definitely paying for the location.   Will be back if I can find a good deal, otherwise I would look at hotels elsewhere.",Date of stay: October 2014,3.0
2795,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2800-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great Location,The London Hilton Paddington is a great location to stay while you are in London. The added convenience of the Heathrow Express is a game changer and the staff are very pleasant. Shame about the lack of any type of cable tv in the rooms though. You cannot watch anything interesting once you are in the confines of your room.,Date of stay: October 2014,4.0
2796,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2800-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,great place to stay!,I stayed here on two occasions last month and it is one of the best places in London in terms of stay comfort and access to the Underground. Very cordial and courteous staff and well furnished and maintained rooms. Their buffet breakfast is really well spread and appetizing! Rooms are comfortable and cozy. I did like their restaurant and the coffee shop. An ideal place for a traveler to stay in London!,Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
2797,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2800-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Good rooms and compact gym,"I stayed here for one night on business. Check in was good and my room and bathroom well appointed. The gym is small and has limited equipment but is passable for an overnight stay.   The reason for my 'average' score is twofold. The public areas are really disappointing - the main bar is soulless and cold whilst the lobby bar is scruffy with dog eared  menus and dreadful service. Secondly, the wifi is terrible and drops out continually (it's operated by Swisscom, who are pretty hopeless in every hotel I go to that uses them). I gave up eventually and used 3G but this can be very expensive.   I would cautiously use this hotel again but only if I couldn't get into one of the better organised Hilton properties in central London. ",Date of stay: November 2014,3.0
2798,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2800-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Comfortable and good location,"Located within the Paddington train station, it was enough to find. Initially had an issue with the room selection, but they fixed it within 10 minutes. Connecting rooms were convenient and comfortable. Great location for grabbing the tube or just walking the area.",Date of stay: October 2014,4.0
2799,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2800-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Solid hotel; prime location,"We booked an executive room with king for our weeklong stay in the city, but the ‘executive lounge,’ included in the price, morphed into our base. Spacious, quiet, and nicely appointed, with large windows overlooking the Paddington Station shopping area and tracks, perfect for people- and train-watching, the lounge provided our breakfasts; daytime and evening coffee, soft drinks, and snacks; and the late afternoon happy hour—all for the taking. The serving staff was attentive and efficient, but it was the lounge’s concierges who went out of their way to make our London stay special. The hotel’s physical connection to Paddington Station, fronting it, merged into it (you needn’t go outside in the rain), and often commented upon, is perfect. The Heathrow Express, fifteen minutes to…",Date of stay: October 2014,4.0
2800,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2805-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great Service,Main plus with this hotel is the quality of the staff who are very helpful.  There was some evidence that the room I was in had been fairly recently redecorated and the corridor area in the wing I was on having a newer carpet than other parts of the same floor.  So in fairness my very positive experience is entirely consistent with the more negative reports mentioning aspects being well worn. Also consistent with this is the fact that the hotel was advertising some more expensive rooms that would become available in the near future- so suggestive of a rolling programme of refurbishment perhaps?  The other big plus for the hotel is that the room are not cramped unlike many other London Hotels.  Location is another important feature of this hotel. If you travelling via Paddington…,Date of stay: October 2014,4.0
2801,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2805-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Great Hotel, Great Location","My husband and I spent 2 nights in September. It was WOW! Our room was beautiful and spacious. Great tea/coffee in room, spacious bathroom. Location was excellent, landed at heathrow and got express train in 15 mins. Anywhere in London is accessible from this hotel. The breakfast was wonderful. Really helpful staff especially on check in and check out. We would highly recommend this hotel. Simply superb.",Date of stay: September 2014,5.0
2802,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2805-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Return to Paddington Hilton,"This time, I wasn't impressed that much by favorite hotel in London.  Have always liked the Hilton @Paddington.  Easiest access top and from airport via the Heathrow express which stops right at the hotel.  Then the great variety of restaurants,  shops,  parks and connections to almost every corner that Paddington has to offer.    Oxford Street is just a 15 minutes walk away.  There  yoy hane all you need.    And so the comfort at the hilton complemented this imensely. But that was when it's rooms, the corridors, restaurant. .... were spectacular. This is not so anymore. The standards are dropping but the charges are going up😞  I can't quite finger it but combination of many things.....   Otherwise this is a great hotel",Date of stay: October 2014,3.0
2803,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2805-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Reliable and good,It's not glamorous (even though it would like to be). But the sheer relief of being able to get off the Heathrow Express and be in your room 10 minutes later makes this a gem. The Executive Club is excellent; the rooms are classic Hilton reliable. I like this hotel; it offers great value for money in a difficult town. ,Date of stay: October 2014,4.0
2804,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2805-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Another great choice from Hilton - Location, location, location","My daughter and I went to London for the weekend to watch Miss Saigon, we chose the Hilton Paddington for its location. We arrived around 10am in the morning not expecting our room to be ready, but just to drop our bags off so we could start our shopping extravaganza! Our surprise was not only to find our room was available but that we had been upgraded to a Queen suite, as we were there celebrating my daughters 21st birthday. Well where do I start... The room was just amazing, with a huge bedroom separate lounge and study together with an amazing bathroom, I was just disappointed we weren't staying longer! The service was outstanding from the moment we arrived until the moment we checked out.  The beds were one of the best I've slept in, so comfortable and after full days of…",Date of stay: October 2014,5.0
2805,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2810-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Dark room,"Stayed there for 4 nights.  The hotel is integrated with Paddington terminal building so there is an entry on the back side connecting the terminal building.  The room is spacious but the full-cover math is somehow miss-coloured in front of the fridge. The window view was not the greatest (facing towards  terminal building) One night all the lights start to dazzle and finaly lost power (other power outlets still working), I called guest relations and they fixed it by turn the central power on for my room. The day after the light power was gone around midnight and I did not bother to call them to fix, in the following morning I called them but noone come, then I was about to check out anyways so I just mentioned it birefly with the receptionist during checkout.  Breakfast was…",Date of stay: October 2014,3.0
2806,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2810-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great Location,"This hotel couldn't be better located. It's literally right on the Paddington Station, and very close to Hyde Park and tons of amazing London stops. The rooms were pretty spacious for London standards, and the staff were friendly enough.",Date of stay: November 2013,4.0
2807,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2810-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Hilton Paddington Excellent,Rooms are excellent and very quiet. Facilities are also great. There are many shops and restaurants nearby. Transport links are also very good. The staff are also very professional and friendly. I would definitely recommend this hotel.,Date of stay: May 2014,5.0
2808,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2810-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,A faded glory,This is a very convenient hotel for holding meetings and conferences. It is only 20 minutes away from London Heathrow.  The main room can hold 300+ delegates and we have been holding 2 meetings a year here for 6 years. ~6 years ago it had a make-over  It badly needs one now. The doors that were a beautiful walnut veneer are now stained. The tap in our bathroom leaked and the plug in the bath also leaked. The room was prepared poorly with the duvet badly folded inside the cover. Despite asking for it there was no Earl grey tea and no bottled water replaced.  This used to be a great hotel but it needs a lot of smartening up now.,Date of stay: October 2014,2.0
2809,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2810-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,The Hilton Paddington. Bear with me !,"Sorry. Couldn't resist. So anyway, arriving from the west country by train was the main reason for choosing this hotel. It couldn't be more convenient. We arrived about mid-day and were surprised and pleased to find that we could book in and access our room immediately. We were on the 4th floor and we liked the art deco theme, a change from the generic hotel décor. There was a slight but unpleasant odour each time we entered the room which was hard to pinpoint, but seemed to go after a while ( or maybe we just got used to it ? ) Everything was well laid out and comfortable, the bath and shower ( with instructions for use ) were fine and the water hot. At night it was surprisingly quiet for the location. The breakfast at £30 for 2 people was excellent with plenty of hot and cold…",Date of stay: October 2014,4.0
2810,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2815-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Hilton London Paddington,"Great hotel! Very good location, walking distance to Paddington Station, good selection of restaurants and for the inclined within walking distance to Kensington Gardens, Hyde Park, Wellington Arch, Buckingham Palace, the Thames, Big Ben, Westminster, the Eye, Trafalgar Square, etc... Back to the hotel, very friendly and helpful staff including the concierge. Open, inviting and comfortable spaces in the lobby and in the lounge. Room was excellent, with large windows that provided great light, very comfortable bed, wifi was quick enough for my needs, the closet provided ample space, good desk space, flat screen TV, and a safe. London is not cheap however. I felt the price was consistant with area.",Date of stay: October 2014,5.0
2811,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2815-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Disaster if you are used to good hotels,"Usually I love Hilton hotels. I'm an HHonors member, and stay at Hilton a lot. However, Paddington hotel has absolutely disappointed me.  1. The AC wasn't cooling the room, I was sweating all night with the warm comforter they provided - I reported it, but it was never fixed  2. One of the lights was flickering, and although I reported it - it wasn't fixed  3. Shower - one of the taps was broken, in addition the water was stopping every several minutes for like 30 sec break, and when restarting - it was ice cold.  4. The access to the my room had stairs (in addition to the elevator). Hilton Paddington expects their guests to carry their baggage up the stairs???  5. Staff is not very nice. They even tried refusing providing me a free Internet access (HHonors members are supposed…",Date of stay: October 2014,2.0
2812,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2815-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Good Hotel & business facilities but not a cheap place to be!,"This hotel is next to Paddington Station and can be accessed directly from the Station & the Heathrow Express can get you to Heathrow within 15 minutes. So it is great to access straight from the airport.   Due to the useful rail links the foyer area can get very busy during the working week as people to to meet there rather than using a meeting room. The bar ""Steam Bar"" is a decent size with a good selection of of drinks & cocktails. However it did seem to close quite early on the evening we were there and we were unable to get a drink returning after our meal out. It was not late but seemed odd not to be able to get a drink even as a resident.  We had a meeting room on the first floor and we had a significant issue with the air conditioning - the room was far too warm for much…",Date of stay: October 2014,4.0
2813,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2815-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great Location,"Terrific location for commuting from Heathrow Airport via fast train and from London to other parts of England due to the connection to Paddington Station. Also only a relatively short walk (20 min) to the main shopping district of Oxford and Regent Streets and another 10-15 minutes to Buckingham Palace, Trafalgar Square etc. The hotel staff were very friendly and while the hotel was a little dated was still fine. Food quality was good although we did only have breakfast there.",Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
2814,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2815-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Good location and good standard,Back again at the Hilton Paddington...the convenience of hotel to the rail station and the Heathrow Express is a real winner for me.  My additional observations since my last review are that Paddington area around the hotel seems to now have many more quality restaurants....do go for food as there are some real great eateries at really reasonable prices,Date of stay: October 2014,4.0
2815,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2820-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Good for Heathrow,"I like staying at the Paddington Hilton when I come through Heathrow. If you are late you come straight of the train and straight into the hotel. You can also pick up your luggage on the way back to the airport. The hotel rooms are big, clean and comfortable. It is quiet. Good English breakfast but it can get busy. It is not a place for socialising but it is convenient.",Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
2816,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2820-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Avoid if you want to sleep,"Hi All    Stayed here on the 23rd September for one night on route to Heathrow (the Heathrow Express leaves from Paddington at the rear of the hotel). I asked for a quiet room as we had a very early start. We were given a room on the sixth floor which was nice and quiet, until the disco started. It came on at around 7pm and went on until past midnight. The bass was so loud you could feel it through the walls.   Although the room was nice and the staff friendly I cannot recommend this hotel. It’s the second time I’ve used it and on both occasions sleep was ruined, (the first time was a faulty fire alarm in the middle of the night).     It’s a shame because the rest of the hotel is fine and connection to Heathrow could not be more convenient.",Date of stay: September 2014,1.0
2817,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2820-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Weekend Break,"We stayed for two nights at this hotel as a couple. Really cannot find any fault to report. The room was clean and tidy, comfy bed. Staff accommodating. Breakfast very nice. Location was excellent for us as we arrived by train at Paddington and the hotel was connected to the station. Tube station also very near .Great weekend exploring London helped along by our stay at this hotel!",Date of stay: October 2014,4.0
2818,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2820-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Had a lovely stay, but...","My mother and I had a wonderful stay here in May--unbeatable access to Paddington trains, great breakfast and dinner, helpful, efficient staff, and excellent level of housekeeping.  After coming home I found that the hotel had charged my credit card for a small yet mysterious amount of money after I had checked out and left. After two ignored email inquiries, I contacted the hotel through my travel agent (who had made the fully-prepaid booking for me). The hotel responded to them that the billing was for a minibar item.  We stayed four consecutive nights. Opened the minibar door once on the day of arrival, saw what it was like inside, and didn’t touch the minibar for the remainder of the stay. There were no outstanding incidentals when we checked out.  The hotel denies making…",Date of stay: May 2014,2.0
2819,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2820-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Very nice overnight stay,"Stayed here one night since it is located in one of the main train stations in London.  Room was very large as I believe I got a free upgrade being a Hilton diamond member which means I travel too much.  The executive lounge was very nice with a solid selection of spirits, beer, wine, and snacks and is located overlooking the actual train station.  Could see the vast number of commuters coming and going that late afternoon but didn't hear any noise at all due to the very good sound insulation.  Left the hotel to find a restaurant within walking distance of the hotel.  The neighborhood appeared to be very upscale and safe.",Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
2820,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2825-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,It's a handy place to leave,"Spent only 2 nights there; any longer planned stay may have had me looking for somewhere new. Rates on the pricey side, had trouble with internet connection and the TV reception was total rubbish with very few channels available. Took meals outside to avoid pricey hotel charges. Handy to Heathrow Express, definitely the its major advantage.",Date of stay: October 2014,2.0
2821,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2825-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Good, convenient for Paddingon","The area immediately round Padddington Station has very few good class hotels. Even those in which the rooms and service are of a high standard, suffer from road noise. The Hilton, despite being at the station itself and on a main road, has its guest rooms facing an inner courtyard, so the only noise is from the air conditioning. The windows open a few inches, so the A?C is really redundant most of the time. The rooms are quite spacious and well furnished, as are the bathrooms. Beds are big and comfortable. Breakfast is in a crowded, low-ceilinged room with no natural light but the buffet is reasonably well stocked and the coffee comes in pots which they are happy to replenish. It is the best place to stay if your point of arrival or departure is Paddington.",Date of stay: October 2014,4.0
2822,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2825-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Excellent location, comfortable stay","Stayed only one night as we were returning to Australia the next day. Great location right in Paddington station so travelling for us from Wales and then to Heathrow was a breeze. Very attentive staff. We were checked in by Poonam Nagrani the duty manager. She was very friendly and efficient. We had free WIFI as we had booked through the hotel website which was great (although I do think WIFI should be free in all hotels) The room was spacious, comfortable and very clean. The beds are very comfortable and we had no problem with noise at all despite overlooking the street. Whilst the Hilton is not the cheapest it has a wonderful location. There are plenty of places to eat all around, it is close to Hyde Park and the tube station is located downstairs in the station which is also…",Date of stay: October 2014,4.0
2823,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2825-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Breakfast a complete fiasco,"We stayed in this hotel the weekend of the Radio 2 festival in a day in September.  The hotel is a brilliant location to the station no walking with a heavy suitcase.  It has lovely decor and the room was delightful with a comfy bed and great bathroom.   However, breakfast was a total disaster we stood in a queue for 30 minutes to get a table and when we got to the top were told to go to the Executive dining area, when we got there was no table and so it was suggested we dine in a small conference room with a flipchart stand for company!  The breakfast in the executive suite was cold and lacked choice. I managed to meet the duty manager on leaving the restaurant and decided I would provide some feedback. He just looked at me blankly and said nothing it was like talking to a…",Date of stay: September 2014,2.0
2824,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2825-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Weekend Stay at Hilton Paddington,Decent stay in London over the weekend; no overall complains with the hotel; room was clean and comfortable would stay again as location is very central for getting to places; right on the train status; access to buses and subway; service was good.,Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
2825,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2830-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Convenience at a Cost,"This hotel is in an excellent location to stay if travelling by rail.  There is easy access directly to the hotel by lift from railway station. The service was average. The room was very clean, but smelled like smoke. The high cost is for the convenience of this location.",Date of stay: October 2014,3.0
2826,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2830-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Very good located,"A very nice place, With good rooms, i had a good rest with very comfortable bed and pillows, the place could be in better shape, and personal at the front desk could be nicer and more attentive... But, what is absolutely the paramount is the location... A walking distance to be connected with the rest of London..  And very handy for heatrow express",Date of stay: June 2014,4.0
2827,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2830-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Good Hotel, not great value for money",You basically pay for location with this hotel. Its a good hotel. I've stayed here twice I think the room size is very good for London. Everything just feels a little dated and the staff is not very friendly. Especially if you compare with Hilton service in US.,Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
2828,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2830-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,We would stay again,"Train from airport drops you right at the hotels door check-in was smooth and easy, room was nice, clean and comfortable. We had breakfast at the hotel which was good, it was included with our room. The access to the tube is directly in front of the hotel, but I walked almost everywhere I wanted to go. The area around the hotel has great restaurants plus the gift shops have very competitive prices from those on Oxford. The room is expensive but nothing is cheap in London not a place for a bargain shopper. We did hear the music from the parties held at the hotel (which others have mentioned) it wasn't too loud from our room but I'd imagine it would be an issue if we had been closer to the parties. We were granted a late checkout (2 hrs) which we very much appreciated and the…",Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
2829,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2830-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Hassle free,"Step off the Heathrow express and step into the hotel. As a Hilton gold member, breakfast was included, and I was upgraded to a suite. The priority lounge was one of the better ones. I agree that not all Hilton properties are created equal, but for  a quick business trip  this one is very good.",Date of stay: August 2014,5.0
2830,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2835-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,A bit tired but good location,"Pros: handy for heathrow express. Walking distance to Hyde park. Tube and train directly below. Decent sized rooms. Bath and shower.  Cons: room a bit tired (e.g scuffed walls, shelf missing in bathroom). Smallish exec lounge.  Didn't eat in restaurant. Plenary of good pubs nearby. ",Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
2831,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2835-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Worst Hotel Manager and terrible sound barrier walls,"I had a terrible experience with this hotel.  You would think staying at a Hilton you would get great service, but complaining to the manager did nothing. We were put in a suite because there were three of us, but they put us on the 2nd floor, facing the street and the room was above their ballroom.  Every night, until about 2 AM, you hear middle eastern music blasting, as well as the noise coming from the buses, trains and people outside.  After a long day exploring London, you just want to get a relaxing sleep.  With all the noise and racket, that was impossible. We asked to be transfered, but the manager said we can't and he gave us an attitude. He was very rude.  One night, he saw me and my friend go to the different restaurants by the train station that is connected to the…",Date of stay: November 2013,1.0
2832,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2835-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Paddington by name, Paddington by location",Being situated at Paddington Station and with an entrance into the station you could not be any closer to the GWR network. The hotel rooms were clean and well decorated. Room service at breakfast has always been bang on time.,Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
2833,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2835-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great experience,Great hotel. Our rate included the breakfast and the food and service was wonderful. The room was spacious and the housekeeping did a wonderful job. The location was a great plus.  The train station attaches to the rear of the hotel  and the tube station was across the street which made getting around easy. Concierge was also very helpful in booking a day trip.  Would recommend and would stay there on a return trip.,Date of stay: September 2014,5.0
2834,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2835-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Overpriced mediocrity,"Ive always tried to stay away from the Hilton as I regard them as really extortionate and providers of average value at best.  Their maxim seems to be ""we have a strategic location here, lets do all we can to separate money from hotel users!""   This Hilton excels.  Mediocre rooms, low end televisions, not 1 second of free wi fi in the rooms, bland food, unmotivated staff and of course absolutely maximum rates.  There must be better options close to Paddington, the short walk to the station is worth the saved money and you'll just feel better.",Date of stay: September 2014,3.0
2835,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2840-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,A week in London before flying home,"This hotels best features are it's convenience. We caught the train from Hereford in to Paddington, and we left for the airport on Heathrow Express. The Tube Station is right there so you're anywhere in a few minutes. So easy. The hotel is ordinary and it doesn't have to be like that. My experiences are of really good staff, but ordinary management. I told them so in a survey, and thought that maybe a Manager would respond, but instead I got a reply from a PA. It proved my point. I want someone to fix this Mr Hilton !!",Date of stay: September 2014,3.0
2836,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2840-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Week long stay,"Stayed here for a weeks business training, lovely rooms very comfortable beds. The Steam Bar is a good place to unwind although it closes at midnight there are lots of places close by if you wanted a later night cap! Business facilities great and staff all very helpful and as a bonus it's connected directly to Paddington station!",Date of stay: September 2014,5.0
2837,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2840-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Good overall, just needs some tweaking.","Good location for tube travel into London and a nice clean train station with shopping and eating facilities. Be aware of the 'Family Room', which is actually just a double with a camp bed put in. We were three adults and despite the booking they couldn't even put a third glass, cup or bottle of water in the room! Outrageous charges for wifi. Good Hilton breakfast though.",Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
2838,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2840-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great Service,"I wanted three seats for a very popular play that very evening - which was a Saturday.  I thought I had no hope but the concierge and the duty manager banded together and produced the tickets. They couldn't have been more helpful and I really appreciated it - great seats and we had a marvellous time. My husband is disabled which added an extra dimension as we needed seats in a particular place in the theatre. Not only in this instance but in general,  the assistance we received from everyone at the hotel was so kindly given. Our thanks to all.",Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
2839,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2840-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Perfect location!,"This hotel is at Paddington Station, so it is very easy to reach every part of London. The rooms are big and the breakfast is well served. It is a good choice for those that want comfort and good location.",Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
2840,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2845-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Afternoon tea with my sister,Had a lovely time at the Hilton afternoon tea was wonderful great sandwiches and the scones were fantastic still warm when we got them.  Little cakes were great.  The champagne was exquisite. Had a really great time.,Date of stay: September 2014,5.0
2841,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2845-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Appalling Service,"A friend booked a afternoon tea so that  myself and three other friends could celebrate her birthday.  Once we had all arrived we indicated that we would like our tea. Our preferences were noted and hot beverages arrived quite quickly.    15 minutes later, a group that arrived after us were served hot beverages AND a two cake stands with sandwiches, scones and cakes.  I made eye contact with a member of staff, who seemed to look over and note that our table was still waiting for food.  We'll be served soon I thought.  Another 15 minutes and two further enquiries later STILL no food, no explanation, and no apology.  The food eventually arrived 10 minutes later with a tiny birthday cake delivered by two members of staff halfheartedly singing happy birthday.  We were offered more…",Date of stay: September 2014,1.0
2842,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2845-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Excellant hotel in the heart of London,"The hotel is very convenient for Central London and directly accessible from London’s Paddington Station, which is connected to Heathrow in 15 minutes by the Heathrow Express train service https://www.heathrowexpress.com/. You are strongly encouraged to use this rather than a taxi. Costs 34 GBP both ways.  Ticket valid for a month from the date of purchase.  Walk from Paddington station to the hotel lobby(climb the elevator) from the back entrance and very easy to get your luggage from the train to the hotel. Edgeware Road nearby has an extensive choice of Middle Eastern and Halal restaurants.  Nearby McD, KFC etc.  Many grocery stores like Sainsbury, Tesco express, M&S food etc. nearby.   Paddington station underground is bang opposite and one can easily visit all the tourist…",Date of stay: September 2014,5.0
2843,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2845-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,weekend stay,"I have frequently stayed at the Hilton Metropol but decided to ring the changes with this one. Staff were reasonably attentive and hotel was clean. I used the gym which had some decent running machines and weights (hint some sort of deal over using the pool at the metropol may bring in a few quid Hilton managers)  Was less impressed by the sound of a nightclub on the ground floor reaching us on the sixth.   My only real concern was the tepid temperature of the juices served at breakfast, which is pretty trivial so over all a well deserved 4 circles for this hotel.",Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
2844,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2845-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Excellent,"It was such a convenient location for our purpose, we had more than 4 luggages cases and it was so convenient to use the direct link to the lobby from paddington station platforms. the reception was friendly and efficient, the facilities were satisfactory and the breakfast was good. It is highly recommended if you travel long distance via paddington station. The restaurant was nice and the waiter was friendly.  It was excellent and I would return when opportunities arise in the future.",Date of stay: June 2014,5.0
2845,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2850-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Careful of booking a standard room,"Just spend a night here on our way to Cornwall.  Excellent location as it connects to Paddington Station and Heathrow Express (if traveling in 2's or 3's look for discount online for HE).  Our travel agent booked a ""standard"" room, which means a double bed.  We were traveling as a group of 4 women and REALLY wanted twins in each room.  Asked at reception but they said they were booked.  Upon request, they did give us discounted breakfast coupons.  Concierge was FANTASTIC and just a lovely man to work with.   Overall clean hotel, decent size room for Europe, but very expensive.  Convenience, however, was worth it.",Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
2846,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2850-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,my overnight stay at this Hotel,Location is excellent  I have used this hotel on a regular basis for an overnight stop on my return trip to Australia and it is very convenient to the Heathrow Express   The service is excellent and the staff are very friendly  I will continue to stay there in the future and recommend it to everyone I know,Date of stay: September 2014,5.0
2847,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2850-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Couldn't have asked for a better located hotel,"For starters, Hilton's London Paddington is directly attached to Paddington station through a back door, so those coming from the airport or West Country via train can take the lift from the concourse of the station.  For this kind of hotel, we got a very reasonable rate of £184 including breakfast, most rates normally begin at more than £200.  Check-in staff were extremely helpful.  They approved our request for an early check-in due to our train's arrival time.  I also got a late check out which was useful as I was able to leave my bags and rest after returning from the airport to bring someone.  The concierge was also very happy to allow us to leave our things beyond check out and helpful to refer us to where the nearest best-value foreign exchange point was.  Wifi was…",Date of stay: September 2014,5.0
2848,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2850-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Rude start,"The hotel's fine. Bed good. Pillows divine. However, Tyrone on reception was rude to the point of, well, me naming him on here. Presumably he hates coach tours, block bookings or any sort of appreciation from our coach company. He was short, dismissive and despite his arrogance, uninformative.  Just gesturing in the general direction of the lifts doesn't really tell me where they are.",Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
2849,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2850-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,The best Advantage is Heathrow Express,"I spent 3 nights in Hilton Paddington, overall its ok. No major advantage or disadvantage to mention. Except one day my key does not open and I had to go down and change the room keys.  The biggest advantage is the Heathrow Express which is Exactly near the hotel. A super market in front of the hotel to buy water and any groceries you may need plus the Oyster Card to use the metro and the bus.  Overall it is a good hotel if you are going for quick business trip.",Date of stay: September 2014,3.0
2850,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2855-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Breakfast buffet is hotel's biggest selling point!,"A stone's throw away from Paddington tube station, the Hilton London Paddington hotel is conveniently located in this part of London. I stayed here for 5 nights on a business trip (so thankfully didn't have to pay for my stay, which was not cheap). While the rooms are small (this may be typical of London hotels) with twin size beds and not much closet space, my stay was cozy and all my needs were met. The front desk staff were polite and helpful, and even let me print a few documents after the business centre had closed.   The best part of the hotel is its breakfast buffet. Unlike most North American hotels where breakfast is an additional cost, the Hilton Paddington has the biggest and best selection of breakfast foods you could ever dream of. It was definitely the highlight of…",Date of stay: March 2014,4.0
2851,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2855-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Excellent Choice,"I'd chosen this hotel because I was making an early morning train journey.   However, with one exception, I could not have made a better choice.   The location, of course is ideal if you are using Paddington Station and also for the underground lines.   The hotel itself was clean with all the usual facilities.   The room itself was spotless and well equipped.   Staff were very polite, professional and keen to please.   The bar has a good selection of drinks and the restaurant food was delicious, served by a willing waiter and a nice touch at the end was the Maitre d' coming over, greeting me by name, and enquiring if the meal had been enjoyed.  A good night's sleep was followed by the usual type of buffet breakfast, again pleasantly served.   So the one exception??  Well, I was…",Date of stay: September 2014,5.0
2852,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2855-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,It's just getting old,"Old bed, old amenities.  Housekeeping and staff are friendly, but his hotel is badly in need of a remodel.   Water temperature was variable (while taking a shower).  Coffee pot failed to make a pot of coffee (and was dirty, I cleaned it myself just to have it fail).  I would avoid this hotel unless there are no other options.",Date of stay: September 2014,2.0
2853,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2855-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,A quality hotel right next to key transport links,"We stayed overnight prior to an early morning start to get a flight at Heathrow. Travelling from the South West, the hotel is great as it's actually part of Paddington station where the line from the South West terminates and the Heathrow express starts from.  We had a restful night's sleep in a quiet room with a comfortable bed. The staff were helpful arranging an early Moring wake-up call. Unfortunately there was no free Wi-Fi in the rooms, which considering the room rate, was disappointing.",Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
2854,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2855-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Better hotels for less money,"I've stayed in Hilton hotels world over and this is one of the worse. The reception staff are friendly and helpful but the compliments stop there. The corridor to my room had hazard tape joining the carpet which wasn't a good impression. Once in the room it was okay (I've stayed in better hotels for less) I turned on the TV which was difficult to see behind the snow on screen. At the end of the night me and a colleague went to the bar, the draught beer options were Stella, Stella, Stella or becks! Not what you'd expect from a Hilton (more like your local pub). The waitress was grumpy and quite rude. Whilst we were drinking somebody came in with goggles and a face mask and started spraying the walls Which was disconcerting, 5 minutes later (11.30 at night) we were told the bar…",Date of stay: September 2014,2.0
2855,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2860-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Not by Hilton ' standard,"The last time I visited this hotel I loved for her wonderful service and perfect location. The recent stay however was a hectic experience. I was given the wrong type of room from what I reserved with no explanation prior to the walk to the wrong room. When I had to come down to press for explanation, the manager showed up to start explaining to us that the room given was an upgrade. In my opinion, this is a total nonsense and perhaps at best debatable whether a suite with terrace and lounge access which I reserved is no better than the wrong given suite with no terrace but an extra bed which I have no plan to use and worse of all occupying half of the sitting room. And shouldn't the customer be informed of any change at all? Anyway after the hassle of insistance the manager…",Date of stay: September 2014,3.0
2856,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2860-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Excellent Choice,"We stayed at this hotel for a four day weekend with two young kids.  We took in the Eurostar and from St. Pancras station it is only a short tube ride without changing tubes.  This is a perfect choice if you are exploring London with a family and without a car.  Windsor Castle is a quick 35 min train ride ... Buckingham, Tower of London, ... the Eye, etc. are all on direct tube routes without having to change tubes.  There are many quick food choices in the station which is nice for a family.  Now for the hotel:  Pros:        - Comfortable Beds.      - Very clean.      - Quiet in the room.      - Perfect location for traveling around London via tube or train.      - A lot of food choices in the station and outside the hotel.      - Family room comfortably fit an extra bed and a…",Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
2857,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2860-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Solid 4 Star hotel with great staff and early morning flights to LHR,"Spent a night here with my parents (we had two rooms). The rooms are a decent size, not huge but not too small. As a HHonors Gold member I did get free WiFi and breakfast (which I skipped since I am not a huge fan of breakfast). The hotel is central to the city and right on top of Paddington Station in case you don't want to walk. It is about a 30 min walk to Abbey Road Studios or in the other direction 20-25 min to Knightsbridge (Harrods, Harvey Nicks, shopping).  The restaurant has some interesting menu items and is worth a look.  I would consider this property for my next visit to London.",Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
2858,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2860-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,An ideal business hotel,"I stayed at this historic and centrally located property for a couple of nights during  a business trip in Feb 2012, as it was an ideal location to catch an early morning train to Reading. The breakfast was convenient and service levels were good.",Date of stay: February 2014,4.0
2859,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2860-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Very convenient,We were pleased with this Hilton.  It was convenient to take the train to and from Heathrow. Also close to the underground. We had breakfast added on. The restaurant was pleasant and the servers were all very friendly and helpful. There was a nice food selection.  Our room while not huge was comfortable and I was pleased to have a shower curtain instead of the half glass that I usually find in Europe. Bed was fairly comfortable. Those that staffed the lobby were always smiling and helpful. This was our second stay and will stay there again. ,Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
2860,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2865-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,So convenient,"I have stayed here twice. The first time was arriving from Australia as it was so convenient to get the Heathrow express, which practically takes you to the door, literally on Paddington Station. The second time was for a three night weekend for shopping and sightseeing. It's very convenient - modern and comfortable - not cheap, but worth it. I actually walked through Hyde Park to Oxford St shops and took a taxi back at the end of the day loaded down with purchases.",Date of stay: June 2014,4.0
2861,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2865-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Good hotel - dreadful welcome,"This hotel is ideally placed for Heathrow Airport with the Heathrow Express train service leaving from just beyond the back door. The rooms are good. However our recent stay was completely marred by the rudest receptionist we have ever encountered. His opening words were ""give me your credit card"" in an aggressive tone. Thereafter trying to check in was accompanied by increasing rudeness and aggression. Eventually I called the manager who checked us in efficiently and charmingly. I shudder to think of the impression of England that this man would give to overseas visitors arriving from Heathrow One other problem is that the back door giving access to the station is not open early in the morning thus negating the easy access to the station which is one of the hotels main…",Date of stay: August 2014,3.0
2862,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2865-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great location for exploring London,"We arrived on a 6am flight from Nairobi and were so glad to be checking into our hotel within 20 minutes of leaving Heathrow using the express train. Due to the early hour, our room was still occupied and the front desk arranged for our luggage to be stored.  The Executive Lounge  served a wonderful breakfast and provided a place to freshen up with a shower before we headed of to Hamleys toy store with the kids.  Our Queen Suite was ready when we returned from shopping, and the staff had brought in an extra twin bed without us requesting it. Great service, and our kids certainly appreciated the separate beds.  The service we received at the Hilton London Paddington was impeccable, from the friendly maid caring for our room during the 4 days we were in London to the Executive…",Date of stay: August 2014,5.0
2863,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2865-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great location with some service glitches,"We stayed here twice, as we arrived and departed from London on our trip to other UK destinations. You can't beat the location, attached to Paddington rail station, with it's express trains to Heathrow, and to the Underground, with convenient access to all of London. Beds were comfortable, rooms were clean and quiet, and everything functioned as it should.  The glitches are in the service. Both times we checked in, the front desk staff seemed more interested in talking to each other about some work issue than in promptly recognizing the arrival of a new guest to check in. Furthermore, though we had asked for a roll-away bed for our child, and confirmed that upon check-in, it was not in the room when we got there, nor did it appear in the several hours after going to dinner and…",Date of stay: September 2014,3.0
2864,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2865-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Okay but pricey,"The Hilton Paddington is extremely convenient with the Heathrow Express pulling directly into the back of the hotel.    I've stayed here several times and the rooms were alway nice, modern and very well maintained.  The prices are definitely excessive for the quality versus North America   but you can't argue with the convenience/location.  Staff were fast and efficient but certainly not warm or memorable.  Bottom line:  I'll stay again next business trip to the UK for the convenience but if I was on vacation I'd shop for a better value for my money.  ",Date of stay: September 2014,3.0
2865,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2870-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great Location if You're Arriving at Heathrow and Visiting London,"Take the Heathrow Connection from LHR to Paddington Station for GBP 10 and save a wad by avoiding the Heathrow Express.  The Connection leaves from the same airport platform as does the Express, but the Connection has some intermediary stops that makes the journey about 15 minutes longer than the Express.  Plenty of room for your cargo on the Connection and guess what?  You can hop off at Paddington, walk to the main concourse a look for an elevator (lift) that will take you and your baggage right up to the Hilton lobby for an easy check in.  Originally, what's now the Hilton Paddington once belonged to the Great Western Railway.  If you appreciate convenience, it doesn't get much easier than this in London.  Staff is cheerful, and can be relied upon to extend to you genuine…",Date of stay: August 2014,5.0
2866,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2870-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Stayed twice would stay again,I have stayed here on two occasions for a trip to london with my other half. It is a nice hotel when you walk in it reminds me of an old mans smoking club.  The reception seems to be a bit unorganised but other than that I have no problems with this place.  We have stayed on the 2nd floor and 4th floor the corridors are long so if you request to have a room closer to the lift they will try their hardest for you.  Breakfast in the morning was lovely its a help yourself style which for me is perfect you can never have enough hash browns!  I would stay here again if I was having another trip to london,Date of stay: November 2013,4.0
2867,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2870-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Great Location, great access",The Hilton at Paddington is an excellent choice primarily because of the train connection to Heathrow.The hotel is situated within the station itself with good local transport connections also.The price is variable depending on the season and overall offers a good business experience,Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
2868,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2870-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Convenient, comfortable but front desk problems","We arrived after a very long flight from Singapore and a short but comfortable ride on the Heathrow Express at about 7:30am in the morning. I had a very bad cold and fever/temperature that was clearly evident and we informed the person at check in that we would like a room as soon as possible. We were happy to wait as clearly this is very early for check in. After waiting nearly three hours and witnessing a stream of people checking out, nothing was happening. Despite literally sitting in front of the check out desk, with the same staff on duty the whole time, they claimed to have 'forgotten' about us and gave us keys right away but only when we went to the desk and asked what was going on. I have the feeling the rooms were ready much earlier. This was a really unpleasant start…",Date of stay: August 2014,3.0
2869,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2870-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great location for exploring London,"My husband & I booked Paddington while in London visiting our daughter. We booked the Paddington because we felt it was easy access to the tube & the trains. It is a busy hotel with a lot going on, but we were pleased with the service & attention we received. The executive lounge had a decent spread of nibbles and drink selections and the staff was attentive. The room was comfortable & quite large, but the decor looked a bit tired. I was impressed that the room was quite with the hotel & surroundings so busy! We got great nights sleep! We would definitely stay at the Hilton Paddington again!",Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
2870,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2875-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,The location tips this hotel into the very good category,2 nights stayed while on business in London. You can't beat the proximity to the Heathrow express and then of course access to the London underground. The hotel was all that you would expect from a Hilton. Rooms were of a good size (deluxe room). I didn't eat or drink in the hotel as there are lots of other options right outside the door at the station for a quick breakfast and then of course the whole of London for dinner. As a place to sleep with easy access to and from the airport then I give it top marks.,Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
2871,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2875-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Terrible from the moment we walked in ,"The service we received from the front desk agent (who we later learned was the manager) was awful.  He was rude, condescending, and could not care less about my sister and I.  We brought the issue to a different managers attention who gave us access to their private lounge but because we were so tired, we knew we weren't going to have the energy to make it down.  They then promised us a free in-room movie and a fruit platter.  We never received our platter and of course, at check out the movie wasn't adjusted.  Will never return! ",Date of stay: September 2014,1.0
2872,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2875-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Good hotel and nice room,I stayed here for one night recently and it is exceptionally convenient when travelling in on the Heathrow Express. Check in was friendly and fast and I was upgraded to a suite which was lovely.  The room was nice and roomy and the room was quiet.  I enjoyed my stay. Only criticism is that the Hilton Honors newspaper selection is non existent. You cannot choose whichever you want and instead are offered the I. This really needs to be sorted!!,Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
2873,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2875-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Easy to get to and travel from in busy London,Excellent location indeed! Journey to and from airport was easiest I have ever experienced. Tube also across the road so my business trip was more productive managing to kill more birds with one stone. Great service throughout . Very efficient staff & conference area was excellent with very comfortable amenities.,Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
2874,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2875-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Fabulous stay,"We have stayed at this hotel previously and noticed quite an improvement in customer service. The staff were friendly and efficient, going out of their way to make our stay enjoyable, from the executive check in to the door men. Our room was spacious and comfortable. Breakfast was busy but offered a good choice. The hotel is co-located with the Paddington station, offering easy access to public transport.",Date of stay: August 2014,5.0
2875,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2880-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Convenient, clean and good value","Location is excellent - access provided from Paddington station - very easy to find. Very comfortable bed in a clean and quiet room. Short walk to Hyde Park, and a longer but doable walk to Piccadilly Circus via Mayfair or Regent Street. I didn't eat here, but the lobby / cafe area looked crowded and perhaps not worth the effort.",Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
2876,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2880-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Nice place......but..,"Very nice hotel. Great location and amenities.   The one thing I do at all hotels is sleep.  Therefore,  the comfort of the bed is paramount.   I think a good GM of a hotel would stay in one room, one night per week to get a real feel for what it's like to actually sleep in on of the hotels rooms.     If that had happened here I am confident they would have had my worn out, sagging, springs popping through, terribly uncomfortable bed replaced immediately.   That is once his back allowed him to stand up and walk to the front desk.",Date of stay: September 2014,2.0
2877,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2880-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Sleepless night with unwanted guests,"Have recently returned from a girlie weekend in London which we booked through ticketline. We went to see Miss Saigon which was amazing and had an enjoyable day and evening but the same cannot be said for our experience at the hotel, we had 3 rooms between us and in two of the rooms we a problem with mice on further inspection neither room had been cleaned properly as there were other peoples belongings under the bed we ended up all staying in one room definitely not what we had paid for. We did inform staff of the mice on the night but at that time we were all 2 shaken to even attempt moving in case of further occurrences , we complained to the on duty manager in the morning and was assured that this was unacceptable and that we would be contacted on Monday to discuss our…",Date of stay: August 2014,1.0
2878,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2880-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,It was a very good stay.,Easy access to the train as we had to be in the airport at 7 am. Super quite. Stuff were very good and fast in service. As a business traveler at that trip we got 100% of what we were looking for. Lots of options for restaurants and bars walking distance- approximately 20 min in ether direction.,Date of stay: October 2013,5.0
2879,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2880-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,average stay,"Stayed here for 5 nights , great location easy access from Heathrow , nice clean room . Downside no free WiFi access in rooms can access in lobby which was always crowded , staff especially in reception rude and not helpful at all .",Date of stay: August 2014,3.0
2880,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2885-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great Hotel!,"A quick ""tube"" ride away from Heathrow, we stayed at this hotel for one night during a layover in London. It's perfect if you want to stay somewhere nice close to the airport. The lobby is very quaint with a fireplace and a little lounge area. The room was clean, with nice robes, very comfortable bed and room amenities. The staff was friendly and the check-in process was quick and painless. The only drawback was that free wifi was only available in the lobby.",Date of stay: December 2013,5.0
2881,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2885-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Nice hotel, easy access from train station",We stayed here for a week in June of 2014.  I was attending a conference at the hotel. Great access from Heathrow taking the express train.  The room was nice but a tad small.  The breakfast parlor was excellent and everyone was very courteous.  Very central location for doing all the tourist fun that London has to offer. We would stay there again.,Date of stay: June 2014,4.0
2882,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2885-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great location and value for money,"Me and my partner stayed here when we came down for a weekend break. We choose the hotel due to the location based directly outside paddington station. It was such a nice experience to get off the train and not have to get a taxi or the tube trying to locate the hotel. The room was really nice and clean. And had some nice perks it had a radio/alarm and I pod/iphone dock. A really sturdy ironing board and good quality iron, and this was the first hotel I have stayed in with a proper hairdryer. The bathroom was really good a nice size and had a really good shower. The bed was really comfortable had a feather duvet and nice pillows. The curtains were really thick making the room nice and dark. We payed £150 for the room I feel we got real value for money it was much better quality…",Date of stay: August 2014,5.0
2883,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2885-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Good location, but place could be a lot better ","Stayed for 2 nights on a work trip. Got a reasonable price via hotels.com, and the place was absolutely fine. But it's easy to see how it could be a lot better.   Pros:  - superb location, depending on where you need to be, but especially if you travel via LHR.  - large rooms, high ceilings, generally good fit out. And reasonably quiet and dark for sleeping. Good beds.  - speedy checkout service.   Cons: - stupidly expensive wifi. £75 for 6 days, say what? £15 for 1 day. Just silly. Plus connection was patchy.  - poor breakfast: 3 star experience, pretty greasy, nothing very fresh or appealing. I ate once, skipped the second. Would really not be hard to improve.  - key cards stopped working both days. Pretty annoying when it's late and there's a queue at reception.  - no…",Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
2884,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2885-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Very Conveniently Located! ,Stayed for 2 nights. Excellent location- just next to the Underground & a beautiful Over ground Train station. In fact the back exit is part of the over ground train station. Excellent for connectivity to LHR by train as Heathrow Connect & Express start from there. Best for business travellers. Excellent for leisure travellers as well as great bus connections to Central London and many tourist attractions in London. ,Date of stay: August 2014,5.0
2885,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2890-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Beautiful hotel in great location,"The location close to Paddington station cannot be beat.  Very convenient by Heathrow express to and from Heathrow.  Paddington area itself is very convenient with many restaurants around and close to major London attractions. The hotel itself is very nice, rooms are comfortable but pricey.",Date of stay: February 2014,4.0
2886,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2890-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Average experience,Arrived early from a long flight and the only room available was on the first floor which overlooked the street in front of hotel.  We knew immediately upon being shown the room why it was still available.  The room faced a busy street in front of the hotel and we can hear the street noises with the windows closed.  At night there were inexplicable machine noises which started up at various times/people shouting from the street.  We accepted the drawbacks and opted for the room anyway since we were so tired and did not want to wait several hours for a better room to become available.  We did asked the front desk agent if we can switch for a quieter room the next day and was told to check back the next day.  He did not offer to follow up on our request.  We repeated our request…,Date of stay: August 2014,3.0
2887,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2890-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great location,"Stayed for one night as in London for a concert at the O2 but wanted a location near the train station. The hotel is perfect location straight off train up escalator into hotel. The underground is next door & just a few stops to Central London for shops & all tourist attractions.  We had a lovely room on the 4th floor. Unfortunately I had a bad nights sleep as you could hear a base beat from music outside somewhere. I didn't complain as this was not the hotels fault. The hotel itself was very quiet at night. Great breakfast no queuing for tables, lovely food. Would definately stay again.",Date of stay: August 2014,5.0
2888,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2890-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Stayed longer 2nd time,"This time we stayed 3 days to ""acclimate"" to the time (last time was overnight). A comfortable bed in a bigger than average European room. Very convenient to the Heathrow express, but Paddington Station is away from the West End and the City and the nearby Underground stop was closed this time. Starbucks conveniently off the lobby for breakfast. The lobby is a thoroughfare for train travelers.",Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
2889,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2890-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Location Location Location,The proximity to the Tube AND the rail system - including the Heathrow Express is a definate plus. We had a 6 pm flight out of Heathrow at the end of our stay - and the Hotel allowed a 2 pm late checkout which was GREATLY appreciated and helped offset the only negative I had with the Hotel - The price ..,Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
2890,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2895-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Very convenient and a Great Room,"This hotel is attached to Paddington Rail Station - could not be more convenient for the area of London we most enjoy.   We stayed for two nights upon our arrival in London and it was a really nice stay.  The room was large by even American standards and the bed was super-comfortable.   The paid internet is annoying, but the quality of it was very good.",Date of stay: July 2014,5.0
2891,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2895-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Such a shame for a great place,"Lovely location, a little too pricey but well worth it from a location and room quality standpoint. Very friendly staff, including concierge. But of there there is a but. No lounge service after 11, no available bar after 12, unless you are up to inviting people to your room. Lousy selection of TV channels. My favorite place to stay in London, every 2 months, but then I remember all the negatives and don´t come back for 3 months. Just went back and was reminded of the negatives. I love this place but if you travel here for business, it´s pretty much not an option. And am very to say :(",Date of stay: August 2014,3.0
2892,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2895-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Convinience,"The convinience factor is unbelievable - just walked out of Heathrow Express train (15 min ride from LHR) , and walked 1 minute and saw the golden sign of Hilton and the entrance to lobby which is convineintly located through 1st floor of Paddington station. All key tourist locations are 12-15 GBP taxi ride away - especuially for us since we were 4 in the familiy and it was cheaper to take the taxi rather paying 3 GBP per person for the tube. The hotel doesnt offer free wifi in the rooms which is a drag, you pay 15 GBP per day for this. But you can access your emails ec from the hotel lobby. The staff is helpful and the rooms are OK considering its an old building. Halal food is plentful around the hotel , even the subway nearby is all-halal. There is a lebanese halal restaurant…",Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
2893,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2895-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,good hotel,"Stayed here for 2 nights over August Bank holiday, very nice hotel from the outside as well as the inside, with the tube station being directly opposite. There was a slight delay when checking in, as there was a queue of people waiting to check in. Stayed in a standard double room, which had everything needed such as hair dryer, ironing facilities, tea/coffee etc. Breakfast is buffet style, which was lovely with plenty of choice. Overall, enjoyed our stay and would stay again.",Date of stay: August 2014,3.0
2894,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2895-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,A wonderful Afternoon tea,My friends family and I had a wonderful afternoon at the Brasserie at the Paddington Hilton. The Food was very good and the staff very attentive most of the time. Towards the end of our time here the staff seemed to disappear and we had to wait a little while to get our bill.,Date of stay: August 2014,5.0
2895,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2900-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,A HUGE THANK YOU TO ALL THE STAFF,"We always try and stay there when in London which is about three or four times a year.   Not only is the location ideal for anyone arriving from Heathrow and whose business is mostly around London underground zone 1 but, much more importantly, we always experience outstanding service with a smile from everyone -   managers, receptionists, concierge, doormen, restaurant staff, housekeeping staff !   Truly exceptional ... and on this occasion the hotel went out of its way to provide me with a room that was adapted to the bad back that I had suffered on my way over from Switzerland     Anon.  Geneva Switzerland resident",Date of stay: August 2014,5.0
2896,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2900-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Paddington Hotel,"In London we stayed at the Hilton Paddington Hotel. It is a Excellent hotel ,We got there in the mid morning and were able to go to our room at once . The room was Very clean and nice They have a great Breakfast too, The lobby and building overall is very nice. Next door is the Paddington rail station so we took the tube train to the Westminster station where we walked to Big Ben, Parliament. the Abbey Up to Trafalgar Square down to Buckingham Palace .To Harrods Dept. Store to Hyde Park past the Princes Diana Memorial and all the things in between  and back to the Hotel. The hotel is close to things in London.",Date of stay: July 2014,5.0
2897,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2900-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Big room,"The room i stayed at was a family room, it had a good a size for the 3 of us (room + bathroom), and the bed was really confortable and there were details at the bedroom that we liked, even we could use our spanish plugs :) The only thing was it had no free wifi at the room, only at the lobby.  The hotel its not at the city centre, its quite far away but there are subways and buses that you can get to go to the centre. I think i would repeat if i have to go again to London.",Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
2898,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2900-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,good and bad,"In many fields or actions, good thing and bad thing live together. Nothing can't be perfect. If good thing exceed bad thing, experimenter feels its good. When Hilton Paddington in London improve its door keys & air conditioners and retrain ladies, no other hotels in London will beat this hotel because of its nice location and surrounded by many nice restaurants.",Date of stay: August 2014,3.0
2899,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2900-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Surprisingly Good,"Well, I expected little but was pleasantly surprised. A good few years since I was here & the rooms were better (renovated?) than I remembered. Classic but new. Front desk very accommodating & the bellman/luggage guys great - thanks chaps! Breakfast was very nice & calm (for a London Hilton!) - good sausages - a pleasant surprise, all-in-all. The location at Paddington was the decider for me & it proved invaluable in this regard. A solid choice.",Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
2900,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2905-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"100% satisfaction, service and location.","Arriving from USA to London Heathrow airport, took the Heathrow Connect, NOT Heathrow Express (1/2 the price and only 15 extra minutes), to London Paddington Rail station where Hilton is located inside the station. Don't worry no train noise, excellent  staff at front desk, helpful concierge and doormen. Lovely quiet room as requested on high floor. Breakfast, and snacks offered in Executive Lounge were delicious. Lots of food options in station, from pubs to Main Chain grocery stores (M&S), and food stands.This is the perfect Hotel, book early for best prices,wouldn't stay anywhere else. London Bus Tour stop just around corner too!",Date of stay: August 2014,5.0
2901,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2905-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Excellent location, good size room and good service","- It is right above the Heathrow Express train station, Paddington and next to tube station. - the breakfast is excellent, and it is free for kids below 11. - the only problem is : there is no free wifi provided",Date of stay: July 2014,5.0
2902,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2905-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,A very average overpriced Hilton,"This is one of those hotels that flex their prices outrageously dependent on supply and demand, they all do it but £155 to £350 in the space of a week for standard room!!  Not really a lot to say, it's a hilton and when you wake up you could be in any Hilton they're all the same, Steam bar off the lobby is very quiet and food is average. The main lobby area is used for meetings by people passing through from the station, always busy and noisy. Breakfast is poor, with cheap proteins, sausages especially bad. and they charge for wi-fi!?!",Date of stay: July 2014,2.0
2903,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2905-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,A bad experience....,"I was expecting luxury for our anniversary, instead we had a suite with hardly anything working properly, a constant banging noise from the heating system above us all night, and unfriendly/unhelpful staff who were rather rude in their manner.",Date of stay: August 2014,2.0
2904,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2905-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Good location but hotel looking tired,"Have stayed at this hotel many times over past 5 years or more but more recently noticed hotel  us feeling old & tired needs a makeover. Stayed in liecester square at Radisson Blu Edwardian and found rooms and bathrooms to be nicer, better location and they don't charge for internet.  Hilton charged me £56 for internet for 5 days outrageous given I was already staying in a larger sized room at cost much greater than Radisson. ",Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
2905,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2910-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,2 short stays on business,"I've been to London several times often staying near the airport. this time I stayed at this Hotel and it was good for me, I was near the ground transport for meetings, lots of places to get something to eat, the Room was good (no view, but I did not go for the view from the room) Front desk staff (actually all staff) was very friendly and helpful (they held my luggage while I interrupted my stay by two nights away) the Hotel has a Lobby Bar/Cafe where it is easy to meet or receive people. Overall, a pleasant stay and one of the most hassle free short visits I have had to London. mostly thanks to the front end staff!",Date of stay: July 2014,4.0
2906,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2910-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Dated hotel, but very convenient to the tube and railways",First let me compliment the staff for allowing me to checking in at 10 til 7 in the morning. I had to catch a train to Cardiff and was only expecting to drop off my luggage. This was very kind of the hotel check-in person to allow me to check in many hours prior to normal check-in time. The room was small as expected and a little dated. My only complaint was how tall the bathtubs were. They look like they came from the early 20th century. Otherwise I really enjoy the convenient of the access to the railways and the tube. It's a perfect hotel for someone who doesn't know London to start their exploration.,Date of stay: July 2014,4.0
2907,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2910-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Helpful staff, great location and good for people watching from the lounge","First time staying at this hotel but not the first at a Hilton and it didn't disappoint.  Wifi connection great, room very spacious and comfortable only ""bad"" thing is a lack of an on site car-park although you are directed to use Paddington station car-park (24 hours was £25) accessed by foot at the end of platform 1, when in the car park and looking at the train tracks, head to the right hand corner and you'll see the exit.  As for the hotel, good elevators, clean hotel, executive lounge has a nice view of paddington itself for those who enjoy people watching, it's a little small but they are undergoing some renovation work (August 2014) which should give a more spacious lounge.  Great direct access to the station and all the shops, restaurants etc inside Paddington. Access to…",Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
2908,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2910-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Pleasantly Surprised,I was pleasantly surprised with Hilton Paddington. Firstly the location is brilliant. @ Paddington St so Heathrow Express/Tube outside front door. I walked to Bond St/Marble Arch for some shopping. 15 min cab ride to Banking district (15 pounds) for some mtgs but can do a lot of mtgs at the hotel too. Check-in was smooth/efficient. I stayed in Room 101 which was excellent - huge ceilings/spacious/really nice furnishings/surprisingly quiet. Room service great too. Highly recommend.,Date of stay: July 2014,4.0
2909,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2910-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great location,"I can't compliment the folks at the Hilton Paddington too much. We took the train up from Cornwall to Paddington and arrived with 2 bikes (my wife was heading off on a cycling tour into Europe the next day). The hotel staff were so welcoming, taking a real interest in the trip and making an effort to find a room for us with enough space for the bikes. Next day they even wished them well as they left.  And the rooms, if you are lucky enough to have one of the Terrace Suites with a balcony and a view over the city then enjoy it.  We had a relaxed morning waiting for our friend to arrive on the balcony in the sun.  Thanks Hilton Paddington",Date of stay: August 2014,5.0
2910,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2915-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Friendly service,"Service is very friendly, and very helpful. I am very comfortable in the Hilton. if I go back to London I would definitely stay at this hotel again. Very close to centre London and all the attractions. Excellent service and good value for money.",Date of stay: June 2014,4.0
2911,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2915-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Hilton Paddington-Double Thumbs Up~!,"We needed our first trip to London and the Hotel stay to be safe, comfortable, hassle free and be located where the first timer could get around town via Taxi or Tube and be able to use the Healthrow Express coming and going from the airport.  The Hilton Paddington exceeded our expectations.   From the very quiet, neat, and clean business class room(with great water pressure and temperature), my full pre-paid breakfast buffet, taxis right in front, and the Tube station right across the street, I couldn't have asked for more. The staff was always available for questions and advice. Some travelers look to save a little money(i.e., location, no breakfast) but for us this was the clear winner after doing all the pretrip research. My advice is to include the breakfast, it's the best…",Date of stay: August 2014,5.0
2912,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2915-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Okay stay,I had a short stay at the Hilton London Paddington.  The hotel itself is spacious and is in a great location however the facilities are quite outdated and could use renovation.  If wifi connectivity is important to you (as it was to me) you will really struggle.  Otherwise the room was functional and provided all needed amenities and service overall was good.,Date of stay: September 2013,4.0
2913,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2915-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Wonderful Attentive service,"After travelling for 5 weeks around the UK we spent our last 4 nights at the Hilton Paddington. A beautiful hotel with spacious rooms that are tastefully decorated!  Thank you to the staff who made our last 4 days in London so memorable. Namely George, Denicia, Grazia, Sumith and Elena in the executive lounge and Charles in the lobby, and of course Mark. We will have fond memories of our stay  because of your care and attention! Kylie and Don, from Australia  ",Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
2914,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2915-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Excellent staff,"I stayed for 2 night location perfect close to train station to airport close to city center Staff very helpful especially Mr Rakesh was very helpful and accomidate us in busy session and upgrade our room,also concierge Shankar very knowledgable with correct perfect advice where to go and spend night have pleasant personality",Date of stay: August 2014,5.0
2915,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2920-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Worst service ever - Fawlty Towers would be better,This was the worst service at any hotel I've ever experienced.  The all male staff seemed to be mistaken that they were actually there to support the guests.  If you actually managed to push your way past the staff at the entrance then prepare yourself to be begrudgingly checked in.  This team have obviously gone to the Basil Fawlty School of Hospitality!  I'll be trying the Mecure across the road next time.,Date of stay: August 2014,1.0
2916,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2920-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great location for Heathrow and Central London in one hotel,"I had stayed here a few years back so knew its location and it suited me on my last night in the UK with a 0900 check in next day at Terminal 3. Receptionist was friendly and very helpful and even though I was on a BA booking, took my HH number and explained it would give a night's credit on the HH account. The room was very comfortable and quiet and well appointed. Next morning I was able to leave the hotel easily to be on the train within a few minutes and then it was an easy suitcase push to Terminal 3. The only thing that marred the stay was that the lift from the station concourse(which is a Network Rail one) was out of order. I arrived off a train from Cardiff with 2 small cases and a large case on the trolley which of course I could not take on the lift. A passer by…",Date of stay: July 2014,4.0
2917,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2920-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Customer service is horrible, there is much better in London, AVOID this hotel!","Had a problem with our reservation and instead of the hotel contacting us they cancelled our reservation.  When we got there, they admitted they could ""reinstate"" our booking, but wouldn't.  They decided to give us a ""new"" registration at rack rate.  The check in staff was RUDE and CONDESCENDING.  After intially accepting their offer, I finally decided to walk away and found a much nicer hotel in London where the staff was SO welcoming at a decent rate.   I have been a Hilton Honors members for years and usually stay in Hilton hotels 15-20 times per year on business.",Date of stay: August 2014,1.0
2918,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2920-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,REFERRAL,"I recommend the Hilton at Padding-ton, it is 30 minutes from Heathrow airport  and a an independent traveler's delight. The location of the hotel avails one of the underground, surface rails and groceries, assortment of meals and shopping from personal things to business needs.",Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
2919,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2920-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Excellent hotel; superb location!,"Superb location directly across the exit from Paddington Underground.  From this location, you are just minutes away from the major tourist attractions on the Tube.  If you exit the hotel from the  back of the lobby passing Starbucks, you will walk right into Paddington Station where you can take the Heathrow Express to the Airport.  The train runs every 10 minutes and takes only 15 minutes to the airport.  Paddington Station also has lots of great places to eat. The hotel room was spacious as was the bathroom.  The staff at the Concierge and Reception were very helpful.  My only complaint is that the hotel does not offer free Wi-Fi.  Guests have to go down to the lobby in a specific area to access Wi-Fi.  The hotel is minutes away from the Apollo theater where we enjoyed seeing…",Date of stay: August 2014,5.0
2920,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2925-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Excellent location, good hotel","You can walk from Paddington station into the hotel. Easy access from the airport due to the heathrow express connection. Excellent for business meetings. In addition to the more expensive meeting rooms, you can book a room in the business launch and pay by the hour. Rooms are good. Restaurant and gym/spa are below the normal Hilton experience, but not a problem due to plenty of alternatives nearby.",Date of stay: July 2014,4.0
2921,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2925-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Very good,Very good location. The staff was very cordial and helpful. Cleansiness was excellent as was breakfast. Gym was well equipped and for joggers Hyde Park is 5min away. Highly recommended as a 4 star hotel. With some more effort it could easily be upgraded to a 5 star. ,Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
2922,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2925-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Awful Service,"Me and a relative stayed one night here from 4th of  July. The location is great, right by Paddington station. The hotel was really nice apart from one thing. The cleaning staff took way too long to get the room ready. We were so fed up of waiting we asked the lady at the reception when our room will be ready, she said 20 minutes. ONE HOUR had passed, and it still wasn't ready, so we managed to get a different room which was not the one we wanted but we had to do this because I was tired and needed a rest ASAP. The room was nice and clean but they really need to sort out their cleaning staff.",Date of stay: July 2014,3.0
2923,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2925-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great location,"This hotel has an excellent location and the convenience of having the train station connected to the back of it.  One can take this train to the airport.  The advantage of having a train station at the back is it has 2 small supermarkets and several small restos at said station.  Breakfast is good and wifi is also good.  Staff are friendly and efficient.  If one would join grayline tours, this provides the ""just right"" pick-up time at 830 am.  The farther hotels will have earlier or too early pick-up times.  Thus, it has the balance of convenience and good facilities.  Will definitely stay here again when in London next time.",Date of stay: April 2014,5.0
2924,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2925-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Good location for Heathrow but dated,"This hotel is right next to the Paddington train and tube stations but is a let down on three scores. 1. Wifi is still not free and even unavailable at the lobby. 2. The lobby area has only 2 seats, the rest of the seating are linked to the restaurant and does not invite non-drinkers/diners. 3. It charges too much for too few amenities by comparison to its competitors.  Conclusion:  If taking the Heathrow Express is important to you, it is the best hotel - just swallow the indignity of having to pay for wifi, something you get for free in almost every 3rd world country hotel. On my recent trip to Eastern Turkey, 14 of the 15 hotels offered free wifi. The sole exception was the Hilton Hotel at Adana, which incidentally, was also the most expensive of the hotels.  If you are…",Date of stay: July 2014,3.0
2925,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2930-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Weekend stay,"Stayed here last weekend for 3 nights. Friendly check in, we were early so left our bags with concierge. We stayed in Executive room which was clean, comfortable and spacious. Used executive lounge each evening for drinks and nibbles and also took breakfast there. Lounge staff were friendly and Efficient.",Date of stay: August 2014,5.0
2926,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2930-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Hilton London Paddington--Easy access but ...,"Stayed here one night with family.  It was easy access from London Heathrow, which was great. Walked around the neighborhood.  It is quite a distance to walk from the main attraction area or shopping area but close to some ethnic areas.  Had great lunch at a Turkish restaurant and dinner at a Malaysian restaurant near by--Very authentic and reasonably priced.  This would be a good transit hotel.  Executive club area on first floor has great view of train station with good breakfast and good evening cocktail hour.",Date of stay: July 2014,3.0
2927,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2930-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Location just beside paddington station, near to restaurants",The hotel is 4 star with air cond system in every room. The bed is comfortable queen size. Need to pay 15 pound for the wifi for 24 hours.  Tips: 1. Get the room with view of paddington national railway train station for more quiet and avoid the room facing main road. 2. Do not touch the things in the mini bar to avoid any additional charges to your bill. 3. Room has normal local tv channel and pay tv for movies. 4. The breakfast is very delicious and worth it. 5. I get a good hotel rate using tripadvisor online.,Date of stay: August 2014,3.0
2928,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2930-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,25 min wait to check in,"I feel for the staff at this hotel as they are so polite and cannot do enough to help you at check in.  Unfortunately the Hilton systems are not so helpful.  Systems were down for 30 mins and therefore I was not able to check in despite arriving tired at 9.10pm.  Apparently happens nightly although not for quite so long normally.  Still unacceptable, despite the nice offers for me to sit in the lounge with free wifi.  Hilton Group - sort it out. ",Date of stay: August 2014,2.0
2929,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2930-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Business stay at Hilton Paddington Station,"Everything was great at this hotel -- surprising since it is essentially a hotel at a train station.  This was a business trip and it was so convenient using the Heathrow Express train from the airport. The regular rooms are nice but a little small for US standards. I upgraded to an Executive room. It was very nice and access to the Executive Lounge is a definite plus. We had a business dinner at the hotel restaurant and the food was excellent. The conference room was more than adequate and I also liked the bar. When I return to London, even for a leisure trip, I will look to stay at this hotel. In fact, I just recommended it to a friend.",Date of stay: July 2014,5.0
2930,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2935-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great Location & a Good Hotel,"The Heathrow Express brings one in 15 mins to the Centre of London-  into Paddington Station.  Barely 200 yards on arrival you are at the Hotel Lobby.  Greeted by courteous staff at the reception, Check-in is quick and one is all set with Internet connection & to the room in 5 minutes (if there is no rush at the counter). Rooms are spacious compared to other London hotels.  The air conditioning  was good.  Toilet well appointed.  As soon as one gets in to the room a staff calls to inquire if all is fine with the room & if anything is required. the Hotel is well connected by bus, underground & Taxi to the rest of London.  The Hop-On-Hop-Off Bus also leaves from close by. The Breakfast is awesome. It's ""eat all you can"".  Wide choice of food. Highly recommended for stay.  A bit…",Date of stay: July 2014,4.0
2931,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2935-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great for business,"I stayed here for eight nights, so I feel like I really get what it's like to stay here. Like other folks mentioned, staying here is so convenient. There's a train that is non-stop from Heathrow to the train station steps from the hotel. And if you're taking the tube during your stay, the entrance is right downstairs where the train is.   Small things made this a great place to stay. They put free bottled water in your room every day. There's a cute, useful grocery store and drugstore right downstairs.   However, it was very hot the whole time I was there, and the air conditioning is just not as good as places in the U.S. Tip: The room I stayed in (409) has the air conditioner near the desk, around the corner from the bed, making it impossible to get good air flow while…",Date of stay: August 2014,3.0
2932,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2935-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Fantastic concierge,This hotel deserves mention and especially credit to the concierge gentlemen were by far the best service I have had in any Hilton in the UK.  They go above the call of duty to be helpful . It was a perfect location for sightseeing and so easy to get to our outbound flight from Heathrow airport.,Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
2933,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2935-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Convenient - yet not so much.,"Stayed here one night for an early train to LHR. Room small and very far from lifts, bed ok. They charge ≈£15/day for internet, which I find shocking in 2014 when the smallest mud huts in Thailand offer this for free. Safety box placed on the floor of the closet, of course completely useless, sending a strong signal from designers and management that they just don’t care. The area has nothing to offer but the LHR express. Not value for money.",Date of stay: July 2014,3.0
2934,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2935-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Convenient but expensive,"This worked for us because of the location, but it was not good value for money. The room was really small and there was no bedside cabinet on one side of the double bed. The decor was nice. The staff were friendly. The wi-fi was really slow. The air-con was good. There were a number of bars, shops and restaurants in close proximity. I would possibly stay here again but I do feel like I paid too much for what I received.We are Hilton Honors members and have visited much better Hilton hotels than this one.",Date of stay: July 2014,3.0
2935,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2940-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,ok and convenient,"Not excellent but very convenient in terms of location, attached to Paddington Station, specially if flying to from Heathrow. Have been in this hotel two times, one including the use of meeting rooms, which were ok. Rooms are very ok as well. Much much much much better than Hilton Metropole few blocks down. Service is average (although London doesn't excel in this front, so perhaps it is as best as you can get in London). Typical Hilton, nothing more, nothing less. On the less front: there is no proper room service late at night: no warm food options. Stayed in the phone forever to get someone to answer. Waited for 1 hr. for sleepers and toothbrush to arrive. You really need to fight for every need to be satisfied. On the plus side: people at reception were very friendly.",Date of stay: June 2014,3.0
2936,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2940-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,hilton paddington london,"just spent the weekend here, fabulous. top hat and tails with red carpet at the front door, this place is really lovely. the breakfast was to die for. will definitely go back and Paddington station is right next door",Date of stay: July 2014,5.0
2937,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2940-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Convenient for Heathrow,"I stayed here as an alternative to the hotels at Heathrow as it is attached to Paddington Station for the Heathrow Express.   The room I had was very comfortable and didn't suffer from the tiny room problems you often get in London Hotels that have many rooms.  I only had 3 issues with the hotel on the one night I stayed.  The first is the windows, no blind and impossible to cover the frame with the curtain so the sun pierced the room at 6:30am.   The water supply to the shower and bath shut down every couple of minutes and then returned piping hot on my head.  So these two are pretty ""room specific"" I guess.  The third is the buffet breakfast.  Being an ex-pat living in the US I religiously track down the full English breakfast when returning to London.  My God, was this bad.  …",Date of stay: July 2014,3.0
2938,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2940-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Cool. Convenient and comfortable accomodation,"Stayed one night to break a journey and do sightseeing. Extremely convenient location in paddington station. Not sure if our room was upgraded but it certainly was not small, it was a twin and very comfortable. Air conditioning very welcome due to the hot weather. Food from room service and at breakfast excellent. All staff professional and courteous. Very enjoyable stay. Do search thoroughly for best price though as prices differed tremendously from each booking site on the internet.",Date of stay: July 2014,5.0
2939,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2940-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Hotel to stay while in a London whether Vacation or Business,"My first visit to this property in London was 2009, since then Iam a regular here visit 3 to 4 times a year both business and vacation. Most convenient location whether business trip or pleasure, Paddington station is one floor below great for business travelers , tube stations and bus stops a minute walking distance. Very helpful staff , they make check in easy, make a point to remember your name if visiting second time, help accommodate late check out or early check in requests if possible. Ask for lobby manager Rakesh or front desk Ritesh, they are very helpful with everything a first timer in London needs. Rooms are decent size, clean and well maintained. Staff is very responsive to your needs, Internet connectivity was a issue now they seem to have sorted it out. If you are…",Date of stay: July 2014,5.0
2940,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2945-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Very convenient, not QUITE up to the Hilton Standards","The Hilton Paddington is located right inside the station at Paddington. Very convenient if you are taking a train the next morning.  Overall it's a typical 4 star London property. Clean rooms, all be it a bit small. A bit noisy as the doors and walls are thin. Staff is foreign and efficient (again typical London). Linens were clean, but nothing special. Room decor was ok, but again nothing special. It was a room for two night, not a memorable visit. Not Hilton.   My main issue was with the restaurant.THE BRASSERIE. Service was slow, food was at best mediocre, my waiter was at best disinterested. (Note to management, ban mobiles during working hours)  There are a lot of dining options in the area so I suggest giving the hotel restaurant a miss.  Given the price premium, given…",Date of stay: June 2014,4.0
2941,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2945-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Average except location,"Clean rooms, comfortable beds with easy access to London Paddington train/tube station.  Connected to London Paddington Train Station and the Tube line this property is a fantastic location to stay while visiting London.   Things that were good about this property The staff The location Clean rooms Comfortable beds Easy check-in/out  Things that could have made this a four-star review... Update decor, brighten the rooms from the dark, dated look Increase channel count on telly - less news channels, more sport! Fix the ice machines - was broken on my floor, made me go down one level to get ice",Date of stay: February 2014,3.0
2942,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2945-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,nice suite with huge deck,"We stayed in the Muirgold suite for 5 nights. The suite is on the top floor. It consists of two spaces, each the size of a decent-sized (for London) regular room. One space has a large bed (king size, I believe), small desk, plus cupboard, the other has a desk, a sofa, and a minibar, and will easily accommodate an added rollaway bed. Perfect for two adults + one teenager. Very nice bathroom with separate shower and bath. Bed comfortable, just the right softness. But what makes this suite special is the huge deck with views of surrounding area + Shard and Gherkin on the horizon. Awesome, especially at nightfall !! Breakfast in the Executive Lounge was a pleasant surprise: regular cooked-breakfast buffet (limited but sufficient choice), in a very nice cozy space with a view into…",Date of stay: July 2014,5.0
2943,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2945-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Convenient location,"The Hilton Paddington is one of my favourite places to stay in London. Although it is not right in the centre of action, it has excellent transport links; to the airport via Heathrow Express or the much cheaper Heathrow Connect and it sits virtually above the Bakerloo and District/Circle Underground lines. The rooms are tastefully furnished and well maintained. The air conditioning also copes well with the hottest London days. Prices though can be expensive although it is possible to get a reasonable rate occasionally. Conveniently within Paddington Station there is a Sainsburys and M&S for groceries.",Date of stay: June 2014,5.0
2944,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2945-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great Hotel & Location,Exceptional staff and quality.  The location offers the convenience of being able to get anywhere in the city within 30 minutes or less as well as the Heathrow connect train service to the outlying areas.  I have stayed here on business and family holiday.,Date of stay: July 2014,5.0
2945,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2950-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Awful!!,"The best part of this one night stay was checking-in, perfect, then checking-out, easy. The room was very dated, the only bar was even more dated, and the breakfast in the 'executive lounge' was probably the worst breakfast I have had anywhere in the world. All this for PSTG 380.00!! Please note the 'terrible' service below does not relate to check-in, which was very pleasant and efficient.",Date of stay: July 2014,1.0
2946,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2950-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Best room, for in and out travel.","Connected to heathrow express last stop or by a few stops to paddington subway station across street. this hotel is a welcome sanctuary for a weary traveler or someone with an early connection... No faults on the room, well worn and older but fairly clean and modern.... Dont get me wrong this is not where i would want to spend a week but a recovery day and 2 more sleeps was about as much as i wanted. The hotel is easy to connect to most other places in london by subway or cab and there is lots of food and bars in the area... THE INTERNET is a ripoff at 14 Pounds a day. Shame on you Hilton and you can go across the street and buy a data sim card or even a internet link for much less... Hotel is more biz then anything. We had the terrace suite which had an awesomely large deck and…",Date of stay: July 2014,4.0
2947,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2950-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Convenient but flawed,"I stayed at this hotel as I needed to be close to Paddington station. As you can access the hotel directly from the station, I felt it was ideal.  Its very much a business centric hotel - I've had meetings myself here in the past. The rooms are normal Hilton standard - a bit dated, those annoying UHT milks to go with pretty dire instant coffee etc. But two things really let the hotel down.  Firstly £15 for 24 hours of internet access. I pay less than that for a months broadband at home! If I was in a £70 a night Premier Inn - fair enough. But a £200 a night business hotel???  Secondly - the shower. I knew I was in for a bad time when  I saw that it had been left on max temp = and the shower head had been set to the minimum number of holes. The reason soon became clear - the…",Date of stay: July 2014,3.0
2948,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2950-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great if you like a cold shower!,"Given the cost of the room, I would have expected hot water. Problem reported, but not resolved. Had to have cold shower as had run out of time before heading to airport. No acknowledgement of problem or offer to reduce charges at check in. Oh dear….",Date of stay: July 2014,2.0
2949,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2950-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Best hotel ever,"We only regret that our plans did not include a longer stay - if we had only known how clean, convenient and hospitable the whole experience would be, we would have booked longer, and certainly will the next time our plans take us to London.  At the reception desk we met Neil Peters who especially made our stay memorable.  We found the location very convenient,  at Paddington station, after a brief rail ride from Heathrow.  We highly recommend this hotel.",Date of stay: July 2014,5.0
2950,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2955-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Pleasantly Surprised!!,"My husband and I stayed at the hotel for 3 nights and we were pleasantly surprised. The hotel has a real classy/glamour  feel. The room was very spacious and clean.  The hotel have a very good location across the street from Paddington underground which an inside door to Paddington station, also near restaurants, pubs, and supermarkets. Short walking to parks.",Date of stay: July 2014,5.0
2951,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2955-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Classic, and convenient","I spent a week for business in June. The hotel is conveniently located above the Paddington station, near Hyde Park. So literally an elevator ride away to the tube ( 10minutes to St Pancreas and direct from Heathrow with the express)  No complains, decently sized room facing the inside ""courtyard"" with no view but quiet, and that is what I had asked for!  All the usual amenities, coffee, tea, water, cookies...safe, blow dryer, ironing board and iron available in the room. .bathroom well supplied! New bath towels might be a suggestion!  All in all, a pleasant stay in a classic hotel with good service! I will go back....",Date of stay: June 2014,4.0
2952,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2955-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Very convenient for Business and Travel,I stayed here with my wife on a short trip to London. Two days business and a day visit with some friends and a day at the Wimbledon Tennis Championships. From London Heathrow we were able to take the Heathrow Express to Paddington Station and were pleasantly surprised to find the entrance to the Hilton is within the station. It was so nice to be able to get to the hotel so easily after a long overnight flight. The rooms are clean and reasonable in size but the furnishings seemed a bit dated and wifi was an additional fee. Service was excellent upon our arrival. Convenience is the big plus for this hotel.  I was able to have a couple of business meetings in the lounge area of the hotel which was quite full with others conducting business. Being attached to the station there are…,Date of stay: July 2014,4.0
2953,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2955-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,The right place to stay!,"Thank you Paddington Hilton for a great venue and facility. After flying in from Australia, catching the train into Paddington, walking through to the welcoming Hilton was excellent. Great room, plenty of space, helpful staff, free wifi, just what was needed,",Date of stay: July 2014,5.0
2954,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2955-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Worked Well for Us! Would Stay Again!,"We spent our last night here of an eleven night journey in the UK. I used a combination of British Airways Avios points (the last of them) and $125.00 to book a room.  We arrived at 10:30 AM and were greeted by a friendly face in Hazel.  I asked for a queen or king bed room instead of our assigned two twins, and she found a queen that was ready right then. Sweet! She also mentioned breakfast was included in the rate. I also asked for a quiet room, and Hazel delivered on that account as well. Thank you, Hazel!  I loved the art deco theme of the hotel with warm amber wood colors in the room and decorative touches.  The room was compact but not claustrophobic.  Large marble sinked bathroom with plenty of space for toiletries.  There was drawer space and closet space in the room so…",Date of stay: July 2014,5.0
2955,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2960-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,London Paddington Hilton,"Great location, great hotel. Good breakfast in the executive lounge and always a snack or soda available during the day. Couldn't be more convenient for the Underground or Railway. Friendly staff and nice room.",Date of stay: July 2014,5.0
2956,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2960-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Overnight stay to catch a flight at Heathrow,Wonderful place to stay!!  I was able to walk from the hotel to the Heathrow Express to catch my flight.  I recommend this for anyone needing to fly out the next day from Heathrow!!  It is a bit pricey but you don't need to catch a cab to the airport.  The breakfast buffet is also a plus!!,Date of stay: July 2014,5.0
2957,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2960-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Sabbatical,"We enjoyed our stay to the fullest.  Upon my arrival Rakesh was extremely helpful and accomdating and the rest of the staff as well.  The location is convenient to Paddington station, Little Venice,  the Big Bus Tour, bus and tubes.  The breakfast at the restaurant was delicious and the beds were very comfortable as well. I look forward to visiting again with my family this time.    Rakesh, thank you for everything!",Date of stay: July 2014,5.0
2958,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2960-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Excellent stay,"Was really happy. Great location near train, underground, buses etc. We stayed in a queen suite and it was comfortable for what we required.  Breakfast was nice. Staff were happy and helpful.  It was expensive, but I only say that because of the poor conversion rate between the English Pound and our Australian Dollar.  Also, as a suite guest you get access to a private lounge that was pretty good.  I agree that yes the décor is a bit dated, and yes there is no real view to be had, but to be honest, that's not the reason we stayed there.  Overall I would certainly recommend.",Date of stay: June 2014,4.0
2959,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2960-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Very friendly helpful staff,"The staff are really responsive, the concierge helped us arrange an open bus tour with guide for the group. Rooms aren't the most modern and views are non existent but very convenient for Paddington station with good links to LHR and good tube links. Food was nice. Not too expensive either. ",Date of stay: July 2014,4.0
2960,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2965-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Queen Suite - very good room - friendly staff,"Great Hilton, convenient location, friendly staff. Only bad experience had nothing to do with the hotel, but with the elevator down to the train station. We had a lot of bags and the elevator has a stop above the Hilton level and the train level is below. Each time it went by, it was filled with other travellers with suitcases or service staff with trolleys. It's a really slow elevator and we spent just over ten minutes watching these full elevators go up and down before we gave up and I moved our suitcases, car seats and strollers down using the escalators two pieces at a time. The point is, if you're travelling by yourself it's really fast and easy to get to the heathrow express (maybe three minutes from room to train). If you're a pack mule carrying what seems like all of…",Date of stay: July 2014,4.0
2961,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2965-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Mixed Bag - Expected More,"Recently returned from 2 night stay on business at Hilton Paddington, let me try and summarize the good and the not so good...  Good:  -Rooms are a ""decent"" size for London - I wouldn't say large (as I read elsewhere in reviews), but they are not tiny either -Beds are comfortable...very comfortable bed, pillows, etc...biggest plus for me really -Did find me a room at 12 noon after arriving from Heathrow 8:30 AM - this is balanced however by my comments around service under ""Bad"" below...it took considerable effort and putting up with poor service to get the room  Bad:  - Service, arriving 8:30 I asked about early check-in which I was told was possible at 11:30.  Came back at 11:30, told by another person that was not possible and that check-in was at 3:00PM.  I would not have…",Date of stay: July 2014,2.0
2962,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2965-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,convenient++ clean & quiet,"at the end of a month long trip to Europe, it was so convenient to get off the train & walk into the hotel from the station platform & then catch the Heathrow express from there the following night. The room was a good size & very quiet, the bed comfortable, there was a large writing desk with plenty of room to spread out. The outlook from the window was not the best, probably as we had booked at a very discounted rate on the web, but the room itself was certainly of a high standard. The breakfast was excellent but pricey- I'd recommend making a booking that includes breakfast",Date of stay: July 2014,4.0
2963,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2965-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Good Value,I know this hotel very well and can recommend it as a great business hotel - my only complaint would be that the WiFi is very expensive - that said the speed was very acceptable. The rooms are clean and tidy and have all the facilities you would expect and some that you wouldn't.,Date of stay: July 2014,4.0
2964,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2965-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Awful,Horrified to find bed in the room was wet - all down one side wet through to the mattress and the sheets.  It was so obvious - someone in the hotel must have known of the problem - and yet the room was made available to paying guests.,Date of stay: July 2014,2.0
2965,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2970-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,A Very Enjoyable Stay,"I always stay at the Paddington Hilton when I am in London - not so much for its location near the Heathrow Express, but rather for the service, cleanliness, and overall ambiance.  It is truly a wonderful place to stay and I highly recommend it. One of its managers, Garth is especially accommodating and pays attention to every detail for his guests. Thank you Garth!",Date of stay: July 2014,5.0
2966,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2970-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Incredibly clean place!,"My name is Ben Afia.I  have been a regular guest at the hotel and kept coming again and again to this good venue.My   five-year  experience with the London Hilton Paddington hotel  enables me to express a true opinion on the hotel. With  15    eight_night  stays  ,I could assess all the aspects of the hotel. I observed every single staff member and  noticed their high degree of commitment in carrying out their jobs. I respect them all for their indefatigable devotion to quality . Despite the fact that the hotel is old ;it remains popular for its excellent location(adjacent to Paddington station)  and the quality of the services. Still,one drawback:it is too expensive with an average of 260 pounds a night including breakfast. The staff is welcoming and helpful in evry corner of…",Date of stay: June 2014,4.0
2967,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2970-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"location, good rooms, nice staff","this hotel is a hidden-in-plain-view gem. it's at Paddington Station, which means when you have to get to Heathrow you walk down stairs in your t-shirt no matter what the weather and are at the terminal in 15 minutes no matter what the weather. you can walk to Hyde Park and get ANYWHERE in London via tube without going outside. rooms are BIG and cheap by London standards and it's a Hilton so they take care of you. seriously a no-brainer for business or pleasure.",Date of stay: July 2014,5.0
2968,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2970-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,No room at the Inn,"Booked this hotel for 2 nights from 24th June to 26th June.  Rate was 426 GBP per night which was a lot higher than what I expected but hotel was located where I needed to be as my wife was arriving in the evening at Heathrow.  Made booking via Hiltons website and received usual email, guaranteed for late arrival etc. Arrived at hotel at approx 11:30 pm. No one at reception for 1st 10 mins, and another couple in front of us. When reception person did arrive, things clearly were not right as couple were arguing with receptionist about not having rooms. My wife and I patiently waited knowing that we had a confirmed booking. When we eventually got served after 30 mins (so it is now after midnight), we were told they had no rooms available.  I explained that we had a guaranteed…",Date of stay: June 2014,1.0
2969,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2970-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Family holiday,"We had a wonderful experience at Hilton Paddington , guess we will be staying only here whenever we are in London again .  Situated just opposite the famous Paddington tube station , it is very accessible and very central. Helpful and hospitable staff and special thanks to our very very helpful manager on duty Mr . Rakesh . Last though not the least , the rooms were a very good size including the toilet. ",Date of stay: July 2014,5.0
2970,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2975-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Love This Place and Hotel Best Location,This hotel is awesome! The rooms are very clean the staff cares about there guest and the location is amazing! the train takes you straight from Heathrow airport to this hotel! It also connects with other trains that came in handy that I used to meet my friend in Wales and the tube is also located right at this hotel! When I head back to London this is the hotel that I will stay at again! Thank you Hilton Paddington for making my stay so enjoyable! I will be back!!! Your staff and location are amazing!,Date of stay: March 2014,5.0
2971,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2975-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Too expensive for what you get,"While it wasn't an awful hotel it was very expensive for what you get. I was here for a conference and the rate was around £360 per night. The hotel was generally overcrowded. It got incredibly hot in the communal areas, and there was often no room to sit and have meetings as there wasn't enough space. The staff were ok. Expect to wait a good 10 minutes to get served at the bar. I would suggest that the hotel either removes the policy of allowing people to sit at the bar itself, or employs more staff. The lifts are a bit slow and creaky, which is an apt description of the overall hotel. All in all i would suggest that this hotel was great 15 - 20 years ago, but since then very little has changed (other than the price) and now it just seems tired. The only thing they could do to…",Date of stay: June 2014,2.0
2972,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2975-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great location,"Good location to get around London...Executive lounge is good and well stocked throughout the day the breakfast options were good too, the rooms are a decent size with all the amenities you need the bathroom is a good size too...comfortable bed and a good nights sleep. Well stocked mini bar and usual amenities in the room...lots of stores / delis on Paddington Station and a small shelf can be found in the room fridge for your own goodies. Stayed here many times in the past and well recommended....",Date of stay: July 2014,4.0
2973,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2975-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Grand stately hotel,"This is a great place when you arrive into the UK and take the Heathrow Express train to Paddington.  Rather than fight the queue for the taxi - I always book here for at least the first night -- the décor is really in keeping with the building and has a 20's look to it which just adds to the charm.  The rooms are okay by ""European"" size and the bathroom is actually a little bigger than I find in Hilton Hotels in the US.  The Executive Lounge has a great afternoon tea as you look out on Paddington Station with all the arrivals and departures at the station",Date of stay: September 2013,5.0
2974,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2975-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Hilton Paddington - Return to an Old Friend!,"Used to stay here years ago upon arrival at Heathrow as there is the express rail link from the airport into Paddington and easy access from the station concourse into the hotel. Hotel is modelled on art deco style which extends from the lobby to most of the rooms and is typical of what the old railway terminus hotels were like in years gone by. No upgrade available this stay despite being Hilton Diamond but room was ok for one night stay, good size for London along with bathroom which is manageable with shower over tub and is well lit. Nice touch is the i pod docking along with usual room amenities...fridge is auto charge for items and there is a shelf provided inside to cool your own items. Bed was a double and nights sleep was good... Exec Lounge at Lobby level is really good…",Date of stay: June 2014,4.0
2975,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2980-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,A few other things about Hilton Paddington...,"Yes, it is conveniently located in Paddington, the tube and overground connects you to everywhere you need to go.  Decent hotel but not amazing.  Great for business travelers.  The breakfast in the morning is not great but there is a Starbucks downstairs.  The building must be old because the pipes in the walls start knocking in the morning when others are taking their showers.  It isn't awful, but it is noticeable.  If you are looking for nightlife, you won't find it within walking distance here, everything closes fairly early but the tube will take you to the action.  (except for the hotel club which seems to be pretty hopping on Saturday nights)  Be advised....you can't get onto the Bakerloo line from Paddington until late August.  (you can arrive there though)",Date of stay: June 2014,3.0
2976,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2980-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Good location!,"I chose this hotel because of it close proximity to a rail station. Worked out great in getting to and from Heathrow. The hotel is nice but a bit over priced on a few things. 15 pounds a day for WIFI was a bit excessive as was a continental breakfast for 17 pounds. The room however was very nice, altho the bed was hard, and the hotel itself was nice. It is within walking distance to Hyde Park and Oxford Street for some good shopping. Nice Italian restaurants just down the road as well.",Date of stay: June 2014,4.0
2977,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2980-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Clean, Convenient and Comfortable","The Hilton Paddington is connected to Paddington Station and convenient to all shops and restaurants in the Bayswater and Paddington neighborhoods.  The Underground,  Heathrow Express and regional trains are all under cover and make this a very good location for visitors.    A short stroll away is Kensington Gardens and Hyde Park, with beautiful pathways for waking,  running and biking.    While the staff leaves much to be desired,  the Executive Lounge assistants are terrific and the breakfast service in the lounge provides a great start for a day on the town.  ",Date of stay: June 2014,4.0
2978,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2980-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,A Conevenient Hotel in a Good Location,"This hotel is connected to the Paddington Station which was really convenient for us as we arrived from Heathrow Airport via train.  It is very close to a couple of halal restaurants, including KFC & Subway. It is also pretty near to Edgware Road or the Arab Street. Muslims would find it really convenient to stay in this area.  The room is a bit rundown. It does not come with free wifi. It is quite hard for me to recognize that it is a 4-star hotel.  It really needs an upgrading.   Anyway, the room was cozy. The coffee was fantastic. Starbucks is connected to the hotel. M&S Simply Food and Sainsbury are just downstairs in the Station.  Despite the above setback, I would not mind staying in this hotel again.",Date of stay: June 2014,3.0
2979,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2980-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Highly convenient for a brief stay,"One night stopover ahead of a day at the Lords Test against Sri Lanka. Chosen on a combination of price and convenience given that we were arriving by train from South Wales - B&B for 2 for £179, accessed without leaving the station (so no need to lug cases on the underground or get a cab), and within reasonable walking distance of the cricket ground, about a mile away.  We'd booked a standard guest room so were very pleasantly surprised to be upgraded to an executive room on arrival. Excellent first impression - very large room, much bigger than we had been expecting and with spacious bathroom with separate bath and shower cubicle. The large plasma TV and sofa were perfect for watching the England V Italy World Cup match with a glass of wine rather than having to battle for a…",Date of stay: June 2014,4.0
2980,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2985-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,A good hotel but something is not up to a 4 stars,"I went back to LHP after some years when I used to go there when in London. I was assigned a room on the first floor (106) and I must say that it was too noisy for both the external traffic, but whatsmore for music raising from below I assume from the hotel restaurant. So we had to sleep with ear plugs. Another thing that I found it difficult to understand is the wifi charged at GBP 14,99 per one day: incredible, of course we did not utilize it. The breakfast was ok with a good buffet. Of course the position is fine to move around central London. In summary the noise and the costly wifi is not up to an hotel like this. If would have not been an Hilton I would have assigned 3 bullets.",Date of stay: June 2014,2.0
2981,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2985-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Big size rooms in a convenient location,"The rooms and bathrooms are very big (on a London criteria) and clean but the deco is a bit old style.  The team (Banqueting, Business Centre, Concierge, Bell boys) is just great, very helpful and welcoming!  They have a nice varied breakfast but if it is not included in the price of your room, just go a bit further and you have a Starbucks attached to it, for much cheaper.  Very convenient with the Paddington Station attached.  Better to have a room on a high floor as the area is quite noisy.",Date of stay: June 2014,4.0
2982,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2985-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,My visit to the Paddington Hilton,My stay at the Paddington Hilton was excellent as I have come to expect over the years from this chain of Hotels.   I would like to compliment the staff particularly  on their attitude which was pleasant and helpful without being effusive.   I will definitely use this hotel again for my visits to this area of London.,Date of stay: June 2014,5.0
2983,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2985-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,A clean and comfortable hotel in a convenient location.,"I was surprised and pleased by how lovely my recent stay at the Paddington Hilton turned out to be. Our room was well decorated and very comfortable. The bed was yummy! And the bathtub was huge -- just perfect for a soak after a long day walking around London. I loved the electric tea kettle in the room -- how perfect for a cup of tea to refresh and renew before dinner. The concierge was very helpful and accomodating as were the rest of the Bell staff that we dealt with. I wish I had gotten everyone's names because the staff was so pleasant to deal with over our entire stay. Breakfast in the dining room was very well prepared and a step above most buffet breakfast hotel food.  I loved being so close to Hyde Park, the train station and in walking distance to so much of London.…",Date of stay: June 2014,4.0
2984,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2985-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Luxury? No. Very nice? A definite yes!,"I read the reviews before I booked my room. There was a fair bit of complaints leveraged upon the ""datedness"" of the hotel. Hmmm. We are in London. Right? This is a truly ancient city.   Okay - I stay in a lot of hotels. I am not stating this to be braggadocios, but to merely set a context. Because I staying in so many hotels I feel that I've developed a particularly keen eye for evaluating the accommodations. The Hilton London Paddington is a perfectly lovely hotel with a FANTASTIC location. Did I mention the location? Just a few steps walk from the Heathrow Express train. It is an absolutely fantastic place to stay for that fact alone. Now add in - very comfortable rooms, polite and knowledgable staff, convenient access to Hyde Park for morning runs, and the best part of all -…",Date of stay: June 2014,4.0
2985,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2990-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Convenience at its best!,"We treated ourselves to the Terrace Suite after a long/delayed transatlantic flight and were not disappointed. Arrived late at night and tired, were greeted with a pleasant and professional receptionist. Dated decor notwithstanding, the terrace in the suite is enormous and offers an amazing view of the City. Very comfortable and spacious. Incredibly convenient walk-in/out of Paddington Station, making Heathrow Express and trains to Reading and beyond easy/accessible - especially with heavy luggage. Will probably make it our staple for future UK visits.",Date of stay: June 2014,4.0
2986,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2990-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Convenient but old and expensive,"The lobby and the restaurant look very old fashion, dark. The rooms are ok but the soap and products provided are really below expectations.  The hotel is connected to Paddington station and probably relies exclusively on it to keep the rooms fulled. I would not return to this hotel.",Date of stay: June 2014,3.0
2987,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2990-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Exceptional Service - Perfect Location,"Steps out of the Paddington Station and convenient to many great restaurants and entertainment venues.  Frank, with the front desk staff, goes the extra length to help guests.  He is the face of excellent Hilton service.",Date of stay: June 2014,5.0
2988,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2990-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Good location, nice hotel","The room and the hotel was clean. Friendly and helpfull staff. I got superior room and it was really good. Restaurant (Bar) was OK - nothing special. The location was really good.  The prices and quality are ""Hilton standards"" so you get what you can expect when You are Staying in Hilton.",Date of stay: December 2013,4.0
2989,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2990-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great central hotel.,"We selected this hotel for the closeness to Paddington Station. Close to tube and bus services. Very clean and well furnished hotel. The breakfast was very good. There was everything you needed for breakfast, no matter your culture. Well cooked, the restaurant staff were very helpful. The rooms were spotlessly clean, and well furnished. There was a room to leave our luggage in, before we left. Would definitely use again the next time we go to London.",Date of stay: June 2014,5.0
2990,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2995-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Scamster hotel,"Stayed at this Hotel From the 26th may till 30th may got 2 rooms for good price but to my horror still have not got my deposit back into my a/c , have been mailing them about the same but no reply. The worst experience ever. This",Date of stay: May 2014,2.0
2991,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2995-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Very Good Hotel -Room service being upgraded,I stayed overnight in London on my way back to the Middle East. The hotel checked me in at Noon when I arrived and I didn't have to wait until 3pm like other hotels. The location is brilliant for those that want to catch the Heathrow Express and can access the Terminal right from the hotel. There is also a tube station opposite the hotel so it has great connections to the rest of London.  The room service menu was being upgraded so there weren't very many options but the food that I did order was quite good.  I still don't know why there STILL is no free Wifi even for Hilton H Honors card holders...,Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
2992,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2995-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Good Hotel - Two Issues to Note,"We selected the Hilton London Paddington for our 3 night stay in London because it sits atop Paddington Station and, upon departure, we would be taking the Heathrow Express for an early flight. The hotel is connected directly to the station and to 4 or 5 lines of the Underground by a walkway and stairs or a lift. It is a perfect location only 5 minutes from Hyde Park. Staff were pleasant; the room was comfortable and clean.  We had two complaints however: first and foremost was that wi-fi was £15/day and in our room it was sketchy - the signal kept dropping. (As a comparison, we went from London to the Greek island of Milos where our little hotel had superb wi-fi - even outdoors- and it was FREE!). Come on Hilton - that's gouging!! Our second complaint involved the very reason…",Date of stay: June 2014,4.0
2993,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2995-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Treated with contempt,"We enquired at this hotel for 2 nights booking as we had a disastrous experience elsewhere. Staff at the concierge desk were not friendly, quite standoffish in fact. When we asked for room availabilty the chap checked his computer and bruskly told us the rate. He then summoned a bell hop (?) to take us up to view the room. This staff member I thought at first could not speak as he didn't day a word to us until I spoke to him about our current situation. When after showing us the room (almost sprinting to it with us nearly jogging behind) we walked back to the lift, this chap pressed the luft button, waited briefly and then walked through another door and disappeared...not a word of goodbye. We were left waiting for around 10 minutes for the lift to arrive, not knowing if the…",Date of stay: June 2014,1.0
2994,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or2995-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Travel For Business,"Spent some time touring but my trip was mostly for business.  When I was in my room, which was most of the trip, I was either doing work or resting.  The room was conducive for both.  It was in a perfect location.  The hotel is connected to the heathrow airport train and also to the London tube.  Restaurants and Foreign Exchange Stations  surround the hotel; and the front desk personnel are more than happy to help.  Anything you need to have a smooth, successful, or fun trip is available at the Hilton Paddington location.",Date of stay: June 2014,5.0
2995,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3000-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Perfect for Paddington,"If you are travelling via Paddington Station, this hotel is ideal with its direct link to the station and it still retains a lot of its original grandeur. We stayed for one night on our way to the West Country. Our room was upgraded to an executive twin. The room was extremely comfortable and well-equipped, although the shower was a bit variable in temperature and a bit weak. By British standards, the room was very spacious. Facing on to the street, there was a some noise, even with the double-glazed windows shut, but it wasn't too intrusive. Breakfast was fine, and the staff seemed to cope well with a very busy restaurant. Big city hotels too often fail in dealing with busy breakfasts but here they served tea and coffee quickly and kept the buffet well supplied.",Date of stay: June 2014,4.0
2996,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3000-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,The location is fantastic,"I stayed here one night as a stopover, and the location was truly convenient. I found myself surprised that this hotel is right beside the train station, which made travelling to the airport extremely convenient.  In terms of pricing, yes I agree, not the best, but I guess you save on transport as well.  The breakfast was above average and the rooms were spacious and clean.  Would definitely consider staying here again.",Date of stay: June 2014,5.0
2997,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3000-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great Location to the Station.,The Hilton Paddington was Average to be honest its only redeeming feature is its location to the station. After a 9 hour flight arriving at the Hilton at 11am our room was not ready were told it would take 30 minutes to prepare. So we got Starbucks and sat in the lobby for two hours. After sitting and dozing off waiting my husband getting a little annoyed went back up to the check in desk for the third time in two hours and Yay the room was ready. It appeared by the conversations and people milling around in the lobby we were not the only ones without a room.  The room was average your usual cookie cutter hotel room . Having ordered room service extras online before our trip they arrived at 3pm all as I had preordered. Overall the stay was average perhaps over priced but the…,Date of stay: May 2014,3.0
2998,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3000-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Can't Beat The Location,"I have stayed at this hotel numerous times and continue to keep coming back. The convenience of being able to walk a few steps off of the Heathrow Express from the airport to the hotel can't be beat. The hotel rooms are well appointed and most have been renovated. When checking in request a quieter room that doesn't face the street or the Paddington Station construction. One negative is the poor service, in particular the lounge. I wanted a late night drink and I sat waiting to be served for 20 minutes. When I did get a water he checked his watch and said we are closing. I still got a drink but it sure came with attitude!",Date of stay: June 2014,4.0
2999,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3000-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Not enough for the rate,"Wonderful location, 100 steps from Heathrow Exp platform, even though, the rate was too high, GBP 250+tax. The room air conditioner was a kind of old fashioned one, it was so cool that I woke up so early and needed to go our for a cup of hot tea.",Date of stay: June 2014,2.0
3000,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3005-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Great location, poor value for money","The hotel has great location as it right next to paddington station. The access to tube station and heathrow express is great.   However, no wi-fi or breakfast for US $400 a night was expensive.   Room was clean and spacious, staff was helpful.",Date of stay: June 2014,3.0
3001,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3005-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Convenient but expensive,"Go for this hotel if you're a business traveller, need a place to just cave in and head off to Heathrow the next day. The hotel rooms looks a little bit old, but everything you need is there - TV, internet, water kettle, coffee, tea. The hotel is directly connected to the Paddington train station, and you'll find Boots and supermarkets there so virtually all you need is there. Only draw back is the rooms are quite expensive, and you need to pay around 15 pounds per day for the internet (which is a lot especially most place offers wifi for free these days)",Date of stay: June 2014,3.0
3002,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3005-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Not far from it all,The Hilton at Paddington station is directly across the platform from the Heathrow Express which makes it an easy stop when inbound or outbound from LHR. The hotel itself is clean and rooms a good size for London. There is plenty of great restaurants an easy walk and Hyde Park is a few blocks south.,Date of stay: June 2014,4.0
3003,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3005-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,It's all about Location,"First timer to London so for the first 3 nights stayed here, as previous reviewers have said can't beat the location if you need easy access to airports, and heading out to Wales etc.  Great advice thanks fellow reviewers.    This was my most expensive hotel staying across UK and Europe and the value for money compared to room size etc, not that great.  However when time / convenience is more precious to you, then I don't think you can get better.  Staff were fine and no worries / issues I came across others have mentioned below.",Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
3004,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3005-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Comfortable Rooms, Helpful Staff, But..","My wife and I stayed for two single nights either end of a two week vacation in Rome, and although almost everything was fine, there were some minor things that left us thinking ""Why does such a quality hotel not realise how annoying this is?"".  1. Charging 4.75 GBP for a small bottle of water from the in room bar is outrageous, as is the 15 GBP fee for in-room Wi-Fi access! 2. In our room, the safe was located at floor level in the closet, meaning that anyone using it would have to get down on hands and knees to read the instructions and open and close it! 3. The doors giving access to and from Paddington Station are quite heavy, and have to be pulled or pushed open manually.  For anyone arriving from or going to Heathrow this a real struggle when you're loaded down with a…",Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
3005,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3010-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,A good hotel got for a reasonable price.,"i had to go up to London for a night and started looking for hotels about a month before travelling. it is an expensive place to visit, so i kept my eye out for bargains. about a week before the party i noticed that the price for the hilton had come down to only about £10 more than the surrounding lesser 'branded' hotels. so i booked. i had a lovely, helpful welcome, the room was very pleasant and very clean and i really do love a nice white bathrobe. it was a perfect location, bang on the intersection of tube, rail and the no 15 bus that really is the only bus you would need as a tourist. i on the other hand had to go across london to a fancy dress party; the staff didn't bat an eyelid as i came down stairs in costume, for which i will be eternally grateful.",Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
3006,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3010-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Excellent hotel,This hotel is centrally located and perfect for the traveler that would like to get a bit more of London before flying out of Heathrow.  It's an easy ride on the express.  The hotel was beautifully decorated and very comfortable.   I would not hesitate to return to this hotel.,Date of stay: June 2014,5.0
3007,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3010-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Convenient to Heathrow Express trains and underground,"We chose this hotel for its convenience to the train station. The Heathrow Express comes into Paddington. We bought Britrail passes that include the airport express so that was easy for us.  The hotel is decorated in art deco design, and was probably a Great Western hotel at one time. It is large, comfortable, not grand like a 5 star but well enough kept up. We were not there for a long stay, rather to get in and out of London. I was concerned about noise from the train station but it was not an issue: the building must be sound proofed.  We were in inside rooms with no view but towards the trains, however not a sound and the curtains are really black outs, good for those who are bothered by light when sleeping. We had a room on the 3rd floor on the way in and on the 2nd floor…",Date of stay: June 2014,4.0
3008,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3010-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,You just can't beat this Hotel,"We just arrived back in Nebraska after spending seven nights at Hilton Paddington. What another wonderful experience. Every aspect of our stay was excellent. Maria at the reception desk in the Executive Lounge was so nice and remembered me from my last stay. She always greeted us and was always checking to see if we needed anything. I needed to use the Business Center and Tanya couldn’t have been more helpful. She understood exactly what I needed and was very efficient and professional.  I always want to mention Mark and Charles at the front door. How they are always so nice, friendly and helpful each time you come through, is something I won’t understand. They always seem like they are that happiest when we arrive back a the hotel or are heading out. This was another business…",Date of stay: June 2014,5.0
3009,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3010-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Small rooms, no free wi-fi","One expects a nicer room in a Hilton hotel but the room we stayed in was small, didn't have any view and the in room wifi was a paid option. The queues at check in and out were a bit long and took about ten minutes.  The staff are quite friendly though.  There is free wifi for 1 hour in the lobby.  The location close to Paddington station is superb, all places in and around London become accessible by train and tube.",Date of stay: June 2014,3.0
3010,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3015-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Service makes the difference,"We had a 36 hour stay over in London on the way to S. Africa and picked this hotel for the convenience to the airport with easy proximity to the tube for some quick sightseeing. Since we were utilizing this layover to get a jump start on jet lag for moving 9 time zones, we were looking for a hot shower, sleep and a good meal to break up two very long flights in coach. Frank, at the front desk, was delightful in helping us choose a quiet room, arranging a late check out and taking care of details for two very weary travelers. The room itself was comfortable and clean. The breakfast buffet (we are Hilton gold members) was just what we needed before dropping over our luggage with the very friendly and helpful porters before we spend the day checking out a few sites in London. The…",Date of stay: May 2014,5.0
3011,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3015-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,good hotel,"cheaper than some other hilton hotels in london. very pretty, tidy inside and rooms are nice and spacious. bit of a trek to the main tourist attractions and kings cross but just across the road from paddington underground station. some nice restaurants nearby. breakfast in the hotel was average but plenty of choice.",Date of stay: February 2014,4.0
3012,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3015-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Convenience Hotel,The hotel is very convenience if you travel from Heathrow to London by Airport Express. In Which  there is entrance from the station to the hotel. Lots of restaurants around and getting to other places in London is convenience through tube. Somehow the price of the hotel is a bit high compare to other hotels around.,Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
3013,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3015-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,London's top hotel,"My number one hotel to stay at while I'm in London.  Attached to paddington station so you don't even have to go outside. Wonderful service,  decent size rooms,  helpful staff.  One special mention to Fatima the lady at reception. Welcoming me with a warm smile  before I even reached  the reception desk. Wonderful young lady very helpful and charismatic.  Made me feel very comfortable.  I hope to continue staying here for many years to come",Date of stay: May 2014,5.0
3014,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3015-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,A home away from home.,"The Paddington Hilton, is not just convenient to Paddington Station, it is our home away from home for our trips to London. There is one reason for this - the quality, helpfulness and friendliness of the staff. I cannot speak more highly of reception staff and indeed every staff member, of all levels, we encountered. When ever planning a trip to London, the first and last nights of our trip are now always at the Paddington Hilton. Well done all staff -we will be back.",Date of stay: June 2014,5.0
3015,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3020-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Felt very welcome,As I went for my breakfast on the 3rd floor a young Portuguese man named Peter made my stay so much more comforting. Offering to help me with directions (my first time in london) and assisting me and advising me on what to eat (I am disabled and diabetic and this young man was more then helpful to accommodate to my needs) He even brought my food over with me after I told him what I could eat. Very happy with this service and hopefully I get to stay in this hotel again in the near future ,Date of stay: May 2014,5.0
3016,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3020-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Hilton padington,"This is a an older hotel and it shows in its layout, lack of a modern gym etc. However, if like , you value an easy location, the ability to fall off the express train and into your bed after the long haul from australia, then this is the place for you",Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
3017,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3020-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Poor front desk service,"Inability to resolve booking issues (double booked) in a timely way. Bell staff not attentive to incoming guest.  Hotel personnel seemed complacent and irritated that we were there.1. Double billed me then have have desk clerk say that he could not refund the overcharge. Did not want to  LISTEN to my side of the story until I provided Hilton confirming e-mail to me.   Was billed for item in bar which was not used. Spoke to desk clerk and without discussion he said he would remove the charge. Normally would have dismissed this as a hotel ploy for  users whose bills are sent to corporate, but the issue of Hilton owing me 300+ pounds that could not be resolved immediately, and then billing me for 4.50 pounds was astonishing.   5. Arrived by cab to hotel, and while I didn't expect a…",Date of stay: May 2014,2.0
3018,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3020-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Offers both convenience and luxury...!!!,"-Located on Paddington Station, 15 minutes from Heathrow Airport using the Heathrow express -A 15 minute walk from London's West End and Oxford Street -Art Deco Palatial Terminus hotel built in 1854 -Fantastic base for visiting London with family room options -20 minute train ride to the iconic Wembley Stadium -Complimentary WiFi in public areas and the Executive Lounge",Date of stay: April 2014,4.0
3019,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3020-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great overnight spot,"Stayed for a night over a weekend as a last minute trip. Large well equipped room that was clean, quiet and warm. Advantage of a view onto the front of the hotel. Great service from concierge and restaurant and good value breakfast.",Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
3020,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3025-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Ideal!,"Stayed here on the 19th December, For 3 nights, Its linked up to Paddington mainline station, With tube station directly over the road, The hotel is perfect for a stay in London, to explore.We payed extra to have access to executive lounge, Which would recommend, breakfast great standard, Staff polite and helpful, Would I stay here again? Would love to.",Date of stay: December 2013,5.0
3021,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3025-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Convenience for Heathrow,Hotels in London are expensive compared with many places. What the Hilton provides is comfortable rooms with all facilities with the added convenience of the Heathrow express train 5 mins from your door. Walk out for a meal at one of the numerous local pubs to soak up  the atmosphere .,Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
3022,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3025-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Very nice visit,"We spent two nights at the Paddington.    The first thing that jumped at us was the arrival..  Door men opening the doors for of the cab for us, and porters taking our bags immediately.  The young lady at the front desk, Debbie, made us feel welcome.  Once we were checked in, she had some suggestions of places to eat and what we could do till our room was ready for us.    After we had lunch and walked back to the hotel, we took a quick nap, and felt like going for a walk through Kensington Park..  The map we had was just a little confusing, but the staff simplified it for us.  Through out our stay the staff was very attentive to our needs and requests.  The room was very clean, and well appointed.  The room was a little bit small compared to American standards, but had…",Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
3023,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3025-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,A Pleasure at Paddington,"We stayed 1 night at the busy Hilton Paddington on a reward stay.  We were upgraded to a larger ""family"" room with executive lounge access.  Could not ask for more. The room was clean, quiet and was of ample size.   Any hotel that is located near, (or in this case, within), a train station is going to have a certain ambiance.  As will the neighborhood.  But we loved the proximity to Hyde Park and the variety of restaurants nearby.  And of course, having the direct train line to Heathrow within a few short steps makes it very convenient.   We also use the Tube quite a bit so again, the location of this hotel was spot on.   The front desk staff could not have been nicer.  In fact, the agent that checked us in was a trainee, (her name began with a ""H""), and she could train other…",Date of stay: May 2014,5.0
3024,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3025-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Ideal location and Awesome Staff!,"We just checked in to the Hilton Paddington, and so far the room is great . Hazel at the Hhonors check in searched available rooms, called housekeeping and found us a great upgraded King Executive room. At first the only one open was on the 1st floor, but she was genuinely concerned about Bar noise since it was a weekend.   Next, Elena in the Executive lounge always has a smile and is friendly and gracious. We will definitely be back.",Date of stay: May 2014,5.0
3025,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3030-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Excellent place,"-The staff was friendly specially Frank, he was very nice and helpful -Clean -Excellent location -Luxury -price high For short visit , either family or solo, excellent choice.Staff is friendly , room clean",Date of stay: May 2014,5.0
3026,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3030-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great Location and nice room!,"Stayed one night ahead of a long haul flight in the morning. Room was large by London standards and very comfortable. Awesome location as a lift directly to Paddington Station and then 15 mins on the Heathrow Express.  Two very minor gripes, would have liked to have seen local beer in the Exec Lounge, especially as I was a visitor to the UK (plus reduced food/air miles for local products) and as a hotel popular with people catching flights would be nicer to see earlier breakfast options than 6.30 as was included in the room but had to leave at 6.30.  Otherwise room services was great, very happy and would certainly look to stay again on my next trip to the UK.",Date of stay: May 2014,5.0
3027,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3030-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Location, Location, Locaton","The Hilton London Paddington takes the prize as the Hilton with the meanest/nastiest executive lounge attendant.  I was in a rush one morning and I simply asked the  attendant (I failed to get her name but she is the only female Asian server in the lounge) if there are  takeout coffee cups.    In response, she gave me the look as if I was out to steal her very precious coffee and very curtly responded ‘NO!”  Very noteworthy attitude indeed...    Moving on…   Having come to terms that this property is meant for London ""pit stop"", I started seeing value in this hotel.    Fifteen minutes from LHR on the comfortable Heathrow Express and literally sitting on top of Paddington Station  puts all of London at the doorstep of this Hilton.   Bed  offers usual Hilton comfort.  Location is…",Date of stay: April 2014,3.0
3028,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3030-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Best of the Best,"My wife and I are just coming to the end of a 10 day stay at this hotel. It has been one of the most enjoyable visits to London we have ever had. The whole hotel staff could not have been more helpful. In particular front of house staff are to be commended with a special mention for one of the duty managers, Neil. He is a credit to the Hilton name generally and the Paddington Hilton in particular. This hotel will be out first choice on our next London visit.",Date of stay: May 2014,5.0
3029,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3030-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,at the heart of everything....,"If you're looking to stay at a central London hotel, this is a good choice.  It's location is simply perfect.  Being attached to the Paddington train station, you can be at the hotel in 15 minutes from Heathrow, via the Heathrow Express.  If you want to travel by London Underground, you have access to the District Line, Hammersmith and City Line, Circle Line, as well as the Bakerloo Line, so you can pretty much get anywhere in the city quickly.  If you prefer to walk, you can be at the heart of Oxford St within 20 minutes, and there are many amazing restaurants also within walking distance.   The hotel itself has recently been renovated, with many of the rooms being unusually large by London standards.  The beds are very comfortable, with fairly high quality sheets and pillow…",Date of stay: April 2014,5.0
3030,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3035-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Discomfort with a capital ""D""","This hotel lists a mini frig among it amenities. Let me tell you about that first. When first entering a motel/hotel room, I do a quick scan of room and bathroom to see that all is in order and where everything is located. I locate the mini frig and open it. There is approximately a six inch cube labeled ""for your personal use"". The rest is devoted to a mini bar which has a warning posted to the effect if anything is moved, the occupant will be charged whether or not article is consumed. We were in the room about 40 minutes when there was a knock at the door and someone hollering ""mini bar check"". We did not admit the person. Next day, we placed a pint of milk in our ""cube"" and were taking a rest when there once again came a knock at the door with the person hollering ""mini bar…",Date of stay: May 2014,2.0
3031,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3035-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Hilton Paddington,"What a great location to explore central London. Just inApddington Station and a 5 min taxi ride to Oxford Street. Check in, rooms and overall hotel experience great, however, waiting staff and food in restaurant not up to other standards in hotel.",Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
3032,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3035-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,GREAT Location,"You can not beat the convenience of this location.  You can take the Heathrow express to Paddington, exit the train, and walk a short distance through the train station to the hotel lobby.    When i arrived it was pouring rain and I never had to step outdoors prior to checking into my room.    During your stay you can get to the Paddington tube station very conveniently- again never needing to step outside.  Short walk to Kensington.",Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
3033,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3035-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Weekend with family,"The hotel was amazing with modern facilities and the staff were cordial, nice and helpful. The location was perfect and was the main reason I picked the hotel and I would definitely advise a friend to stay in the hotel",Date of stay: April 2014,5.0
3034,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3035-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Outstanding location for a family vacation,Stayed here on a family vacation over Thanksgiving weekend.  It is an excellent location given it's proximity to the train station.  They upgraded us to a larger two room suite which was wonderful.  Two nice sized rooms which provided good space for our two teenage boys to have their own space.  Service was very good.  We had a leak in the skylight during a heavy rain.  It was repaired the next day.  Hotel is busy but they manage to keep it very clean and comfortable.  Everyone we spoke with was very pleasant and helpful.  It is an excellent base for a trip to the city.,Date of stay: November 2013,4.0
3035,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3040-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,The Best,"When we arrived at the hotel, Ritesh was busy with a customer at the counter and the phone ringing. he took time to attended to everyone in a timely pleasant manner. . he double checked to see if any rooms were available with doubles and when there were not   Ritesh was absolutely pleasant while under a great deal of stress from phone calls and customers looking for rooms.  Both rooms were clean and recently updated. . The air conditioning worked great and kept the room at a perfect temperature. The bed was comfortable and had plenty of pillows.",Date of stay: May 2014,5.0
3036,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3040-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Wonderful hotel,"The Hilton Paddington is an outstanding hotel, great location, easy access to Heathrow and best of all a wonderful staff tean who made my stay perfect in every respect. I recommend this hotel to those visiting or on business to London",Date of stay: May 2014,5.0
3037,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3040-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Helpful and charming reception staff,"I was delivering a workshop for a big client at this hotel this week and needed a few unusual extras. One of our number needed to be disguised as a staff member as part of an exercise we were doing with our participants. I approached Debbie and Frank on reception and told them what we needed. They immediately leaped into action, finding a spare staff jacket of the right size for the tiny lady who wanted it.  Another member of the staff also loaned us a catering trolley and so our person was fully camouflaged which meant our ruse with the participants was a huge success. I'd like to thank all the staff at this hotel for their cheerful helpfulness and for treating me like a sane person and not looking at me as if I was a deranged nutter. Thanks guys.",Date of stay: May 2014,5.0
3038,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3040-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,We had a great weekend,"We booked a room at Hilton Paddington because of the location. It was very convienient having Heathrow express and underground nearby. Staff is very friendly and helpful. From check-in to check-out. Our room was clean, comfortable, spacious.  Breakfast was great. We had our first breakfast on Saturday. We sat in the back on the right side.  The young lady who served us was very attentive. Would you thank her for us? We are the couple from Holland with the orange juice. We would like to thank everybody who helped us. Once again we had an unforgettable weekend. This is thanks to the nice people like staff of The Hilton, taxi drivers, waiters, etc. It's not things that are important, but how people treat you. We had room 322.",Date of stay: May 2014,5.0
3039,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3040-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Location is unbeatable: 15mins to Heathrow Airport,If you are in London for just a short stay - this is perfect - saves you so much grief and time cuz the Heathrow express is just 2 mins from the lobby. You can book your tickets anytime and get on anytime you like and get to Heathrow in 15 mins for GBP21-26. The hotel has the 80's vibe but is renovated so rooms and bathrooms are in good condition and clean. The bell service is great and can assist with your luggage to the station. The Tube is linked to all the major tourist spots too!,Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
3040,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3045-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great location for business,"This is a great hotel for business as it is right next to Paddington Station.  The staff at the front desk were great, especially Ritesh who understood that the room we had at the beginning of our stay 639 was way too small for 2 people. We left for the day and our luggage was moved for us to a much more appropriate room 340. OK its a bit noisy because of the street, but it didn't bother me in the least. Definitely a recommend for business, maybe less for site seeing unless you're ok travelling on the tube.  Thanks!",Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
3041,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3045-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Go-to hotel for LHR layover,"The room is a bit tired and the hotel has no personality, but when you want the quickest access to Heathrow Express then this place is it.  Pros: • Close as you can get to Heathrow Express. • You’ll definitely pay premium for the location, but compared to other hotels in close proximity it’s often cheaper. • Tons of rooms = good last minute availability and cancellation option.   Cons: • Room is tired. • It can get a bit noisy from the station/streets.",Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
3042,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3045-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Best London Hilton for business travellers,"I stay here often as its in a perffect location for me - M4 Corridor, Heathrow Airport and The City are the 3 places I move between, and being right next to Paddington railway and Heathrow Express makes this the perfect choice.  Front desk staff have always been great. Being a diamond member I get use of the business lounge, and often use as my london office when not moving around. Most trips I have been upgraded to deluxe rooms or suites, but even the standard rooms are big and bright for London standards.  If you're visiting London but need to get to the airport easily, I would recommend this hotel over any in the centre. Good location for business meetings too, as convenient for majority of people who'll be coming into London.",Date of stay: March 2014,5.0
3043,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3045-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Better than expected,"For some reason I had always heard the hotel was a bit dated. But my 2 night stay was generally good and the room I was in, a regular room, was very clean, calm and practical. I love the location too. At 250GBP/night I was expecting the service to be a little more personal though. The place being a very busy passageway between the tube, the street and the station, the concierge or receptionist could be forgiven for being distracted, but it felt all along like everyone was treating me like yet another traveller or visitor, waiting for his train or to meet a colleague. Can do better !",Date of stay: April 2014,3.0
3044,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3045-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Rip off prices in brasserie,"At £11.88 for a pot of tea - a colleague and I barely got 2 cups each out of it - must be a contender for dearest tea in London. (I've paid a lot more of course, likes of Ritz & Claridges, the experience arguably justifying high prices). But a noisy, grubby transit hotel on a station concourse? Delusions of grandeur maybe. Won't be returning.",Date of stay: May 2014,1.0
3045,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3050-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,awful - run down and shoddy poor management,"I was injured by a faulty (not fixed properly) metal door handle whilst exiting a conference room. The top of the metal handle scratched me on the chin. I advised the manager Mark Roth who wrote back to me saying ""he found it hard to believe"" that would happen. I am 100% truthful in my account (who would waste time making stuff up?) I was disgusted by this response - the hotel management did nothing to make it right,. Do not use this hotel, save yourself the money and the awful customer service. I know that the hotel will response to this but this issue HAS NOT been resolved and communication with Mark Roth has ended.  Really poor management.  Very disappointed especially as entirely the fault of the hotel and its poor maintenance. Unacceptable that a guest should suffer a…",Date of stay: February 2014,1.0
3046,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3050-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Convenience plus,"This hotel is directly connected to Paddington Station.  Getting here from Heathrow couldn't be easier via the Heathrow Express.  At check-in, Ritesh was extraordinarily helpful, welcoming, and professional in finding us the room we wanted - quiet and off the street.  Once in the room, it was large, comfortable, and had a great bed to sleep off a little jet lag.  While the lobby doesn't have the ""wow factor"" of some of the trendier (and more expensive) hotels, the convenience to buses/tube/Regent's Park make up for that cosmetic deficiency.  Staff was friendly and Executive Lounge well appointed.  Only warning, don't expect to take coffee out of the Lounge - they stop you at the door!  Fortunately, in room coffee and Starbucks just around the corner.",Date of stay: May 2014,5.0
3047,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3050-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Wouldn't stay again.,"Reception were quite unhelpful and rude when we arrived, we were clearly foreigners. The room was ok, but decor was very dated. I tried to order a chicken caesar salad to our room but they refused to make me a dressing without anchovies because it was too much hassle, so we skipped room service. The only positive I really have is one of the breakfast chefs (I assume) in the executive lounge, she was lovely, and so nice to our baby. ",Date of stay: November 2013,2.0
3048,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3050-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Stay at Paddington Hilton Hotel London,"Excellent hotel, cannot be faulted  service very good without being intrusive, conveniently located for immediate walking access to London city and with direct connection  through Paddington station to Heathrow airport we intend to stay this hotel on future visits to London .",Date of stay: April 2014,5.0
3049,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3050-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great Location! Great Hotel!,"This is one of those hotels with the best location advantage! It is attached to the London Paddington station and therefore commuting to practically anywhere is extremely easy! Hyde Park is only about 5-7 minutes walk. The hotel is like any other Hilton Hotel! Clean and spacious rooms, tastefully done. Great breakfast. Staff is quite friendly - they help out with odd things like bringing a weighing scale to the room :) and helping with weighing it too :). I would definitely recommend this place to anyone visiting London for business or for leisure!!!",Date of stay: April 2014,5.0
3050,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3055-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,One big concern one big blackmark,"The hotel is very business friendly and has a lot going for it, what with the convenience of being attached to Padding Station with easy access to Heathrow Airport  and being on the Bakerloo line.  Easy in and out.  Room was well appointed with a queen size bed, dresser, dressing area, large marble bathroom and the ever present electric tea kettle and coffee and tea makings.    When we checked in one of the hand towels just looked used so I put it on the floor to be replaced.    I decided to make a cup of tea with the provided electric tea kettle and mugs.  I did use the first pot of boiling water to clean the mugs.  After seeing on line an expose that showed how housekeeping does not replace the dirty mugs I wanted to be extra careful.  After I drank my tea I took an permanent…",Date of stay: May 2014,3.0
3051,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3055-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Similar sentiments to below: location!,"This is quite the gem if you're flying into Heahthrow. Fifteen minutes on the Express and literally attached to the station, nothing's easier for accessing rail and the tube. Less than 15 minutes to a good deal of attractions and a beauty of a hotel on the inside; large rooms and large beds for Europe as well.",Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
3052,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3055-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great location,"This hotel has a great location, with the tube, buses, and major attractions in easy access.  But it was not up to the usual Hilton standard that I am accustomed to.  The reception and concierge staff were less than helpful (expect to carry your own bags and make your own dinner reservations).  The only staff member who was helpful was the man who escorted me through the fire escape to my room when the elevators were broken (I was on the top floor).  An upside to another bad issue.  I ordered room service one night and could not finish my meal, as the burger and fries were some of the worst I have had.  But the buffet breakfasts were pretty good.  The water pressure in the room seemed off, with the toilet not flushing properly and the shower shutting off by itself in the middle…",Date of stay: April 2014,3.0
3053,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3055-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Classy hotel,"Another excellent hilton hotel.lovely rooms,Art Deco design throughout.very attentive staff.perfect location for the tube to heathrow or for shopping in london.first class breakfast.i would highly recommend this hotel!",Date of stay: April 2014,5.0
3054,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3055-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Location, location, location","This is my 'go to' hotel when traveling to London! It's an easy in/out when traveling to/from Heathrow, as well as into the city and when making tube connections. The hotel itself is directly inside the Paddington station....just a short ride up the escalator or elevator to the check-in area. The rate per night is expensive, and the rooms are small by American standards, but always, clean, beds comfortable and food (especially breakfast) delicious. It's also within 15min walk to shopping. Would recommend staying here.",Date of stay: May 2013,4.0
3055,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3060-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Very pleased with this hotel,"I had doubts about this hotel after reading other reviews, but we chose it due to the location.  It is pricey (it is London, after all), but we had a special of 30% off a 3 night stay, which made it more reasonable.  We stayed in the Queen Executive Suite, which was spacious, with 2 rooms, and 2 bathrooms.  The twin beds were a little short, but we are tall people.  The staff could not have been more friendly or helpful.  We arrived early, and they cheerfully stored our bags, and directed us to the Executive Lounge.  The lounge was nice, with an ample supply of beverages through the day, as well as breakfast, lunch, tea, and evening appetizers/cocktails. The food was hearty, and we actually made dinner on the cocktail hour when pressed for time before the theater.  Very…",Date of stay: April 2014,5.0
3056,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3060-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Great location, comfortable hotel but pricey","We use the Hilton, Paddington a fair bit for when we travel to London for football and the kick off times make it impossible for us to get there (or back) in time to/from the West Country.  When you arrive at Paddington station, you can walk 50 yards through the concourse, take the escalator up one flight and simply stumble into the Hilton.  The reception desk is on the left and you are not usually allowed to check in before 2pm, however it is possible to leave your bags with the concierge opposite if you arrive early.  Opposite the Hilton's main, Praed Street, entrance you can find a few pubs and fast food restaurants, but nothing really of note. For pub grub you are as well to eat in the station's Mad Bishop and Bear (Mad Bear and Bishop?) pub, one flight up from the Hilton's…",Date of stay: February 2014,4.0
3057,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3060-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Exellent stay at Hilton Paddington,Spent two nights at this hotel with two friends in March.Have no negative comments to make.Room was spacious and clean.exellent breakfast with multi choice.staff very helpful and friendly exellent location and plenty of neary places to eat.Would highly recommend it,Date of stay: March 2014,5.0
3058,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3060-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel,"We stayed at the Hilton Paddinton for a week in April. The hotel is in an excellent location, connected to Paddington station. (Very easy to navigate here from the airport, via Heathrow Express to the station then follow signs to the hotel.) Only down side is our room was quite hot and stuffy, and the AC didn't work well. Fortunately, the window did open and fresh air dealt with this issue! WiFi is free in the lobby and worked well. Our rate included breakfast, and the buffet was fantastic!",Date of stay: April 2014,4.0
3059,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3060-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Excellent, especially for London","We've stayed at over 10 hotels in London and the Hilton London Paddington has proven to be a very good hotel.  The rooms are small by American standards, but actually pretty big by European standards.  The rooms are pretty clean, though the showerhead in the bathroom has tons of calcium deposits on it from the hard water -- not something that should be too alarming.    The staff have been very pleasant and courteous and the fact that it is located just above Paddingston station and the Bakerloo line, as well as very close to other tube lines is SUPER convenient.  We would stay here again.  CHECK UNDER THE BED before checkout.  We have a child, and I'll warn parents -- the beds are on boxsprings that ALMOST touch the ground because they are on small rollers, but don't quite touch…",Date of stay: April 2014,4.0
3060,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3065-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Fabulous!,"We arrived at the hotel around 2:30pm with no accommodation, as another hotel had double booked and told us we couldn't have the twin room we paid for. The staff at Hilton were polite and helpul - we explained our situation to Neil on Reception, who went out of his way to make us feel welcome at Hilton and we were offered a twin room here at a competitive price. The room was spacious, clean and well equipped - it wasn't noisy and the beds were comfortable. WiFi was availiable, but this wasn't free and cost around £10 a day, although this wasn't a problem for us. It could have been made a little clearer that the Mini-Bar automatically charges you when you move anything in it. I removed a bottle of Lager and decided to store my bottle of coke where I had taken the lager from as it…",Date of stay: April 2014,5.0
3061,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3065-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Wish we could have stayed...,"We had reserved a room for our return trip to London after spending a week in the UK.  Unfortunately, our train broke down on the return trip and we arrived at Paddington very late at night.  We were certainly glad to have a hotel in such close proximity-until we were informed that our room had been sold out from under us, and the hotel was booked.  The front desk person was absolutely no help, advising us to start walking until we found a hotel.  It was midnight.    I asked if I might be able to use a computer to find another hotel, and I was told no since I was not a guest.  He also told us not to bother calling any other Hiltons because they were all booked.  We ended up wandering the streets of London after midnight, looking for a place to stay.  A gentleman at the Burger…",Date of stay: April 2014,2.0
3062,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3065-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Excellent accomodation,I would certainly recommend this hotel. My two sisters and I stayed here for a short break.  The rooms are spacious and beautifully presented.  The service is welcoming and very helpful.  There is also a wonderful spa just a short walk from the hotel.,Date of stay: April 2014,5.0
3063,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3065-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Great location, expensive and disappointing service","I had stayed at the hotel for a day while working for a customer nearby, and it was really expensive. You had to pay around 230 pounds per night (this was a discounted price BTW), but the service was really disappointing. The hotel is in need for urgent refurbishment, but i guess the owners understand that the customers staying here will stay anyway due to the location.  The location is great, and lots of good eating places around the hotel. Make sure you ask for a top floor room, as you can get pretty decent views. Transport links are also good, and you can reach central london within no time.",Date of stay: February 2014,3.0
3064,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3065-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Not what I expected ,"We got the Hilton from a ""mystery hotel"" booking via lastminute.com and were quite excited. We were in London for the marathon and while it's a way from the start and finish we figured at least we'd get a good night's sleep and a bit of luxury.  Unfortunately the room backed onto a very noisy street and we were next door to a construction site (which, to be fair didn't start up til the Monday morning at 9am).  The room was way too hot and the air-con was clearly not working - it just made more noise!  If you stay in the Hilton you expect a bathrobe - there were none. You expect better than single ply toilet roll...   The room itself (no 120) wasn't bad - it was a good size, well decorated and clean. The fittings were OK - the TV was a bit ""snowy"". It's the first time I've seen a…",Date of stay: April 2014,3.0
3065,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3070-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Good hotel, but expensive","This is a busy Central London hotel adjacent to London Paddington railway station. Friendly welcome on arrival.  Room was of a good size and well equipped. Breakfast was adequate - nothing exciting but met the normal Hilton standard.   At over £250 a night, this is a pricey place to stay but is probably the market rate for Central London,",Date of stay: March 2014,4.0
3066,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3070-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Great Location, but peculiar service and somewhat under-maintained. Disappointing.","I am currently staying in the hotel as I write this review. It's proximity to Paddington Station, and consequently Heathhrow is superb - a door of the hotel opens into the station! So really good location.  I was looking forward to staying at the hotel - £279 a night so not cheap. But little things have disappointed me.  I left clothes out for laundry in I it's bag with its papers etc. That night I return to find a beautiful personal letter to me advising me that I should call Housekeeping for my laundry - and they left the bag on the floor unwashed ! I understand the value if following the rules, but surely you write the letter AND do the laundry? Last night I call Housekeeping at 23:45 when I get to my room... Following the Rules ... And the number is not answered ! So again…",Date of stay: April 2014,4.0
3067,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3070-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Excellent Stay,Great location for travel to LHR airport. The room I stayed in was absolutely fantastic. Charanjeet Singh in front desk knew my needs having attended to me the first time and went out of his way to make my stay extremely comfortable. I will be back next time I am in London.  Joe Godinho,Date of stay: April 2014,4.0
3068,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3070-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,nice,"Nice hotel at Paddington. Very huge and nice room. The location is very nice as it is very near to the center. I recommend especially for business trip in London. The food is also good, but the hotel is a bit expensive-",Date of stay: May 2013,4.0
3069,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3070-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Wonderful location and good hotel,"I have only been here one time but plan to book it again.  I typically fly in to Heathrow so with the Heathrow Express there is no more convenient hotel.  Sure, there are a few others not far from the station but to be in the station is a real help.  The reception desk is a bit small but the lobby itself is quite nice with a lot of buzz with so much always going on.  The room I had was very comfortable with a  king bed and a sitting chair along with a work desk.  The bathroom was nice size with good water pressure.  I would most certainly return.",Date of stay: November 2013,4.0
3070,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3075-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Excellent location for City and access to Heathrow,"Stayed here for business meetings in London City Centre with an early flight from Hethrow the next day.  Hotel maintains the Hilton standard - rooms were well appointed, Wifi connectivity was brilliant, staff were helpful especially at the main desk.  Breakfast as a buffet style, had loads of fresh options and was really good.  The biggest asset is that you walk straight to the heathrow express or the london underground through paddington station. 30 mins door to check in desk for heathrow.",Date of stay: March 2014,4.0
3071,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3075-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great location,"Stayed here for one night with a friend in April. The hotel is really convenient in regards to travel, it is right inside Paddington station so was extremely easy to get off our train and dump our bags before heading out! The hotels location also made it very easy to use the underground which was really helpful for our trip. The hotel itself is great, rooms are spacious and staff were very friendly. Would definitely stay here again! ",Date of stay: April 2014,5.0
3072,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3075-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Older but good,The hotel is a little older in terms of their decor but nice.  Staff were helpful and friendly.  Location is pretty good in that there are all sorts of trains right next door.  Tons of food places around too.,Date of stay: March 2014,4.0
3073,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3075-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,good location for paddington station,"We stayed here as needed to go to few places from paddington station. Room was nice and roomy and clean and nice outlook out over paddington station. Room was very quiet with no outside noise, and the windows could be opened a crack if wanted. Directly connected to station so handy for train and  plenty of places to eat all around the hotel. Biggest drawback was no free wi fi, but the station has plenty so we just went in there but would have expected it at a hotel chain of this standard. Overall a nice stay.",Date of stay: April 2014,4.0
3074,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3075-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,perfect location for easy transport,"Stepping off the train from Heathrow I found myself settled in my room in less than 15 minutes. Check-in was a breeze and I was treated very well upon entering. The lovely woman at the front desk took time to ensure they had prepared everything as previously requested, answer a few basic questions about the area and London in general, and kindly had a drink sent to my room that arrived just moments after I did. My windows looked over the roof of Paddington Station, a pretty cool sight. The room itself was just as you expect from Hilton. Very comfortable and providing everything you need for a pleasant stay. The internet was INCREDIBLY fast, especially compared to just about anywhere in the U.S., which meant I could spend more time enjoying the city and less time trying to make…",Date of stay: May 2013,5.0
3075,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3080-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,So very helpful and friendly !,"Lovely room. Most comfortable large bed - double for single occupancy. Bathroom very good - water pressure excellent, shower curtain not my preference but it did it's job without clinging !!! Extremely hot room was sorted out thanks to the most helpful Neil Peters and the maintenance staff. Breakfast delicious with an excellent choice. Concierge had a very good knowledge of London with excellent directions. Thank you  ",Date of stay: March 2014,5.0
3076,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3080-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,faultless!!!,"stayed here with my mum for mothers day weekend,straight off the train into the hotel total stress free,lovely art deco room and bathroom amazing transport links would highly recommend this hotel to anyone getting the train to paddington!",Date of stay: March 2014,5.0
3077,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3080-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,hilton paddington,its a very confiniant place to stay and great if your stopping one night and have to use heathrow. Can be pricey in the summer though. The junior suite is actually my favourite room and is really spacious. The executive lounge can be very good for the traveller but if im with my wife i always stay in park lane.,Date of stay: March 2014,4.0
3078,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3080-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,A Lovely London Property,"We were directed here by a company we were visiting and I was quite pleased. First of all, it is very convenient. Attached to Paddington Station, this is the first hotel off of the Heathrow train. We arrived after a red eye and our rooms were waiting for us for a 11AM check in. The rooms are small bur nicely appointed. Location is great,Paddington is a tube stop as well as the teminus for  a number of trains heading to the west and Midlands. You are walking distance to Hyde Park and the museums on the south side of the park.   The only glitch in our visit was the confusion over paying for breakfast. I tried to pay my bill and that of my companions on a credit card and for some reason that I still don't fully understand, this generated an inordinate amount of confusion. I think…",Date of stay: March 2014,4.0
3079,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3080-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Convenient, easy, but nothing special","Generously sized room with a good shower doesn't make up for sagging mattress and poor heat controls.  Thankfully the windows open, but noisy outside at times.  This hotel is all about location, which is useful to/from LHR (via Heathrow Express) and most points in London.  Good internet connectivity.   Breakfast buffet isn't bad, but servers are indifferent.    Reasonable price, especially for location. ",Date of stay: March 2014,3.0
3080,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3085-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Extraordinary Hotel, Staff, and Location!","I love this place! I discovered this hotel purely accidental, and I'm so glad I did! The subway station is literally across the street. Beautiful lobby area. I was immediately greeted by the friendliest Staff ever...real people, very professional, yet down to earth.   Hazel, at the front desk, is just wonderful. She's a very sweet young lady who was just as friendly and attentive from the time I checked in, until the time I wandered down at 4am looking for food. I swear she must have been there 24 hours! Every staff person I encountered treated me like family...as if I were personally their own guest. And let me not forget Rakesh, the Guest Relations Manager. This Gentleman is world-class! Hilton should be thanking the Gods, the Queen, or whomever they thank here in London, that…",Date of stay: March 2014,5.0
3081,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3085-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Perfect holiday,"The 6 nights we stayed in Hilton Paddington were some of the most enjoyable nights we have had. Ideally situated next to the the Paddington railway station, the big bus tour just around the corner, Marble Arch, Hyde Park etc.., just a few minutes walk away, this hotel is really a tourist's dream.  The architecture of the hotel with it's beautiful facade is a photo opportunity. The lobby was large enough, very clean and easily accessible. Our rooms were very clean too, unfortunately the view was to the railway station! Breakfast was really good, and felt better due to the attitude of the staff. Some of review i read about the hotel mentioned unfriendly staff, but what we met with was the most friendly staff, who were helpful with all our questions. Helped with the bus tours,…",Date of stay: March 2014,4.0
3082,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3085-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great Location,First trip to London in 20 years. This hotel has the best possible location. Close enough to walk anywhere in central London and deliciously convenient to airport. With breakfast buffet included it is a complete no-brainer! The rooms are comfortable and spacious.,Date of stay: March 2014,5.0
3083,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3085-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,hilton paddington,The hotel is very well located. Besire Paddington stations ( Tube and Train) for business travelling. Lobby has free wifi excedllent and Bar is open late.  Check out at noon is convenient.  Special attention was made at the arrival ( early morning). Food was good and a la carte menu is good and better than the buffet.,Date of stay: March 2014,4.0
3084,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3085-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Brilliant location!,"For convenience, this hotel cannot be beat.  Trains, including the Heathrow Express, are at your doorstep and the underground is steps away.  The facility is clean and  comfortable with excellent service.  The Executive Lounge is an added bonus.  When passing through London we always stay here and have never been disappointed.",Date of stay: March 2014,5.0
3085,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3090-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Unmatched convenience from Heathrow,"We stayed one night here prior to a next day departure back to the states. It has an exit directly into Paddington Station, which offers express trains every 15 minutes to/from Heathrow. The room was lovely, if small. Breakfast was included in my room and it was a well-prepared full English type buffet. The croissants were memorable...Also, this hotel is a 10 minute walk to Hyde Park, convenient for exercise or sightseeing; and there are many fine restaurants in the vicinity.",Date of stay: March 2014,4.0
3086,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3090-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Lovely Hotel,My first review on trip-adviser and I thought I would review this lovely hotel. I stayed there a couple of weeks ago for my birthday. The location is second to none and the rooms are beautiful. Check in was quick and easy. Lady checking us in Fatima  was so attentive and helpful. It was a wonderful start to the the weekend. Thank you Hilton London Paddington for making us feel so welcomed.,Date of stay: March 2014,5.0
3087,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3090-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Good Hilton in great location but poor bar areas,"This is one of the best Hiltons we have used in London, connected directly to Paddington station. Nice decor and bedrooms, very comfortable. The staff on reception and the consierge were very helpful. Worth paying for an executive room as the lounge is very pleasant with a good breakfast and excellent canapes/drinks in the evening. The only problem we experienced was with the bar areas. The Hilton webpage for this hotel states ""Relax in the informal atmosphere of Steam Bar, the ideal place to unwind"". The Steam Bar is advertised as opening at 5pm but was closed until 7pm for a private function on Saturday 15 March and then seems to become a night club (not mentioned anywhere) so not somewhere to unwind - very noisy with bouncers on the door! We used the Lounge Bar which has no…",Date of stay: March 2014,4.0
3088,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3090-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Only Recommended if Someone Else is Paying,"The best bit is the history and architecture of this beautiful railway hotel, which is part of the Paddington Station complex (where they found the bear once, apparently).  Sumptuous reception area and grand stairways apart, the rest is slightly better than usual buainess fare. Rooms are nice - even the 'standard' I stayed in was roomy and well appointed if not a little on the warm side - but the restaurant and bar areas weren't anything special.  Staff on reception were very friendly, albeit it felt a bit 'traing manual' rather than genuine.  We had an evening meal as part of our conference, which was excellent. The breakfast was good, but a bit lukewarm. Our buffet lunch was also good.  As the title of this review suggests, it is incredibly overpriced (£5 for a small tin of…",Date of stay: March 2014,3.0
3089,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3090-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Great room, horrible wifi and at best fair food.","Over last week as we had our dealer partners from across Europe in for a meeting.  We chose the Hilton because it is right in the Padding train station so for being easy to get to you can't beat it.    Check in was fast and easy, coming from states our room was not ready but because of the time of day but we had a coffee at Starbucks and in about an hour we checked back and they had one of the two ready. So we all just went up and crashed for a bit.  Room was nice and roomy, clean and looked fine.    Since we got a wifi password when we checked in I tried to log on.  No luck in the room at all, not then and virtually ever in the room the entire time I stayed.  I thought well at least there is wifi in the lobby, NOT!!  Again when I tried yo log on down there it was hit or miss…",Date of stay: March 2014,3.0
3090,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3095-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Lovely hotel,"We stayed two nights here as part of a coach trip. The room was excellent ,very spacious nicely decorated with two windows, unfortunately these didn't open.  The weekend that we stayed the weather was sweltering so we turned off the heating but could have done with a little breeze. The tea and coffee making facilities were lovely and because it was so warm we did make use of the ice maker down the hall.  Everywhere, corridors, lifts, toilets were spotlessly clean.  Breakfast was excellent with plenty of choice. The first day we had to wait to be seated....as soon as we sat down to wait we were called through and the second day we were shown through straight away. Lovely service by friendly staff. The area around the hotel is busy  with plenty of places to eat. We had a lovely…",Date of stay: March 2014,5.0
3091,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3095-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Executive worth the extra pounds,Stayed here before as it is right in the station which is the terminus for the heathrow express. Booked a suite and had access to.the lounge. Breakfast afternoon tea and evening drinks. The two members of staff on the monday. I think they were anna and philpa who were very helpful,Date of stay: March 2014,5.0
3092,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3095-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Nightclub nightmare,"I wish I could give a higher rating as almost everything was perfect. The rooms were large and luxurious, clean and had all the extra's you need, like plenty of towels, hairdryer and smellies. The food was excellent and a breakfast that was amazing. Location to the underground and train station was perfect. So why such a low rating I hear you ask? Unfortunately our room was directly above the hotels nightclub, and the music appeared to become louder as the night went on. I could every word the DJ bellowed out over his microphone. I left complaining as long as I possibly could as I don't like to be a old grouch and they were clearly have a grand old time, but when it got to 2.45am I rang down to reception and asked what time the disco finished. I give them their due they offered…",Date of stay: March 2014,3.0
3093,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3095-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Food poisoning suspected,"I stayed here for three nights over a weekend as I was attending a Conference where at which I was a Guest Speaker.  On the Friday evening I ordered French Onion soup on room service.  At exactly 6.30 pm I consumed the soup.  Almost exactly 7 hours later at 1.30 am I started vomiting.  Without going into graphic detail I ""know"" I had food poisoning as my stomach produced only the French onion soup.  I continued to be ill until 3 pm on the Saturday (also missed my opportunity to speak on that day). I felt so ill I telephoned Reception and asked if someone could purchase some diocalm for me. Later that evening the duty manager completed a form for me which he intimated would be given to the department of health in order for a report to be made.  This did not happen.  To cut a very…",Date of stay: January 2014,1.0
3094,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3095-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,If only I could give a Zero,"Very poor hotel, rude staff and zero Diamond status recognition.  Was initially booked in a exec room, asked for a quiet room and was downgraded to the most basic room. First time it's ever happened in my travels.  Not worth staying here, service and rooms are poor.  I recommend staying at the Hilton Metropole on Edgware Road ",Date of stay: March 2014,1.0
3095,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3100-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Beware building works,"We have stayed at the Hilton Paddington a number of times and have always been delighted with our rooms and the service. However our recent stay was far from perfect. Our room was very small and right next to the area being refurbished. We were woken up at 8am to the sound of drilling into our wall from the next room, the corridors were full of workmen with ladders, boxes etc blocking the corridors. When we booked we was not told about any building work, but even worse it was not mentioned when we booked in. Such a pity as the hotel staff were great, the situation of the hotel superb.",Date of stay: March 2014,2.0
3096,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3100-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Lovely Place,"Lovely place,  very traditional and location is excellent for small trips around london. Reception staff was ver helpful with very good knowledge of localk attraction etc. I liked breakfast, with nice selection of cereal, and hot buffet was good quality too.",Date of stay: March 2014,4.0
3097,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3100-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Nice weekend stay,"Booked here primarily on the basis of getting an upgrade to an executive room on a Saturday night. Check in was painful - small and understaffed desk that was readily overwhelmed. The room itself was pretty good. Excellent size for London, but a little tired with peeling wallpaper etc. The exec lounge in both the evening and for breakfast the next morning was pretty good and overall the stay felt like good value for money.   Not a bad choice for weekend night in the City. The hotel feels a little lifeless, but was comfortable enough. ",Date of stay: March 2014,4.0
3098,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3100-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,great place off the flight and train.,"After a semi long flight and an express train to paddington station, it is just the perfect end to a journey. Jumping off the train and up the steps to a warm and welcoming place to enjoy at the end of a long day. Twice now and counting.",Date of stay: February 2014,5.0
3099,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3100-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Ticks all the boxes, and then one or two more","Alas I was only here for about 8 hours, but it was a really nice stay.  I've become ultra critical about the little things in hotels like free water, wifi and power points by the beds.  These are important things for business travelers and this Hilton does the job....except perhaps the the free wifi. The room was nice and large, placed at the back of the hotel it was a quiet night's sleep.  Not only were there bedside power points but USB charging on the desk as well.   The bathroom had plenty of shelf space and was equally well sized.  My only gripe was perhaps its time to get some new bath towels.  They did the job, but were a little rough. All in all a great night.  I would happily have stayed longer.  This is my go to hotel for the Paddington area when here on business.",Date of stay: March 2014,4.0
3100,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3105-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Poor hotel,"Having just had the worst nights sleep ever in a hotel, I thought I should share it with fellow travellers. My room was noisy due to road noise reversing vehicles with that never ending reversing alarms.",Date of stay: March 2014,3.0
3101,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3105-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Excellent location, good rooms, poor customer service","being in your hotel room in central London within 20 minutes from leaving Heathrow makes for excellent location. Rooms are good, quite spacious by London standards.  CS on most occasions is indifferent which, while not great, it doesn't really upset me either. What did upset me was not having laundry returned on time in the evening, with no heads-up/warning that delivery will be delayed (I was literally at my last round of socks,etc, so not great to hear you're doing a ''repeat'' the next day). It was made super much worse by the no-care attitude of the front desk staff, who first blandly informed me that laundry is closed and there's nothing they can do. then secondly, after committing to check options and call me back within 10 mins, did not return a message for 1.5 hr. then…",Date of stay: February 2014,3.0
3102,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3105-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,convenient location,"Paddington Hilton is a convenient location and the hotel whilst not inspiring is well run, efficient and pleasant.  Avoid the bar which is soulless - the lobby is a better option. Food generally good. Great transport links from the hotel both to the West End and Heathrow are its biggest asset.",Date of stay: February 2014,4.0
3103,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3105-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Conveniently situated literally on Paddington Stations door step !!!!,"We stayed at this hotel just for one night and would love to stay there again !!! It is right next door to Paddington Station, the rooms were an excellent size and very clean. All public areas ...the corridors, foyer, lifts etc were also very clean. Underground stations were literally 2 min walk away. The one thing I do have a gripe about is the cost of wi fi. £15.99 for 24 hours ....no way was I paying that ...in fact they charge enough to stay there ( and eat there which we didn't ) so I really think wi fi should be free.",Date of stay: March 2014,5.0
3104,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3105-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Your Middle of the Road Hotel,"Great location hotel is average enough didn't seem to be enough staff around reception to handle groups as i noticed Que.s congregating around the lobby quite often , The rooms are spot on nice size and clean  The air con didn't work and we could only open the window 2 inchs was unconfortably hot and it was winter so didn't have much sleep quality other than that nice Hotel",Date of stay: February 2014,4.0
3105,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3110-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Not worth your time,"There are so many choices in the Paddington area that you should stay clear of this hotel.  Rooms are small to the point of enducing claustrophobia and the beds resemble that of a prison camp.  The worst part of our experience was the customer service.  Not even close to the Hilton standards.  From check-in to check-out, there was no helpful staff who made us feel welcomed.  In fact, it was the complete opposite, as we will make a point to never stay there again.",Date of stay: February 2014,2.0
3106,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3110-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Excellent location and great hotel,"Room was comfortable and very European in style. Clean, spacious and has everything that one may need. Location is perfect with being so close, in fact, next to Paddington station and walking distance to many attractions. I was able to walk through Hyde park to Buckingham palace and then Big Ben and back making a large circle through the city. Hilton London Paddington will be my choice again next time.",Date of stay: January 2014,4.0
3107,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3110-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Luxurious and comfortable,"I booked the place to stay at Hilton @ Paddington largely because of its location and its many convenient amenities. I've stayed in Paddington before but at another hotel (Western Shaftesbury) so when I saw an offer on hotels.com for a cheap stay at the Hilton - I grabbed it! Needless to say my friends and I were not disappointed.  Location: Literally next to Paddington Rail station and the Underground. Extremely convenient for travelling whilst lugging huge and heavy luggages. We walked 40min from Harrods, cutting through Hyde Park to get the lovely view back to our hotel - long walks in the cool weather are a MUST when travelling in London.   Amenities/Services: Sainsbury and M&S at the Rail station with plenty of places to eat. Lots of quaint Italian eateries around. The…",Date of stay: February 2014,5.0
3108,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3110-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Had a great stay,"Beautiful lobby, friendly staff and spacious rooms; had a few billing issues which could not be addressed by the staff.   Went with my partner and she enjoyed it, and so did I. The location - practically next to Paddington station - was a great help in exploring London and getting around.   Keep an eye open for great deals on this one; if you can get this cheaply, I assure you will have a delightful stay.",Date of stay: February 2014,4.0
3109,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3110-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,OK for a central London hotel,"Styed recently for a couple on nights. Good overall for a central London hotel. One problem - our meal in the restaurant, consisting of two courses took two and a half hours. The food was excellent - but two and a half hours! Otherwise a good all round value for money hotel - would recommend.",Date of stay: February 2014,4.0
3110,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3115-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great Location,Great location to get to and from Heathrow airport. Rooms are really spacious for european hotels standarts. Confortable beds and pretty decoration. Internet connexion is a disaster in the rooms !!!! Will recommend and come back,Date of stay: December 2013,4.0
3111,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3115-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,incredibly convenient to train & tube,"Very close & convenient to the Paddington train station and great base after arriving at LHR when you use the Heathrow Express.   Easy walk to/from Paddington station and while breakfast in the hotel is very expensive there are plenty of more reasonable options on the train platform.  Nice walk to Hyde Park, Buckingham and Westminster Abbey.   I ended up booking back in here for a second stay based on my first experience so tried two different rooms and they were both modern & quiet.",Date of stay: November 2013,4.0
3112,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3115-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,We couldn't Bear to leave!,"This hotel is in a superb location. We walked when we could and used the tube for further destinations.  The front desk staff was helpful and the concierge service was priceless . The Hilton Honors lounge (I think Diamond and up) helped us to stretch our travel dollar (err, pound) by offering complimentary breakfast, cocktails and snacks. This lounge also overlooks the bustling train station and we always felt a sense of excitement while snacking or planning our next outing. The bed was comfortable and we never heard a peep from other rooms. Don't be put off by a ""chain"" hotel. The exterior and the staff give you all the charm. The lounge gives you an intimate opportunity to engage other travelers, while your room will provide a modern yet comfy have. Enjoy.",Date of stay: March 2013,5.0
3113,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3115-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Unbeatable location,"Stayed there 20+ times. Very reliable (service/comfort/Internet/breakfast). Great location for heathrow express and hyde park. If you can, buy upgrade to exec, worth it if you planned on having breakfast for two.",Date of stay: February 2014,5.0
3114,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3115-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great hotel in a convenient location,"This hotel provides the high quality expected from such a brand as well as a convenient location to see London and get to and from the airport.  Having stayed in other hotels nearby previously, the rooms were refreshingly large and clean. The bathroom itself was bigger than some of the rooms we had previously had in London. Staff were nice and accommodating and provided great advice for getting around London. The hotel could not get any closer to Paddington Station. The bed was comfortable and provided for good sleep.  The only negative would be the cost of internet in the room. While wifi is free in the lobby, this proved to be incredibly slow and unreliable. There were also events on in the bar and on the second level (open stairs from the lobby lead here) which blasted music…",Date of stay: January 2014,4.0
3115,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3120-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Easy access to trains, planes and tube","This is my Third trip to London this year and my first stay at this hotel. Being that the hotel is connected to Paddington Station made travel so simple. We took the Heathrow Express from the airport directly to the Hilton. There is easy access to the tube with help of the concierge mapping out directions we easily traveled all over the city. Everyone we encountered at the Hilton was very helpful (doorman, front desk and concierge). We were directed to cute pubs that are walking distance from the hotel.  The room was spacious and clean. The bed was comfortable. There is a small fridge with a little room for personal items. We did not have a view and there was construction outside but we didn't hear any noise from it.   We would advise replacing the worn desk chair in 437 it…",Date of stay: February 2014,4.0
3116,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3120-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Very nice hotel with a convenient location,"I am Hilton Gold and have stayed at this hotel twice.  It is a very nice hotel with a great location for what I needed.  After landing at Heathrow and taking the Heathrow Express train, it is only a short walk to the entrance of the hotel.  This is great after a long flight from the US.  Also, for the day of my departure home, I stayed here again.  VERY convenient.    For touring around London, the entrance to the London Underground is only about 500ft. from the lobby!  For Hilton Honor members, no guarantees, but I was upgraded both times to a large deluxe room.",Date of stay: February 2014,5.0
3117,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3120-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great Location; Typical London; Good Sleep,"Very convenient being at Paddington - with what you expect for comfort and cleanliness at a Hilton. Not a marquee property, but I did enjoy my stay and the quality of the rooms. Was great for a 2-night transit stop - the Tube got me to all the sites. Rather inconvenient for restaurants - nothing worth it in the area. Internet is expensive. Good value for money on an off night.",Date of stay: January 2014,3.0
3118,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3120-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Good hotel and well located.,"Very good and imposing hotel in central London convenient for a trip to the West End, Albert Hall, Piccadilly. A short distance from Hyde Park which provides an excellent walk past the Serpentine through to all that the West End of London has to offer.",Date of stay: February 2014,4.0
3119,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3120-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Can't Fault It,"You step off the (rather grubby uninspiring) street (although Paddington Station's M&S, Sainsbury's, Boots etc are to hand) and end up in an oasis of awesomeness.  A friendly welcome on reception, swish plush carpeted corridors and then a large luxury room (I had booked a Double Hilton Deluxe).  Literally everything you want from plump King Size to a washing line over the bath, posh toiletries to a safe, tea and coffee making to European and UK sockets.  The breakfast was magnificent.  My only two faults:  a) free wifi in room, please, really, we shouldn't be charging for these basics any more and b) The Steam Room Cocktail Bar on a Friday night is FAR FAR from a Cocktail Bar.  It is a nightclub with a burly surly doorman banging out rap and R&B for the young - we made a quick…",Date of stay: February 2014,5.0
3120,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3125-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,food,Breakfasts poor and no value for money. Staff friendly and helpful. Good location for transport. Poor surrounding area with no good restaurants in walking distance. Rooms small. Poor and expensive internet. No shower except standing in bath.,Date of stay: February 2014,3.0
3121,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3125-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Central - easy access to Heathrow,"We had an early Saturday morning flight and ultimately chose this hotel due to its proximity to Paddington station - which runs the Heathrow express. You can access the station from the rear of the hotel restaurant, which, in itself, is extremely handy.  Check in was tedious. The receptionist was less than helpful and kept answering the phones whilst tending to our check in. This meant that a simple 4 room check in took almost 20 mins. He did not apologise for doing this, nor act like it was an inconvenience for us.  After we finally got checked in we headed to the hotel restaurant for a quick snack and drink. Standard hilton facility. Basic however does the job in the sense of there is a lot of wine and food to choose from for a simple snack.  The rooms are on the small side…",Date of stay: February 2014,4.0
3122,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3125-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,VERY GOOD ONE NIGHT STAY,"Recently stayed at Paddington Hilton for one night after a long haul flight the cannot fault the hotel  everything was up to a very high standard, the room was excellent, breakfast very good staff very good, all in all excellent stay will stay again.",Date of stay: January 2014,5.0
3123,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3125-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Only thing going for this hotel is location!,"Great location and it ends there! Everything from service to room was basic. We booked this hotel because of its convenient location. We had prearranged with the Checkin staff for our luggage to be left at the hotel overnight as we were going to Liverpool for a night, and the next day we were flying out of Heathrow again. On the morning when we took our bags to the luggage department, they agreed to keep the bags for the day but not overnight. They said any bags left overnight will be handed over to the police. This was a security risk. We told them that the reception staff told us we could. The response from the luggage dept manager was the Checkin staff don't know the policies and we do things different from them. This was absolutely poor. We questioned how is the security…",Date of stay: January 2014,2.0
3124,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3125-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Good if a little expensive,"The hotel is fantastically convenient being within Paddington station and was the main reason I chose hotel. However checkin was very smooth and being a Hilton gold member was upgraded to a deluxe room which was very pleasant being reasonably sized and luxuriously appointed. The only disappointment was the bathroom was on the small size, but this is not unexpected for a central London hotel.  Unfortunately I had to rush off in the morning before breakfast but checkout was quick and smooth.  The only tip I would provide is to try and get a higher room. Mine was on the second floor and there was some traffic noise outside (but not too bad).",Date of stay: January 2014,4.0
3125,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3130-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,A hotel more for business,"My wife had a business meeting at this hotel for an entire day and so we stayed here. The room was reserved by my wife's company for the night before our arrival so we would have a place to stay after an very early AM arrival from the US into Heathrow.   This did cause some confusion at the desk upon check-in however as they had some trouble finding the reservation. Our five year old was with us and he usually sleeps in a king size bed with us when traveling; however the hotel did not have a king size bed available and were were given a queen bed and a separate bed was delivered to the room it was comfortable but made the smallish room a bit smaller and I try to avoid this if at all possible. The front desk claimed only a ""standard room"" was reserved and ""nothing else was…",Date of stay: February 2014,3.0
3126,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3130-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Great hotel, super confy bed","This hotel has a superb location, right attached to the Paddington station, a central London railway terminus and London Underground station complex - meaning, you arrive by plain and can go straight to the hotel, one train away, and you are a few stations away from the center and all the main attractions.   A bit pricey, but it is London on a superb location. The bed was super comfortable (although I don't know if it was just us that were super tired from all the sightseeing!)  Don't miss out on the pancake maker at breakfast and Nutella individual dose - a great way to start your journey! :)",Date of stay: August 2013,5.0
3127,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3130-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,This would be an excellent review...,"...if it wasn't for the snooty, unhelpful, arrogant, self-absorbed reception desk staffers, who seemingly so full of themselves have forgotten the cardinal lesson of customer service - listen, don't finish other folks' sentences and accept sometimes, even rarely in their stratospheric company, the client might just be right.   Undoubtedly super-convenient when coming in on the train or the Express from LHR, but I do get the sense the rates and the location make the marketing and service standards a little lazy shall we say.  Ignoring the fact I am a Diamond Member with Hilton, I expected a little more engagement on arrival. Nevertheless, after the surly and frankly almost offensive check-in, I was surprised with the quality of the room (606) and I meandered downstairs to be…",Date of stay: December 2013,3.0
3128,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3130-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Loved our stay!,"We stayed at the Hilton London Paddington, October 12th - 14th, 2013.  We stayed in room #606; we were amazed at the size of the room and bathroom - very spacious!  The last place we stayed, in London, just down the road, in Sussex Garden; was so tiny, we could hardly move.  Nice comfortable bed - king or queen, cannot remember. Bathroom was very big - I wish I had taken pictures.  There was a mini-fridge, stocked full - but don't take the item's out to look at them; they will bill the room.  Luckily, our's wasn't working; we didn't drink anything, anyway. The hotel is so convenient to Paddington Station and the tube; that is why we stayed here; not to mention the deal we got with our travel package - we booked.  We would relax, at night, in the lobby lounge, using the free wifi…",Date of stay: October 2013,4.0
3129,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3130-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great hotel but busy area.,Stayed here on business for a few nights. the hotel being locatd right next to Paddington was a big plus as I has to  take early morning trains out of that station. The location of the hotel is absolutly superb and everything is available within a minute's walk. The breakfast was an absolute delight.,Date of stay: April 2013,5.0
3130,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3135-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Convenient hotel for a Swift visit to the Capital,"We stayed at the hotel for one night when we took our 13 year old daughter to see Taylor Swift at the O2.  Arriving by train in to Paddington the hotel is extremely convenient, with no need to drag luggage round the underground.  We were allowed to check in early which really helped make the most of our day.  Our room was a good size for London and our daughter was pleased that her put up bed was comfortable for a change.  Our bed was also a good size.  All the usual amenities - flat screen TV etc.  breakfast was good with friendly service.  Again the buffet was rated as particularly good by our discerning daughter.  The hotels situation connects easily with most of London.  Easy travel to the Southbank and onward to the O2 by Thames Clipper.  We walked to Portobello Road on the…",Date of stay: February 2014,4.0
3131,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3135-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Good hotel but some issues,I stayed here with a friend and whilst the location is superb there were some issues that made it less acceptable than normal.  It was great that I could check in early and was upgraded to an Executive room which means we got Exec Lounge access. This was great.  When it arrived in the room there was no power from any of the sockets and this needed to be corrected by maintenance which took about 30 mins. I am sure this should have been picked up by housekeeping when they cleaned the room from the last inhabitant. Similarly the half eaten burger left in the mini bar should have also been removed!!!  The other issue is all the noise that started in the corridor at 0700. This went on for ages until it was finally sorted. Not really acceptable.  One final minor irritation is that the…,Date of stay: February 2014,3.0
3132,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3135-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Good size room for London BUT invasive construction/cranes outside room right now,"Only King Guest and King Exec available, (in between level of the King Deluxe room not bookable)  so I booked King Guest.  As HH Gold upgraded, but suprisingly  checkin took care (and ages) to find 1-level up Deluxe despite none available to book online ! (Not as if hotel was saving giving me lounge benefit, a 21.00 checkin and drinks hour was over)  Room a reasonable size, workdesk etc, plenty of lighting and power sockets. Flatscreen TV,  but for upmarket hotel,  the tv channel choices were a definite let down, other lower price rate Hiltons even do much better channel wise.     With late checkin did not use Hilton restaurant,   ate out.  In morning had restaurant cooked help yourself breakfast,  plenty of choice, was ok,  but nice rather than great. .  Alas major work outside…",Date of stay: December 2013,3.0
3133,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3135-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Good hotel,"i enjoyed my stay its been one of the most comfortable stay in london, great location and price was competitive. The only criticism would be they should inform the guests at CHECK IN that if they moved anything in the mini bar they will get charged even if they do not consume the item. I moved the paddington bear (why would this be in a fridge??) just to have a look then i placed in back. The next morning I received a bill for £9.95! Lol thats when i realised  that I will get charged for anything that I moved in mini bar...there is a sticker in front of the fridge but its in grey colour..not clear for customers to see...is this a trick? Fortunately the accepted my mistake and took fhe charges off...",Date of stay: January 2014,4.0
3134,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3135-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Close to the train and excellent location!,"I stayed at the Hilton London Paddington while on a business trip in July 2013. First of all, I was only in London for 2 days and my meetings were in the Piccadilly Circus area, thus I needed a hotel that was close to the trains (to Heathrow) and close enough to the city core. The Hilton was the perfect fit - excellent rooms and a great location. The service was also top notch. The only downside to my stay is that there was a construction project underway right across from my room - which was extremely loud and not exactly ""eye candy"".",Date of stay: July 2013,4.0
3135,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3140-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Cold shower,"Not overly happy with my stay at Hilton this time. Room was great, spacious and had a very good working space which I needed. BUT, upon arrival I went to the gym and had a shower in my room. For some reason the thermostat was adjusted to maximum heat, no big deal so I adjusted it for my comfort. I realized this morning why the previous occupant had tried to squeeze every drop of hot water upon his leaving… there was no hot water! They clearly have issues with hot water supply on peak hours, at least on the 6th floor, or a least in room 629. So, be aware of this when you book and check with the reception if you want a room with hot water.",Date of stay: January 2014,3.0
3136,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3140-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Overnight stay from Melbourne,"We arrived off a long flight from Melbourne. Checked in a 7am and assigned a room straight away. What luxury ! With a Tube Staion right there, it's so convenient. And Paddington Station has convenience stores for newspapers and drinks. I'd stay there again. Heathrow Express is a bonus. Step off the plane, on to a train, and right in to the hotel ! Woke up next morning and checked out easily, and stepped on to the 10.30am to Hereford. A good experience and good staff.",Date of stay: December 2013,4.0
3137,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3140-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Booked on location...Exceeded my expectations,"You simply can't beat the location if you are coming in and out of Paddington, either by train to/from the West Country or Heathrow.  As it turned out I was arriving late at night from the West Country...had meetings all over London the next day, and was flying out of Heathrow after that.  having booked this hotel purely on the grounds of its location I was VERY pleasantly surprised to find a wonderful spacious room, and a truly comfortable bed.  Nothing else mattered.  Thanks to the Hilton for its attentive and efficient staff and for exceeding all expectations for service when location alone would have been enough.",Date of stay: January 2014,4.0
3138,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3140-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Booking with clubcard vouchers a nightmare but lovely hotel,"I had an absolute nightmare booking this trip, trying to use Tesco vouchers, the advisor booked the wrong hotel and a comedy of errors ensued. However, we got there in the end and I was thoroughly impressed with the place. We had a 'Queen Hilton Suite' which comprised of an enormous king bedded room, an entrance hall, a massive bathroom with bath and separate shower and a separate  twin bedded room with its own bathroom. It was clean with plenty of storage, in an Art Deco style. The suite comes with access to the executive lounge, which was most enjoyable, serving complimentary  breakfast, drinks and snacks all day. Nothing was too much trouble for the staff in here, especially the chef who made a big fuss of our children, giving them a chefs hat made their stay! The hotel is…",Date of stay: January 2014,5.0
3139,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3140-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Hilton Paddington - Avoid if possible,"Good location due to distance from stations however, hotel seems to take advantage of that and don't really give you all the attention needed. Given the rate that is charged, I would have expected more",Date of stay: January 2014,2.0
3140,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3145-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Top hotel,Great hotel. High quality service and amazing location. Only a few yards walking to the Hyde Park. There is a metro station just across the street and an exit from the hotel that leads to the Paddington Train Station. Totally worth it.,Date of stay: July 2013,5.0
3141,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3145-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Comfortable and well-located business hotel,"I stay at the Hilton London Paddington weekly. It is relatively newly renovated and comfortable. Like most Hiltons in London, it is decorated in a rather conservative fashion, but the quality of the furnishings is high -- except the desk chairs.   The location is great -- literally on top of Paddington station, you do not even need to go outside to get into the station or the underground.  Sometimes the technical facilities of the hotel are not quite up to snuff... lights sometimes flicker and the electronic keys do not always work on the first (or fifth) swipe. The gym is fairly basic, though new and clean. The lifts can take some time to arrive, particularly in the mornings.  The staff are very competent and friendly, but there is often a queue to check-in... given the…",Date of stay: January 2014,4.0
3142,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3145-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,London,This hotel was clean and the staff especially in the dining room were very helpful and pleasant it was very handy for the middle of London as the underground was opposite the front entrance and it's quick and easy to use the food was very nice and catered for every taste a good lace to stay,Date of stay: January 2014,5.0
3143,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3145-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Ok but nothing to write home about,"This hotel is ideal especially if you arrive to Paddington late at night. Entrance is right at the station so you are able to get to bed quickly. It is not far from oxford street, just take a taxi or, even better, bus 159 just in front of the hotel. The bus costs 2,4 pounds and works well, about 7 minutes to oxford street (you can also get to piccadilly circus with bus 159).   So the location is good. The breakfast was also excellent. Room was clean and I slept ok (the pillows were too big but managed to sleep anyway).   The service was, however, somewhat lacking. The extra bed they delivered to our room was so short it was obviously not meant for an adult. The order we made to our room (to be delivered at 3 pm) was forgotten and delivered only late at night after a reminder.…",Date of stay: January 2014,3.0
3144,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3145-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Great Location,,,,has issues!!","Stayed at this hotel for 1 night only on Sat 18th January. We arrived early so unable to have our room but luggage stored until our arrival back with no problems. this hotels location is its best attribute,,, arrive at Paddington, up an escalator and your straight in to the lobby. Again checked out early yesterday and luggage once again stored. Very disturbed sleep between the hours of 1.30 and 3.30 on the fifth floor,,,shouting, screaming and many voices outside our room of 547,,,,dont know what was happening,,, in fact wouldnt like to guess but some people have no respect or regard for anyone else. Breakfast was buffet style and i must say this hotel holds my record for the coldest cooked breakfast that i have ever had anywhere,,, not good for a 4 star hotel,,, big food…",Date of stay: January 2014,3.0
3145,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3150-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Really disappointing,"The hotel felt run down, the staff were inattentive, only those that could have received a tip even attempted a smile and the whole atmosphere was drab. The hotel is classified as accessible but the entrance lift was broken. No-one had a key to the side door either. As it happened, there was a fire alarm in the middle of the night and we had to evacuate the hotel (not their fault) but the chaos downstairs was amusing. No one was in charge and some patrons left the building, some returned to their rooms and others just wandered in the cold. Felt like an unloved hotel in the middle of a cold London night.",Date of stay: December 2013,1.0
3146,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3150-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Excellent Hotel!,"We stayed for a two-night break to visit the sights and the London Boat Show.  The hotel is superbly positioned adjacent to Paddington Railway Station, as you'd expect, as it was originally the GWR Hotel.  It is ideal if arriving by train, however we were on a coach-trip and stopping outside on a busy taxi rank was not easy for the driver. Paddington tube station was just across the road directly opposite the hotel entrance. The hotel is well-maintained nicely decorated and rooms were spotlessly clean.  We did not dine at the hotel but did have breakfast.  There is a massive choice of cooked or continental from a self-service buffet style servery and all tastes seem to be catered for - we could find no fault at all! The staff were polite and attentive and always willing to help.…",Date of stay: January 2014,5.0
3147,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3150-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Impression,Hotel location is central in london.  The heathrow express cames handy and little time on train.  Access on arrival is within terminal.  Perfect without exposure to cold weather. Fast Check-in with human feeling.  Hotel ambiance was excellent and staff assist at every point.  Room exceptionally clean.,Date of stay: January 2014,5.0
3148,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3150-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great location for Heathrow Express but rude reception staff,I stayed here for 1 night before flying from Heathrow. The location for the train is excellent. On arrival we were met with quite a rude member of staff who's attitude seemed like he was doing me a favour. The price you pay for the hotel I would have expected better service. This was the first port of call for us and it does not portray a good picture of London. The breakfast was excellent. I dont normally write negative reviews as I am quite outgoing but the staff at the hotel reception really did annoy me.,Date of stay: November 2013,3.0
3149,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3150-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Very Comfortable,A very comfortable stay here for the weekend and great breakfast.  Ideally situated near the tube station so our journey by tube to piccadilly was trouble free and didnt take very long either. Staff at hotel were very accommodating and it was great to get away and relax in these surroundings.,Date of stay: December 2013,4.0
3150,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3155-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Classic old hotel,Ideal/easy location for short london stay--so easy after longhaul flight to catch heathrow express into paddington the walk straight ahead and upstairs and you are in the lobby! Traditional old decor but had character. Bed comfortable and room  easily accomodated rollaway for adult  Great breakfast selection. free wifi in lobby only--room excessive and per device,Date of stay: January 2014,3.0
3151,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3155-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,not quite sure,"ok the good things first, breakfast was good even if a little crowded on the Sunday, the wifi was excellent, free to me as HH Gold, I was upgraded to a deluxe room which again was very good, I normally stay down the road in the metropole or the Hyde Park Hilton,.In both other hotels the staff welcome you as a Gold Member etc. I just thought there was something lacking.  I gather many people who stay here don't pay for the room themselves as they are on business so there are good deals at the weekend.  I enquired about booking another room for later on this year and I was not assisted at the front desk at all.  I was thinking of 2 days in march and 5 in August at exec level or above.  I know other hotels would have bought you a gin and tonic even on a vague promise,. However it…",Date of stay: January 2014,3.0
3152,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3155-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Theatre Trip,"Journey made by train ( Great Western). Best thing about this hotel is on- the- doorstep travel. Off the train, through the ticket barrier. up the escalator and your in the hotel. Arrived well before check in time but formalities completed and overnight luggage taken care of and the weekend begins. 3rd floor room nice and quiet and breakfast as refreshing as ever. Theatreland all within Zone 1 & 2 together with Oxford Street waiting to be shopped. If Sunday shopping is required, it is worth noting that the major stores do not open till 11.30 am or 12 noon so no point in going earlier. You can apply for a day travel ticket in advance and save the queue at the tube station. If you are making more than one journey this will save you money. Hotel has plenty of facilities but eating…",Date of stay: January 2014,5.0
3153,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3155-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Not what you'd expect from Hilton,"Stayed at this hotel for a trip to the boat show, Having stayed at quality hotels all over the world I can honestly say that in comparison my stay at The Hilton Paddington was average at best, the room was ok, the staff were ok, breakfast ok, and thats what it was, just ok! but the worst thing was the cost of drinks and wifi, where I come from a large glass of red wine costs about 4.95, I know I can to expect to pay more in London but £11.90, and wifi at 14.99 for 24hrs? it all smacks as being a big rip off, dont think I'll be saying at this hotel anytime soon, there is another hotel around the corner I've stayed before for a lot less, not been stitched up and give the feeling they are actually pleased to see you",Date of stay: January 2014,3.0
3154,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3155-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Can't beat the location!,"Great to be right over Paddington with access to trains and tube.  Hotel is nicely renovated, you can get a King bed, lobby is attractive, staff is fantastic. Downstairs in the station is a variety of food options including an M&S and Sainsbury Local.  So not only can you choose from a wine bar, Yo! Sushi, a pub, or coffee, you can get market items and take them back to your room.",Date of stay: January 2014,4.0
3155,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3160-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Nicely placed,Hotel is perfect place to visit London and see the sights. Breakfast was perfect with the staff ever so pleaseant. Rooms were nice. No problems with the 'elevator'. Lots to eat out and about the hotel if you didnt want hotel food and all quite reasonabley priced. Well worth a stay,Date of stay: December 2013,4.0
3156,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3160-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Easy travel and nice,"The Hilton London Paddington made my trip through London very simple.  I was impressed by the service of the staff and also the ease in which I was able to get to and from London Heathrow Airport.  You can take the Heathrow express train 2o minutes from the airport to Paddington train Station.  Then literally get off the train take the lift upstairs and you are at the door to the Hilton.  Drop off your bags and you are ready to explore the city.  There is also a Starbucks next to the entrance and a pharmacy and plenty of places to get food at the train station so if you need anything all you need to do is take the escalator downstairs.  The room was quite large, updated, clean and very quiet.  The tube entrance is next too the hotel so getting around the city is easy.  Since I…",Date of stay: December 2013,5.0
3157,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3160-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Hot room, luke warm breakfast, no aircon, no free wifi in room.","So if you want to pay £14.99 a night for wifi then be my guest, not my idea of a business hotel.  Breakfast was spoiled by a buffet bar with nothing warmer than a warm egg, the chef who begrudgingly microwaved my english breakfast was so rude I found it like an aggressive faulty towers.  Serving a warm buffet on cold plates is just daft for people who rightly expect a fried egg to be somewhere near to hot.  Room was hotel style and nice except for the magic ingredient of comfortable controllable atmosphere.  The only way in January to overcome the excessive heat (? 26C) was to open all the windows, and still it was hot.  The 'Fan' was incapable of cooling it seems, and after trying to sleep with it on we gave up, it was just too noisy.  Add to this a naff TV with poor sound…",Date of stay: January 2014,2.0
3158,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3160-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,great location,"Good location, Staff was semi helpful- front desk was a tad snooty. Conceige was fine. Rooms okay. Breakfast buffet large, but okay. Right near Paddington station- so great location but lots of street noise at night.",Date of stay: December 2013,3.0
3159,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3160-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Perfectly located, if slightly pricey","If you, like my family of four, including two little ones, are at the end of a long traipse through Europe and in need of some luxury and convenience for a night or two, before a long trip home to Asia, the Hilton at London Paddington can be perfect. The rooms and bathrooms we had were spankingly new, and the hotel is surrounded by shops like M&S and excellent coffee and casual salad/sandwich places, not to mention myriad shops (WH Smiths etc) at the train station (all accessible without having to leave the premises, just take the stairs/lift up or down); with the added convenience of the proximity to the tube that takes you to Heathrow direct via a linking bridge…just what we needed to recharge, so we didn't mind too much the poor buffet breakfasts or sometimes interminable…",Date of stay: October 2013,5.0
3160,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3165-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Dated, major elevator problems, iffy service","This hotel has obviously seen its heyday. The corridors have a worn aspect to them. The room which was sold to us as a suite was in effect a larg(er) double room, the second room being rather small particularly when the sofa-bed was in use.  During our stay, one elevator (of the three) was out of order the whole 4 days, and one of the other two intermittently did not work, which is a problem because there is no other access! Hotel staff are uneven. Teh concierge is great, very niche and forthcoming, front desk/reception staff have, in opart, a very disrespectful approach to customers (the ""what do you want attitude"")",Date of stay: October 2013,3.0
3161,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3165-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Superb Location, Average Hotel Experience","I wouldn't say that this is my favourite Hotel in London, but certainly, arriving via train into Paddington station, this is by far the easiest hotel to get to!  Accessible via a staircase on the interior of the station, it's hard to imagine a more accessible hotel. Check-in was quick and painless - and I was directed to Room 326 for a single night stay.  The room was well appointed and clean, with a large double bed, large screen TV and small desk area. The bathroom was large and well-appointed with both a bath and shower.  The only complaint I have is the quality and cost of the Room Service Menu. After ordering a Chicken Curry, which was meant to be accompanied with naan breads and assorted dips, I was somewhat disappointed to see that they had been forgotten - and so in…",Date of stay: January 2014,3.0
3162,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3165-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Excellent value,My boyfriend and I stayed here for a week in Novemeber. Could not fault it. The place was spotless and maid was very efficient. It is ery close to Oxford Street too. Perfect location. I would recommend it to anyone. It is worth the money.,Date of stay: November 2013,5.0
3163,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3165-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Christmas Break,"My boyfriend and I visited this hotel for a two day Christmas break between Christmas and new year. We booked quite far in advance and paid quite a bit for a standard double. Upon arriving the exterior looked very swish and the staff were welcoming. We were able to leave our luggage 2 hours before check in and the concierge were very polite. I was slightly annoyed when I was asked for a credit card almost immediately without being told why, after I had pre paid months ago. I worked at a hotel for 3 years and fully understand pre authorisations for incidentals but I find it courteous to tell guests why I am asking for their card and how much I'm going to be with-holding from them. I had to ask reception for this information.   On a positive, the room was much bigger than I was…",Date of stay: December 2013,4.0
3164,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3165-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great hotel at great location!,"I travelled to Londoy in June, 2013 and I stayed for a couple of nights in Hilton London Paddington. The Hotel is located just behind of Paddington train station. You also have the Paddington tube station so you can move easily to everywhere in London.  Rooms are quite larger than you can expect in other hotels across Europe but I would say that it´s a common room for a Hilton. All rooms have bath tubing, that is well appreciated after a two week trip in Europe with small showers... The room has 32 in Flat screen TV. The WiFi is for free for Gold or Diamond HHonors Members, but if you need it you meet to pay something around 14.00 UK pounds. Restaurants are quite expensive in the facility, however you have several meal options just across the street or in paddington train…",Date of stay: June 2013,5.0
3165,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3170-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great location!,"Easy commute from Heathrow via Express. Our room was nice, clean and quiet.  Breakfast was very good and If you are an Honors member they had great appetizers and drinks each night.  Service was very good as well.  Easy to get around London from this hotel.  Would stay here again!",Date of stay: October 2013,5.0
3166,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3170-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Generally Fine,"Hotel is located very well... But Paddington stations passengers crosses the Hotel Lobby at any time of the day... Generally the housekeeping was great. We had a very frightenin nigh, there was a fire alarm. Someone smoked in the night club. All hotel customer went down at after midnight. Noone explained anything afterwards.",Date of stay: December 2013,3.0
3167,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3170-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great alternative to airport hotels,"Right at Paddington station. Better than most 4 star Hiltons. In fact for my money its better than the very tired Hilton on Park Lane. Only 20 minutes from LHR on the Paddington Express (GBP20 one way) and Paddington is great for trains to Wales and the West of England. Not much else in this area other than plenty of budget hotels but its pretty close to the west end. I checked in at 1pm but was told there was no room ready, but fair enough as they hadnt gteed it and they took my bags off me. When I did get a room it was pretty good by London standards. GBP15 for wi-fi is a bit rich. Didnt eat in the hotel but youd probably do better going out.",Date of stay: December 2013,4.0
3168,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3170-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Good hotel for ""quality travellers""","This is a nice Hilton hotel with an excellent location for ""quality"" travelers who want a good quality hotel - it's located in the middle of Paddington Station and not too far from the West End and Oxford Street/Hyde Park. The hotel is somewhat old, but the rooms are spacious, clean and well-functioning. Staff is in general professional, friendly and service minded, and the breakfast is of good quality.",Date of stay: December 2013,4.0
3169,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3170-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Location, location, location","The location cannot be beat. There is a direct entrance into Paddington Station with easy access to restaurants, stores etc. Good sized room. I would never stay at any other hotel in London. Only disadvantage is that it is pricey.",Date of stay: December 2013,5.0
3170,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3175-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Ideal and friendly,"Closeness to airport and super connectivity makes it the ideal location for a London visitor. Rooms are clean and staff warm hearted ,ever willing to help. That fire alarm rousing guest from a deserved sleep was a little eerie. I did enjoy my stay",Date of stay: December 2013,4.0
3171,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3175-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Excellent Facility and Location,"We stayed here one night in December on our way back to the US. Our interaction with the reception was quite friendly, especially considering this is part of a world wide chain of hotels which tend to be aloof and cold at times. The hotel occupies a large area smack in the Paddington railway station with a Fullers pub. Its corridors and hallways are spacious and well done; no worn carpet here. Our room was art deco and really quite big with a comfortable bed and a large bathroom with very good shower. It feels even more comfortable especially after spending a few nights in a near by nice hotel but with much smaller rooms. Location right in the train station is unbeatable and there are many decent pubs and restaurants within a short walking distance.",Date of stay: December 2013,5.0
3172,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3175-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Great location, friendly service,  extra cost",This hotel is next to the Paddington Station where Heather Express departs.   We lost our backpack in a taxi and the hotel concierge was really helpful.   The room was small and if you need an extra blanket it will cost you £35 pound.  The heating was not working.   It took them a while to bring a portable heater.,Date of stay: December 2013,3.0
3173,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3175-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Have to agree with the poor customer service,"I read a few comments here about the staff not being particularly pleasant and I unfortunately have to agree! The Indian (?) man at the Reception desk who ""welcomed"" me and my family was pretty unfriendly. But I don't blame him, I blame the Management for recruiting such staff! I asked him to print a document and was told that the ""business centre"" was closed (although it was a Friday at 3pm) and that I should go to an internet cafe OUTSIDE!! Gobsmacked!! (and yes that's what I had to do!!) What kind of customer service is it in a 4 stars hotel?!! We also requested online (and I asked again the Receptionist) a baby coat and it wasn't in the room! Had to wait for it to be brought in the room. Annoying when your kid is tired after a long trip! Not sure who is not doing their job,…",Date of stay: December 2013,2.0
3174,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3175-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Continually great service and location,"The Hilton Paddington is in an excellent location in terms of arriving from the airport (Heathrow Express and Underground connections) but if you get a taxi from Heathrow it is expensive. The rooms are very comfortable, spacious, well maintained and the daily servicing of the rooms keeps them fresh and clean.  The hotel is not cheap but considering the ease of traveling around London from this point it is worth the investment, especially if you are looking for a little luxury when you are visiting London. The customer service and the general welcome provided by the staff is of the highest level, making the stay very relaxing. I have visited this hotel over period of 10 years and it continues to provide an excellent destination that meets the expectations for a hotel of this class",Date of stay: December 2013,5.0
3175,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3180-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Convenient location but poor customer service,I chose this hotel for its location so that we could check in straight off the train before going into London to see a show.  It was ideal from this point of view.  The room was a good standard but a bit small for a double. At 8.00 a.m. we were woken up by drilling and banging next door as a result of renovation work.  When we complained to Reception there was no apology and no offer to compensate us for the inconvenience.  A warning about this on check-in or a polite note left in the room would have helped. For the price I felt this was poor service.,Date of stay: December 2013,3.0
3176,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3180-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Convenient, faily classy","I booked this as I need to get an early train from London, and you cannot get closer to the train station. Pretty much as expected, all went fairly smoothly and the room was fine.  I was a little annoyed that guests can't use the business lounge unless they're gold/platinum Hilton members, but hey-oh, there is a reasonable lounge to get things done and good drinks service there. As expected their 'cooler' bar was far from that. Pretty empty and rather soulless, but I don't think many of their clientele are looking for chic drinks.",Date of stay: December 2013,4.0
3177,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3180-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,hilton paddington,excellent hotel good level of service; we felt very safe and experienced very friendly and helpful staff. good rear entrance to access directly onto Paddington station concourse. the beds were very comfortable,Date of stay: December 2013,5.0
3178,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3180-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Superb,"Although I only stayed here for one night, the hotel made a lasting impression on me.  Service by staff was excellent, courteous and conducted with style.  The room was so comfortable and nicely decorated I wished I was staying longer.  I shall definitely use again.  Right inside paddington station too.  Highly recommend.",Date of stay: December 2013,5.0
3179,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3180-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Good value & ideal for moving around,"Hilton Paddington is ideal for moving around due to its proximity to the Paddington Tube station. It is very convenient for shopping the basics (i.e. water, refreshments, snacks, etc), exactly because lots of shopping centers & cafes reside within the Paddington station and there is direct communication of Hotel lobby with the railway station. Hotel rooms are nice, clean & comfortable. Hotel staff is polite and helpful in every way. The breakfast was also very good, in terms of variety, quality and service. The only thing I found not good was the cost of Internet access (~ 15 pounds for 1 day & 50 pounds for 3 days), when this is free in other hotels.",Date of stay: December 2013,4.0
3180,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3185-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Superb,Customer Service is Top-Notch. Location is great. You are right next to Paddington Station. The Staff is second to none. The management is attentive and makes time to listen to guests. The food is delicious and the Hotel in room dining service is great. I highly recommend this hotel for business or leisure guests!,Date of stay: December 2013,5.0
3181,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3185-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Paddington London Hilton,"Location, Location, Location.  The Hilton Hotel located at paddington train station: Heathrow Express, The Tube, ample taxi service and within easy walking distance of major business and tourist locations.",Date of stay: December 2013,4.0
3182,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3185-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,A welcome surprise!,"The redo of this Hilton now makes it a must for weary travelers needing an overnight  before catching a morning train.. Coming from the US, I jumped on the amazing 10 pound Heathrow Express that dropped me 20 minutes later almost at the door of the Hilton. The checkin was in record time, my room ( which I had prepaid and was of great value) was very comfortable in size and amenities. I ordered room service and it was there in a flash. Better yet, the food was delicious. This Hilton used to be old and disgusting. I am thrilled that they have made the effort to bring it up to true Hilton quality.",Date of stay: October 2013,4.0
3183,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3185-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Very impressive,Have just stayed one night at this hotel. Very reasonably priced and in a very good central location. This hotel is very well maintained and managed with very friendly staff. The rooms are very spacious and well furnished with the room stocked with all required amenities. I will definately look to return sometime in the very near future.,Date of stay: December 2013,4.0
3184,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3185-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,VERBAL ABUSE from a concierge member tonight,"Sadly, I am using tripadvisor to complain about a cruel treatment I received from a concierge tonight. My name is Claudia and I'm a post graduate student living in London; went today very late tonight to visit my friend given his short stay in the city, as well as being the only gap in our schedules.  I do agree on the fact that policies are more strict after midnight, no discussion about it. However, what I experienced tonight let me absolutely speechless and crying, never in my life I've been so humiliated.   My friend, who was waiting for me did fall sleep so wasn't able to contact the receptionist to give the permission for me to go up, I was texting and calling but he was sleeping in no less than 3 minutes and after I said was going to call him, the concierge verbally…",Date of stay: December 2013,1.0
3185,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3190-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Excellent,"A real cozy place for a family - warm, embracing and peaceful. The staff were excellent, the meals superb and the atmosphere very peaceful! You have the Paddington Station right in front of you & easy access to other parts of London for the fun seekers and shoppings.",Date of stay: December 2013,5.0
3186,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3190-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Hilton - Paddington (UK),Another excellent stay.  Room was perfect and service was friendly and efficient.  It is in a great location for both business and leisure stays in London with easy access to the Underground.  I will definitely stay here again.,Date of stay: December 2013,5.0
3187,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3190-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,another Hilton hotel with bad service desktop computers,"With the key advantage of being in a privileged location, i.e., ""inside"" the Paddington train station, this property has many of the typical good features of Hilton properties (for instance, the outstanding breakfast). However, it also shares a drawback regarding the defficient service concerning desktop PCs: the (ONLY) one desktop PC in the Executive Lounge is outdated and slow and requires an addition of more memory and hard disk capabilities. There is a Business Centre but it is closed during the weekend...  and for me it was a real nightmare to be able to print my Boarding Pass on Saturday December 14....  Fortunately, the Business Centre has 2 brand-new Macs but they are not fully operative and the user gets loged out every half an hour or so.",Date of stay: December 2013,4.0
3188,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3190-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Convenient central London hotel for Heathrow,"I've stayed here on business a couple of times, the hotel is actually part of the Paddington station main building so is very handy if you catch the Heathrow express in to London. The rooms are standard Hilton offers, nice and comfortable but being in London they aren't overly big. Breakfast is good with a large selection available with the only automatic pancake maker I've ever seen :)",Date of stay: November 2013,4.0
3189,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3190-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Very nice stay,"Hotel is situated inside Paddington station so very convenient and you don't even have to go outside from the train/underground. We arrived at 1pm, room was ready (we are Hilton gold members so they even upgraded room). Room was clean .. (the only exception being the cleaner had obviously missed a bit with the hoover as I walked on someone's old toe nail !!!) But that was minor .. everything else was as you would expect. Breakfast was busy (9:30 on a Sunday morning) but very efficient, didn't have to wait and like all Hilton breakfasts .. excellent. Overall a very nice stay, I would certainly stop here again. I would add that the ""value"" is based upon the price I saw it advertised on a hotel search site, we used a Hilton reward voucher .. the price was £145 online ..",Date of stay: December 2013,5.0
3190,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3195-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Nice hotel, convenient location for exploring London","You can't go wrong staying at the Hilton London Paddington.  Very convenient location for traveling in the city.  Arrive at Heathrow...exit Customs...by a Heathrow Express ticket from the ticket machine or one of the guys with a hand-held device at the exit of Customs....walk to the train platform at the the bottom of the terminal.....ride train direct to Paddington (15 min ride)....exit train...walk into the terminal...look for sign ""Hilton Hotel"". Hotel is attached to the station.  Easy.  From Paddington you have access to the Tube and the entire city.  NOTE: If you are in the city for more than one day, and intend on riding the Tube, buy an Oyster card from the ticket machine and use it.  Really cheaper that buying daily tickets.  You can add whatever amount you need to the…",Date of stay: December 2013,5.0
3191,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3195-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Best location in London if arriving at Heathrow,"I stayed at this hotel for business and the location is ideal when flying in and out of Heathrow. You get to Paddington Station directly from the Heathrow terminals with 15 mins or so, and then walk 2 mins to the hotel which is directly connected to the station. What's important for me in a hotel is how well I can sleep at night, not how fancy the hotel is. I asked for a quiet room and they gave me a room on the back (over the train station). It was one of the quietest rooms I've had in a big city and I slept very well. I agree with some other reviewers that the rooms are a bit dated, but it didn't bother me.",Date of stay: December 2013,5.0
3192,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3195-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Business Stay,"For convenience only would anyone want to stay at this Hilton location being connected direct to Paddington Rail station.  Otherwise, the rooms are average and slightly dated and are definitely not worth the money they charge/night.  The room was hot and stuffy and the temperature could not be adjusted.  I stayed at the Hilton Metropole the next night which wasn't as convenient but was considerably less expensive",Date of stay: December 2013,2.0
3193,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3195-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Best Location in London,this is a really convenient location if you are in london or even england for business. I really loved the closeness to the stations and the street is right up the  front door with many restaurants.  Nothing much to do in the hotel except sit ini the lounge.  The rooms are spacious and the bathrooms  very clean. the front desk was efficient but not engaging.   i would stay again only if its for business,Date of stay: December 2013,4.0
3194,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3195-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Covenient if want to be close to airport but not at airport,My 2nd stay at this Hilton property. Convenient because at Paddington Station so can take Heathrow express to airport and a tube station. Hotel rooms are nice. Staff seems capable. Executive lounge is nice. But i also stayed one night at Hilton tower of London and sorry I did not stay longer at that hotel. It was nicer across the board and location was nice as well. But this hotel is nice as well.,Date of stay: November 2013,4.0
3195,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3200-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Great Stay, Amazing Location","This is a very nice hotel with really helpful staff. I asked for many different things while I was staying here and they were always willing to help--from delivering bottled waters to razors to my door. The location can't be beat either with a bunch of great restaurants around and of course, it's above Paddington Station so it's very convenient to take the train to Heathrow.",Date of stay: December 2013,5.0
3196,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3200-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Good location but not value for money,"Nice staff allowing to check in early. The room was poorly equiped for an expensive hotel, no coffemachine, limited teabags, no robe or slippers, no amplification mirror in bathroom and poor lighting, breakfast was not served  with table nor a separate table in room except desk (full of work and computers) and very expensive internet charge. The location is fantastic and the room was quiet so if you only want to sleep there and leave it is ok. It is not a  nice room to sit and work in between meetings and to try and dress up in the evening.",Date of stay: November 2013,3.0
3197,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3200-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great location,Had an excellent stay here. Room was clean and quiet. Breakfast was very good although as it was a weekend it was very busy with guests so choose your eating time carefully otherwise you could be in for a wait.  The executive lounge is great and looks over the station itself. Staff helpful and stored our bags after our checkout time so we could collect them before our return journey home. Easy access from the hotel to Paddington Station itself via a footbridge makes life a lot easier. We would stay there again.,Date of stay: November 2013,5.0
3198,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3200-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Overnight Leisure Trip,"Tried to gatecrash an oversubscribed popular work medical conference but they weren't having it, but having booked flights to London thought I would make the most of it. Had managed to book a room through an usual unheard of website despite Hilton and other websites showing no availability, so a had a few concerns. These were alleviated by a quick email direct to the hotel- quickly replied and confirmation assured which was great. Was flying in on a very early flight then again emailed to ask for an early check-in. Knowing the hotel would be very busy with my colleagues on the medical course, thought this wouldnt be possible however was advised on the email they would try their best. Got train from Heathrow and was literally in the hotel in 15 mins which was great. Impressive…",Date of stay: November 2013,5.0
3199,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3200-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Perfect,"We stayed here in mid November fir my other half's birthday and it was perfect. The hotel is connected to London Paddington Station so if you travel to or from there, the location couldn't be more convenient. The room was spacious and clean, the bed comfortable. Staff were friendly and helpful. This was one of the best hotels I have stayed in in London, I really can recommend it.",Date of stay: November 2013,5.0
3200,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3205-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,First Class Hilton,"The Paddington Hilton is a first class Hilton in the same league as Canary Wharf (my favourite) and Tower Bridge. Its the old Paddington Station Railway Hotel with a tastefull conversion that keeps much of its Art Deco charm.  Its closed to the West end and is part of the station buildings. Locally there are many nice restaurants to eat (see Tripadvisor). Service was good, the room  clean and quiet (even though I was on the side where Cross Rail is being built).",Date of stay: November 2013,5.0
3201,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3205-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Brilliant location,"We had one night here unplanned because of late arrival at LHR. We were due in Cardiff the next day and as the hotel is connected to Paddington Station by a footbridge (inside) and a lift it could not be easier. Also the station amenities - Boots, food shopping, cafes etc- mean that you can stock up anything you need. There is also a medical  centre right in the station. Paddington tube is right there with Circle line. Pleasant staff, good room service menu.very comfortable bed.",Date of stay: November 2013,4.0
3202,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3205-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great location,"I stayed at the Hilton Paddington when I had a one night layover.  The hotel is connected to Paddington Station by footbridge, so it's extremely easy to get from the Heathrow Express train.  Also, it's only a 15 minute ride from Heathrow.  Nice upgrade room, and the restaurant on the Executive Floor had an astounding breakfast set up.    I walked to the Victoria pub for a couple of pints, and it's about five minutes away.  Great little pub you have to visit if staying at the hotel.  The next morning before I flew out, I walked to Hyde Park (10 minute walk from the hotel) and all around the area.  Fairly easy to walk over to Buckingham Palace, Sloan Square area and other cool locations from the hotel.    When I come back to London with the family, I plan using this hotel as my…",Date of stay: November 2013,5.0
3203,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3205-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Easy Location From Heathrow / Comfortable Hotel,"Hop off the Heathrow Express at Paddington and head upstairs and there is the Paddington Hilton! Simply could not be any easier for weary US / international travelers eager to end their journey and get some rest.  Executive room was quiet, very clean, bed / bath comfortable and relaxing atmosphere. We felt the executive lounge was well worth the additional fee for a hot buffet breakfast and evening beverages and snacks. Room was well quipped with iron and board, hair dryer, robe, minibar, flat screen tv.  Food was fine and we were amazed at how popular the lobby bar / casual restaurant were. The Steam Bar may appeal to younger customers.  We found this location was ideal for access to the tube or train and exploring London. Concierge was very helpful and advised us to get an…",Date of stay: November 2013,4.0
3204,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3205-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great hotel but a few caveats,I stayed for only night before a flight departing from Heathrow.  The hotel is in a fantastic position backing onto Paddington Station at the rear and a busy street with pubs and restaurant at the front.  The whole area is busy particularly at rush hour but that adds to the general buzz.  My room was small but very well furnished. Wifi was not included which is disappointing for an already expensive room. Food from room service was good.  One major negative was that the fire alarm went off in the night requiring all guests to leave their room.  This also happened to a colleague the week prior.   Overall it's good but pricey.,Date of stay: November 2013,4.0
3205,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3210-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Convenient but first time.,"I have always known about the Paddington Hilton on Praed Street. First through friends that find it convenient to stay here because of the Heathrow Express to the airport and secondly, I stayed in a friend's apartment once on the street and you can never miss the hotel if you use the underground. Directly opposite the London Underground and within the Paddington station complex, my friend booked a room for me at this Hilton hotel. The room was neat and the staff courteous. The breakfast was great too. I had dinner across the road in one of the numerous restaurants that surround the hotel. The downside is that there is no free wifi. I think for the cost been charged which is quite above average, wifi services should be provided free. Indeed wifi is now deemed a necessary service…",Date of stay: November 2013,4.0
3206,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3210-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Begining of a long trip,"Had an early start so stopped off in London for the night.  You can't beat the position of this hotel just at the and of the Platforms at Paddington. I have stayed here before and there is no noticable noise from the trains.  This time I was on the front of the hotel and although you could hear the busy road, Praed St, outside it was not really an issue.     Had an e-upgrade to an executive suite for £20 which was really good value.  There was ""free"" breakfast for this so it covered the cost of the upgrade, all the trimmings in the exec lounge.  This time on the ground floor rather than at the top pf the hotel so no good views of the city.  Room was very comforable, as you would expect from a Hilton with a lovely soft mattress topping so you can sink right into the bed but you…",Date of stay: October 2013,5.0
3207,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3210-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Fantastic location, pretty good rooms, great Day Room choice","Can't beat stepping off of the Heathrow Express after an overnight International flight and being in a proper bed in under 5 minutes (and that's just if you take your time between the train and the hotel).  The room we had was about average size for London, not massive but also no problems for two people and a fair bit of luggage. Great blackout curtains help to get a restful sleep during daylight hours.  Can't beat the location, with an entrance right inside Paddington Station--- fantastic for day use room (when they are available) or for longer stays because you've got incredible transportation options right at your doorstep.  The staff seemed helpful, friendly and knowledgeable. Priced a bit on the higher side but you are paying for the location and convenience. Tons of…",Date of stay: November 2013,4.0
3208,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3210-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,We will return,"Thank you to the staff, front of house and behind the scenes.  Parking was £26 (very reasonable for 24 hours)  Our dining experience was excellent and the staff were very helpful and friendly.    We enjoyed  our stay very much.",Date of stay: November 2013,5.0
3209,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3210-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,WiFi,"This hotel is surrounded by bed and breakfasts and other hotels next to Paddington Station.  They do not provide WiFi in the hotel rooms, except for outrageous daily fee.  Had to go down to the lobby and try to use Interenet.  They do not provide chairs in lobby for guests, only bar/dining chairs.  Very annoying.  Room was clean and nice and this is an excellent location if arriving/departing on Heathrow Express.",Date of stay: November 2013,4.0
3210,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3215-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,A Mixed Review,"My niece and I stayed here a couple of weeks ago.  This hotel's biggest asset is its location in the Paddington train station (for the Tube, trains in/out of London, and the Heathrow Express to Heathrow airport).  Paddington station is a major transportation hub and therefore has several dining options (a Starbucks is connected to the lobby of the hotel) and a number of other shopping venues (the Paddington Bear store is really cute!).  There is a Marks & Spencer food store as well as a grocery store.  This makes shopping for snacks, meals, and small souvenirs quite convenient.  The Hilton at Paddington station is, as best I can describe it, a BIG OLD dinosaur.  The building is very old but the public areas are nicely refurbished in an attempt for old world elegance.  We had…",Date of stay: November 2013,3.0
3211,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3215-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Very good located but expensive and poor in quality,"Very good located but expensive and poor in quality. Located in Paddington Station, where you arrive with the Heathrow Express. However this is used for charging high prices for everything (accomodations as well as room service and so on) while the quality is mediocre",Date of stay: November 2013,2.0
3212,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3215-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Check the bed before you unpack,"What Hilton calls a ""King Size Bed"" was actually two twins pushed together with a protruding and very uncomfortable ridge right down the middle of the bed. And, the in-room wireless, for which they charge a hefty price was so slow it was useless.",Date of stay: November 2013,3.0
3213,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3215-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"No free wifi, what a swizz","Actually you get free wifi if you're a HH gold or platinum member, and if you're there on business your company probably picks up the tab, so it's only the poor old tourist or occasional traveller that gets fleeced directly.  This rather soured the impresssion of my stay which otherwise was pretty good. The location is excellent, my room was spacious, well appointed and clean with good quality bed linen and towels.  Reception was so so.  I was surprised it wasn't slicker but there were no problems.  Having to evacuate at 6.30am probably wasn't the hotel's fault but that could have been slicker as well. To emerge into a side street in one's pyjamas after walking down 4 flights of stairs to find no member of staff to direct you where to go next or to give a clue as to what was…",Date of stay: November 2013,3.0
3214,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3215-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Pleasant stay before Heathrow,This was our last night of a 2 week vacation. Stayed in an executive room which was spacious and gives you access to the well stocked lounge for happy hour and breakfast. The extra cost did seem worth it. The shops at Paddington station provide an opportunity for last minute shopping and are entered through the back of the hotel. This hotel is in a busy neighborhood but was still fairly quiet for light sleepers like me. Heathrow Express is 1 minute away in the station.,Date of stay: October 2013,4.0
3215,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3220-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Absolutely Perfect for Us,"In October we stayed 6 nights at the Paddington, the former Great Western Hotel at Paddington Rail Station. Hilton took over the management in the early 2000s and remodeled but kept the beautiful architectural details. We enjoyed a large,quiet room decorated in art deco style. Because we were awarded Executive Club privileges, we ate breakfast and early evening hors d'oeuvres in a pleasant lounge looking out at the rail station's interesting interior. The food and service  were excellent in the lounge, and the staff members throughout the hotel were pleasant and very helpful. The location of the hotel was perfect for us. Having landed at Terminal 5 at Heathrow, we rode the 15 minute nonstop Heathrow Express from Terminal 5 to Paddington Rail Station. After walking a few feet we…",Date of stay: October 2013,5.0
3216,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3220-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Enjoyable Stay,Stayed at the London Paddington for 2 nights in an Executive Room with Lounge access. It was well worth paying the extra for. Room was large and very comfortable. Large bathroom with bath and separate shower. Our room was at the front of the hotel and room was quiet. All members of staff were very friendly but Steven the Concierge and the Executive Lounge staff deserve a special mention for their level of service. Heathrow Express took less than 15 minutes to take us right to the hotel which is accessible from the train station. Paddington tube station is directly facing the hotel and taxis   Executive Lounge provide a good complimentary breakfast and a wide variety of hot and cold snacks throughout the day. Complimentary drinks were served from 6pm - 8pm. Wi-Fi was available…,Date of stay: November 2013,4.0
3217,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3220-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Good value last minute stay,Convenient for a last minute 1 night stop  Great spacious room possibly better than we had paid for with a sofa and some chairs.  I had stayed a number of times in the past but not reviewed.  Not been for a while as it has been relatively expensive last minute good rates probably as a big show at the hotel may have cancelled some rooms.   Car parking at station you could walk undercover through station  At the weekend think its only £10 a day good for London. Careful where you park though as selfish/poor parkers could make escape difficult.  Works on cross rail is going on next to the hotel so a road closure for a while’ We didn’t hear works on the  5th floor facing the works  good window sound proofing.  Comfortable beds and spacious bathroom  As well as the station underground…,Date of stay: November 2013,4.0
3218,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3220-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Great Location, average rooms",You can't beat the location of this hotel. It is literally in Paddington Station so convenient for the Heathrow Express. Rooms let it down in my opinion...bog standard Hilton rooms with shower curtains and old fashioned furniture.  Expensive for what you get. I'd stay again but only in a delux.,Date of stay: November 2013,3.0
3219,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3220-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Convenient to Paddington,"Talk about on the doorstep! Really convenient. Very nice check in staff. Our heating didn't work so an engineer was sent up immediately. He couldn't rectify it so a mobile heater was sent up to our room. Everything was fine. Not outstanding, but then this isn't that expensive for a London hotel! Lots of places to eat and drink locally too so ideal.",Date of stay: November 2013,4.0
3220,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3225-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Very good hotel with excellent location,"If you come to London from Heathrow Airport by express train, this hotel is an excellent choice. The train will bring you close to the hotel lobby. The hotel is renovated and well mantained. I was there for a coference and facilities are appropriate. When I came to my room I found it very cold. I went to the front desk twice that they arranged some additional heating for my room. Otherwise room was very clean, with comfortable bed. The view was not something to remember - turned to the Paddinton station roof and to the wall of an adjacent block. I had breakfast in the main restaurant and it had good selection of various food. I liked their yogurt (blacberry and plain).",Date of stay: November 2013,4.0
3221,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3225-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Good hotel with easy access to other parts of the UK,Travel directly to this hotel from Heathrow by train and use the Underground located in the hotel to travel throughout London. It is much cheaper than using a cab. There is easy train access to other parts of the UK. Check the Brit Rail website for more information about direct service. We walked out of our hotel room and were in Oxford in about an hour. This is an above average Hilton with good amenities and great service. ,Date of stay: August 2013,4.0
3222,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3225-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Stay at Hilton Paddington Hotel,Its very convenient to get there. Rooms were nice and clean. Services were good and would always prefer to stay at Hilton as it becames very convenient to travel over there. Whenever I come to London for my business trips i prefer staying in Hilton.,Date of stay: July 2013,4.0
3223,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3225-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,A wonderful stay,I said at the hotel on 1st nov for one night as I didn't want to leave! Wd arrived at 11:45 and it was very kind of reception to check us in then! Room was very nice number 520 spacious room clean bathroom comfortable bed and very clean! All hotel staff were polite and helpful. It is adjoined to paddington station so easy to get to if arriving in to paddington! Directly opposite the hotel is the tube station and just up the road a little is the bus stops.. Wd didn't have breakfast at the hotel we went to raffles a little cafe just down from the hotel so I cannot commented on what the breakfast was like. Overall I would 100% stay again due to being a lovely hotel in a very good location! ,Date of stay: November 2013,5.0
3224,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3225-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,busy hotel,"good location of the hotel. Easy access from the train station on the back entrance of the hotel. Very small lounge, very close to the lobby so a lot of people walking around non stop. Not a relaxing place. Food in the lounge was very good as well as the service. Breakfast selection was good. Room very clean and comfortable.",Date of stay: December 2012,4.0
3225,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3230-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Brilliant better than imagined,Stayed for one night prior to heading home to Australia. Exactly what we wanted location was amazing for the station. Wonderful checkin with a lovely girl who upgraded us to a king room (very spacious for London standards) when my husband mentioned we were in the last day of our honeymoon we had no idea that we would receive a beautiful bottle of wine and chocolates to the room lovely touch. The only negative was on check out on looking at our itemized bill I saw two charges for the steam room liquor which I had no idea what was for. The girl at the front desk explained it was for alcohol in their steam room bar (which we had not even known existed let alone had 10 pound worth of drink in). I explained to her that we hadn't been their and did not order any alcohol and had gone…,Date of stay: November 2013,4.0
3226,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3230-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Ticks all the boxes,"We spent one night in the Hilton London Paddington, and it ticked all the boxes -- it was convenient, clean, and well-equipped. Clearly, the hotel caters for people looking for either: (a) a very central location and/or (b) a short walk to Paddington station. It works great on both counts.  PROS: - Location is perfect. You're in a nice part of London, and pretty close to Edgware Road, if you're staying in the city for a while. If you're only looking to be close to Paddington Station (for Heathrow Express, or British rail), I don't know how you could do better than the Hilton. You walk out the door, around the corner, and then you're at the station. - Breakfast was very nice, with a great selection of different items, and a nice omelette station. - The room was very comfortable,…",Date of stay: October 2013,5.0
3227,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3230-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Ideal in many ways,"If you want a hotel that provides the ideal location for Paddington train station, efficient service, decent breakfast and well laid-out/equipped rooms, look no further. This hotel does exactly what is required. It is not a romantic, dream destination but a professional hotel that provides all the key elements and does them very well..",Date of stay: November 2013,4.0
3228,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3230-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,London Paddington Hilton,"Lived up to expectations. A very handy location as we arrived by train into Paddington and the hotel made a perfect base for our stay in London. Great room, comfy bed, friendly staff, good breakfast, could not be happier.",Date of stay: October 2013,5.0
3229,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3230-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,What a surprise at the end of a long flight,"This August I took an over night flight to Heathrow Airport in London.  I was able to take the Heathrow Train Express directly to Paddington Station and to the Hilton Hotel.  This hotel is connected to the train station and as a result very easy to find, check-in and be in your room within a matter of minutes. Our room was very nice, a corner room with more room than I expected from a London Hotel.  I had ordered chilled bottled water to be delivered upon our arrival which came with in minutes of settling into our room.  The bathroom was very nice with black marble counter top and large tub and shower. The breakfast buffet was worth the money with many hot items, fresh fruits, great breads, etc.  The whole experience was a very delightful surprise and experience and I would…",Date of stay: August 2013,5.0
3230,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3235-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Convenient stop-over at Paddington Station,"This is a medium-sized, recently refurbished tourist hotel right at Paddington Station. We stayed here arriving late from Heathrow one evening and then leaving the next day to head across London. As with almost every hotel in the Hilton chain it gets all the basic things right. The room is large, comfortable and well-furnished. Plenty of staff, all of whom are pleasant, professional and friendly. The area around Paddington is not the most attractive to walk around, and so there is no real reason we would stay here again. But the hotel's proximity to the station makes it a good, safe choice if arriving or leaving late in the day. We used Hilton Honors miles to stay here, but this is an expensive hotel for what it is, and definitely not somewhere we would spend the cash price on…",Date of stay: August 2013,3.0
3231,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3235-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"hilton, paddington, hotel","We were recommended to stay in that Hotel because it's very convinient to get there from Heathrow Airport. That's true. We paid for executive level of the room and it was great-the lounge has internet, snacks, breakfast (food was better thatn in the Hotel Restaurant).THis Hotel is next to the train station that has supermarket, Pharmacy, gift shop with  very convinient hours.  Don't expect superb service from the concierge, just very basics. Prepare yourself with the tourist information. This Hotel is next to the stop of the Big Bus for London tours.Walking distance to Hyde Park, Kensington Gardens. FYI:When we checked first for reservations- the Hotel was completely sold out for the date of our arrival  and just couple days before the arrival-many rooms became  available with…",Date of stay: May 2013,3.0
3232,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3235-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,traveller,"their shou;d be a better cooperation between hotel & rail station. Their  was no help available when leaving at hotrl or station. On arrival both areas were very helpful.  Date of leaving 22/10/13 . very disappointing finish to great holiday,",Date of stay: October 2013,4.0
3233,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3235-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Never again,"The staff are rude and act like they are doing you a favor by letting you spend $400-500/night to stay. Where to begin....I requested and was refused an upgrade despite being diamond (had just made diamond) despite being a 3rd time guest here, despite requesting it (they offered it to me upon booking the room) and despite agreeing to pay for the upgrade. I was on points this stay and agreed to the suite upgrades they offer you on booking if available, including a rooftop terrace suite which would have netted them another $500-$700 depending on which suite they gave me. Stupid business practice to deny me and let it sit empty. Instead I received the smallest room I've stayed in here. The girl told me I wasn't entitled to upgrades because I was staying on points. I didn't argue in…",Date of stay: September 2013,2.0
3234,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3235-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Business trip to London,Hotel well situated almost at the train platform for the Heathrow Express and direct access to three underground lines. My first stay here. The room was spacious but a bit used! Did not reflect the roomrate of 340 £ Staff was kind. Breakfast was good. This hotel is all about location ,Date of stay: October 2013,3.0
3235,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3240-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Another great stay,I have stayed at the Paddington Hilton roughly 5 times over the last year. It's a large hotel extremely convenient if using the Paddington Rail Station. There is a consistency throughout all the rooms we have stayed in. The rooms are not huge however well planned and always spotless.        ,Date of stay: October 2013,5.0
3236,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3240-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,What a happy surprise!,"Brilliant in every way. In the right place (on the platform). Warm and intelligent staff (told us how to find our restaurant without hesitation). Nice big room (excellent quality, smooth sheets). Helpful and quick reception (for late arrival and very early departure on Heathrow Express). I am already recommending it and now plan to stay there every time I catch a morning flight. Try the Frontline Club for dinner; just down the road and round the corner from the Fountains Abbey pub.",Date of stay: October 2013,5.0
3237,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3240-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Perfect cleanliness and impeccable service,"I stayed in London Hilton Paddington 14 times .I stay there at least four times ayear. The welcome is good;the staff helpful,the cleanliness perfect and the service ideal. Smiles from everyone-which makes you feel at home! Despite its being an old building,it's being well maintained thanks to frequent refurbishing. The solemn reception area marble and the carpeted floors  are impressive. The buffet breakfast is splendid,varied and nicely presented. The  cleaners  are extremely keen on cleanliness.. The concierge is very helpful . The operator is wonderful .And above all the duty managers  are so hospitable and friendly. The highest point of all is the housekeeping management. I do recommend this handy hotel:a number of bus routes available just opposite /next to the hotel on…",Date of stay: October 2013,4.0
3238,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3240-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Good location,Great location if you're in london for a night or two and need to get back to Heathrow great if not stay anywhere else. For that price you probably could afford to. Didn't like the rooms. Hotel feels old and dingy and staff were useless (at 1am) ,Date of stay: August 2013,2.0
3239,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3240-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"For Business Absolutely, On Holiday Maybe","The executive lounge is the best I've ever encountered at a Hilton and I've stayed at quite a few.   After arriving on an overnight international flight, if your room isn't yet available, the lounge is great refuge to get cleaned up and gather one's bearings to continue on with the day.  Generous breakfast offerings, beverages and snacks all day, and evening beer/wine with heavy hors d'oeuvres, make lounge access a value even if you have to pay for it as part of a room package.  If you're HHonors gold or diamond, epically if traveling on business, it's a no brainer.  Literally located in London's Paddington station, terminus of the Heathrow Express, it has the ease and convenience of a Heathrow airport hotel yet is in central London!  When paired with the Heathrow Express, you'd…",Date of stay: June 2013,5.0
3240,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3245-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Strong in a tough market for travellers,"This is typical large Hilton - well maintained, well run, very good beds, and in my case a much larger room with a high ceiling that added to the feeling of spaciousness.  Its easy to see why this chain has been successful over a long period.  The only thing is...15 pounds for internet???  Thats preposterous and just makes you think 'I'll go somewhere else next time'.",Date of stay: October 2013,4.0
3241,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3245-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Below expectations,"I was very disappointed with this stay more over due to the £395 per night rate.  The room was good but additional £20 for breakfast was beyond acceptable. The plumbing was noisy, toilet always running and quite old towels. Just little things",Date of stay: October 2013,2.0
3242,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3245-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Hilton Paddington,"The Hilton Paddington is adjacent to the train station.  It is possible to enter from inside of the station, but easier to find if you go outside.   The concierge team were absolutely wonderful.  We came two days early for a business trip to complete jet lag.  After a day of touring on foot (around 15 miles), they set us up with a delightful full day bus tour to Windsor, Stonehenge and Bath on extremely short notice. The rooms are pretty typical for an older, classical hotel.  Very nice and well kept. The breakfast is the classic, expensive hotel breakfast. This is a great choice for the convenience to Heathrow and the subways.  It is not in the center of ""everything"".  Great neighborhood pubs nearby.",Date of stay: March 2013,5.0
3243,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3245-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Just the BEST,"Again, the Paddington Hilton showed why it is the best. I stayed for business, as I always do, and from the moment i checked in everything was perfect. The front desk agent, Ritesh, couldn't have been better. He welcomed me back and knew from my last stay what I needed and  indicated that my room was as I requested when I left from my last visit. He instructed me to let him know what more I needed to make my stay the best. The management staff is one of the best around, from the GM, Mark, down they are always there for you.",Date of stay: October 2013,5.0
3244,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3245-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,A room with a view - not,"Hotel is ideally situated. Rooms are well appointed and very clean. Bed was very comfortable. My view from the window was of a roof, a fire escape and a wall. There was barely enough sky to determine what the weather was like. Builders started drilling and hammering in the room next door before 09:00!!!!",Date of stay: October 2013,4.0
3245,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3250-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Nice Hotel, great location","We chose this hotel for it’s proximity to transportation, including the Heathrow Express, as we had an early morning flight back to the US. It was wonderful. We had an upgraded room, which was very large (even by US standards) though because the hotel is so big, was a bit of a walk back to the elevators. The bed was comfortable and the bathroom spacious, the decor very elegant and beautiful. The toilet needed a little extra time for the tank to refill between flushes; it worked, just slowly. When we arrived, the room was freezing. Maintenance quickly came to turn heat on to the room; it never got really warm, but was tolerably not freezing anymore. The hotel is connected through a set of doors to the station, giving oh so easy access to the tube and trains. As well, there are…",Date of stay: September 2013,4.0
3246,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3250-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Elegance and convenience,"You don't have to leave the train station to get into this hotel.  Nor do you have to go into the rain to get into the tube system.  The appointments are elegant, with tons of birds-eye maple on the doors and very tasteful decor in the rooms.  Like another reviewer, I did not find the thermostat in the room effective--turn it whichever way you like, the room temp did not change.  Bring a book to wait for the lift.  Given only six floors, consider the stairs.  The included breakfast was British Standard with all the elements--the little mushrooms, the tomAHtoes, the blood sausage and the fluffy croissants and other baked goods.    I would stay here again!",Date of stay: October 2013,5.0
3247,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3250-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,A Fantastic Experience,"Overall: An amazingly convenient location at Paddington and in the heart of London, this hotel delivers on some many levels.  Equally convenient for business travellers and families out to explore the city.  Pro's: - Location.  Arrived to LHR at 10am and was in my room before 11am.  The 15 minute Heathrow Express literally arrives at the front step of the hotel.  Hyde Park is a 10 minute walk and there is a wide range of food options / pubs in the immediate area. - Rooms.  I was in a standard King room and it was fantastic.  Very quiet, large by London standards and solid amenities. - Service.  I did not have a single negative interaction.  The entire team from the front of the house to the back are professional, caring and engaging. - Food.  The restaurant really delivers,…",Date of stay: October 2013,4.0
3248,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3250-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great location but facilities are sub-par,"I stayed for 5 nights due to meetings primarily in the Paddington area.  As others have said, the location is excellent for access to Heathrow and other parts of London.  There are a lot of options in the area as well for pubs and restaurants.    I found the rooms and facilities to be ok, but sub-par for the brand and the price.  For example, the water temperature in the shower fluctuated pretty significantly between hot and cold.  The weather changed during my stay (early October) and got quite cool at night.  However, I was unable to warm up my room - although I made requests two days in a row at reception to look into it, never seemed to happen.  Elevators were insufficient and slow.  And the chair and desk in the room were old and uncomfortable.  None of these are…",Date of stay: October 2013,4.0
3249,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3250-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,My favorite hotel in London,"On my business trips to London, I have stayed in the hotel several times because of its convenience to the airport and trains. It is by far my favorite hotel in London (I have stayed at four other Hilton properties in London). Location- It is attached to Paddington station where the Heathrow Express arrives from the airport. With airport connection, tube station, and train station outside the hotel, it is convenient for traveling in London as well as for trips outside London. In the last visit, I took a morning flight from Heathrow; the hotel location made it easy to take an early morning Heathrow Express. On most of my stays, I never had to take a cab because of the location of the hotel. Executive Club- It has a good size club with a fascinating view of the Paddington station.…",Date of stay: July 2013,5.0
3250,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3255-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Getting our favourite room,"My husband &I visited in September & had a really good room, spacious &quiet. I tel. To request the same room when we returned three weeks later & was told they had noted the request but could not promise.  We were very pleased when we went to book in & a member of the reception staff, Ritesia, said he was the person I had spoken to & was able to give us the same room. It made our stay even more enjoyable & we are returning again in Dec. I hope we are as lucky again.",Date of stay: September 2013,5.0
3251,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3255-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Lovely stay!,"My fiancé and I stayed here for 2 nights on a 16 day trip to Europe. It was the perfect place to end our trip. The room was clean, comfortable and beautifully decorated. The staff was friendly and attentive. The breakfast buffet was the best one of our trip with eggs to order and plenty of decent coffee.The location is superb, as we could walk to many restaurants and sights or hop on the tube which is directly across the street. Upon check out, we walked through the hotel to Paddington Station to take the Heathrow Express to the airport. It was my third trip to London, and I hope to stay here again!",Date of stay: October 2013,5.0
3252,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3255-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Perfect for Hyde Park and exit to Heathrow,"This is a typical standard Hilton hotel. Nothing special,nothing bad. Very good thing is that it is more or less an extension of the train platform of Heathrow express. Get off the train and walk into the lobby. Specially on return day it is very practical . No need to think about taxi and how long time it may take by taxi to get to the station. The location is good for West End. If you wake up early it is wonderful to take a walk in Hyde Park. Tube station right in front. Some nice pubs in the area. It us a good selection for a London stay. Both biz and private. I stayed here many times and will come back. ( but no London atmosphere)",Date of stay: October 2013,3.0
3253,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3255-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Nice hotel, but ask for a rear room on a weekend","My first trip to London, on business, and was advised by a business colleague to stay here. Really interesting building, it was the original offices of the Great Western Railroad. I arrived on a Thursday and was given room 104' which overlooks the street. There were some late night garbage truck noises but nothing that bothered me. The room had an electric kettle and was well stocked with tea and cookies. Bed was comfortable and the room was very clean.   On the Friday night however, I was awakened at 1 am to throbbing music coming from the Steam Bar, located directly beneath me. Apparently on Friday and Saturday nights there is live music until 4 am. I was displeased, but the next morning when I asked to be moved, my request was granted immediately with no hesitation.   Praed…",Date of stay: October 2013,4.0
3254,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3255-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Older property-first rate staff,"I have to commend the staff here. I injured myself in the station (cut knee) and both the station staff and the Hilton staff could not have been more helpful. We had just come from the US and despite the early hour (9:30am) they had a room for us within half an hour. In addition they provided band aids and wipes for my cuts. The room was modest in size but quite comfortable. This is an older hotel but is generally well kept. There is a Starbuck's between the hotel and Paddington Station, which I recommend for breakfast. The cost in the hotel is substantial ($25 for tea and toast for 2). The primary reason we stayed here was the convenient location and the fact that we paid for it with Hilton Honor points.",Date of stay: August 2013,4.0
3255,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3260-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,London Stopover,"Ideally situated hotel, close to Paddington Station. Plenty of restaurants and pubs in close proximity. Friendly helpfl staff, high quality room. We will certainly will stay here again on our next visit to London",Date of stay: September 2013,4.0
3256,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3260-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Not so great for a Hilton,"Staying as a diamond member, I have visited more than a few Hilton's and this one is below par. The room was average and the view of, well not much. The food was also pretty average and the service the same! The advantage is the location, its actually in the station so really handy for an early train.  Basically, if it wasn't for the location I don't think I would stay here. There are plenty of other Hilton's in London which are better for the same price.",Date of stay: July 2013,3.0
3257,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3260-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great hotel and location.,"Great location outside of midtown London.   Easy ride from St Pancras Station.  Just walked over to the Heathrow Express.  Rooms are nice sized and modern.  Nice area to wander around.  Will certainly recommend this location to others, especially for business commitments or arrival / departure dates.  However, we were surprised at the surcharge for in-room WiFI.",Date of stay: September 2013,5.0
3258,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3260-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Very poor value for money,"At £359 for a night I would expect a better level of upkeep of rooms: there was a large crack in sink, most plugs were 2 pin, those ok for UK were low level and behind a desk. I had to sit on floor to dry my hair.  If I had paid less I wouldn't be bothered but if a hotel sets itself up to be the best I think it should try a lot harder. Breakfast poor value at £25. Coffee flasks on side: not fresh.",Date of stay: September 2013,2.0
3259,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3260-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,I liked it even better the second time,"This is just a super reliable, friendly-staffed, great location (connected to heathrow express), upscale hotel. Internet is good, food is good, rooms are nice and comfortable. Bed could be a bit softer--very firm. Towels could be softer. But, this is my go to hotel in London. Breakfast is really great.",Date of stay: September 2013,4.0
3260,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3265-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,A Special Experience,"As many reviewers here also note, the Hilton Paddington is in an excellent location. If arriving by train into Paddington you are at reception within seconds, and when you are there, transport to anywhere in London could not be better or easier.  However, the location was just part of the attraction and enjoyment for this hotel for me. It was booked directly through Hilton Reservations and the rate was excellent. Firstly, I found the décor and design of the hotel absolutely beautiful. They are very aware of the location of this hotel and it's historical connection to the Golden Age of British Rail Travel during the 1920's and 30's. The beautiful Art Deco architecture and furnishing style of the hotel really emphasises this and makes it delightfully individual. It was impeccably…",Date of stay: September 2013,5.0
3261,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3265-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Exec lounge was very useful,I used the exec lounge for a number of meetings I had planned. the staff in the lounge were very helpful indeed. Check in process was slick and rooms more than adequate for a business trip. Location not ideal for me but it depends where you need to be. Lobby area is VERY busy with guests from outside the hotel so Exec lounge is essential if you want to meet someone. Restaurant was OK nothing special.,Date of stay: October 2012,4.0
3262,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3265-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Location,  location,  location!",Great location with the hotel connected to Heathrow Express train station. Paddington pretty central near the Arabic restaurants on Edgware Road.  Many buses take you to Oxford Circus.  However the hotel is of medium standing.  Not bad but nothing to write home about. ,Date of stay: September 2013,3.0
3263,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3265-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,First Choice,"Managed to book Executive special on our last days in London prior to flying back home. Stayed in this hotel before but this time ,I was very satisfied. We had access to the Executive lounge where one can relax , drink and eat  breakfast and snacks  free and people watch as one can see Paddington Station clearly. Our room was very nice. Worth staying as you can arrive or depart for Heathrow easily by Heathrow Express or Heathrow Connect. One can get the bus outside the hotel or ride the underground/tube also.",Date of stay: September 2013,4.0
3264,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3265-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Paddington convenience with Hilton excellence,"We needed a convenient, but reliably nice place to stay for the final two nights of our England trip when we would be back in London.  Traveling by train with luggage, we opted for convenience for these two nights and chose the Paddington Hilton in spite of some reviews that said it was noisy due to its location at the train station.  We couldn't disagree more, based on our experience.  Our room overlooked the outside of the train station and it was very quiet.  The convenience was worth so much to us for this part of our journey. We thought we might have to sacrifice our standards and were not expecting anything really nice due to location.  But Hilton's name is on this hotel and thus, they held true to their brand - it was perfect. Ask for a quiet room to be sure.",Date of stay: September 2013,5.0
3265,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3270-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Excellent facilities and system with poor staff,Who allowed noisy rock music concert late at night in your hotel? Sound propagates through ducts to upstairs. Your staff does not seem to know room acoustics which is very important in operating a hotel.,Date of stay: September 2013,3.0
3266,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3270-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Going back in time. What you get for going to London,"Whenever I return to London (mainly for business), I have a sense of nostalgia. I was born there many years ago and always hope that I can recapture that sense of times past. Well, when I stayed at the Hilton Paddington, I got that sense of times past, but for the wrong reasons.  The overall stay was poor at best. Breakfast was well below standards set by other Hilton franchises. The room I was given - a ""junior suite"" (a larger room with a largish bathroom and a spare corner which was dark and pokey and not fit to use) was on the second floor overlooking the NOISY street - buses and traffic pass ALL night and I had to have ear plugs to get some sleep. How about investing in some proper soundproofing?  The ventilator in the bathroom was noisier than a uranium centrifuge.   The…",Date of stay: September 2013,2.0
3267,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3270-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Street Noise spoiled the in-room experience,"the Hilton Paddington is in an excellent location if you arrive on the heathrow express. It is also very close to the london underground networkmaking it very convenient.  The Hotel is quite tired, however my room was very comfortable and i was very happy with my room accommodation. The only down side to this hotel was that the noise coming into my hotel room from the outside street was very loud and disturbed my sleep.",Date of stay: September 2013,3.0
3268,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3270-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Exceptional Hotel!,We stayed at this hotel while we were visiting the sites in London. We got a family suite. It was really large and had great views of busy London streets. The world famous Hilton breakfast was amazing.   We had dinner one night at the hotel and ate out the other two nights. This hotel is right near Paddington and Edgware Road underground stations so very good if you are doing site seeing.  The bar staff were excellent and managed to keep us entertained while serving us drinks. We asked for a babysitter and was given a list of babysitting agencies to try. We got a really nice nanny in her late 50s and the kids loved her.,Date of stay: December 2012,5.0
3269,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3270-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Great Hotel, well situated","The hotel was very comfortable, clean with a very pleasant large room. Air-con was a bonus. Staff were most polite and helpful. We will definitely stay in the future. Situated close to main line train station and opposite underground train. Many restaurants and cafe's close by as are supermarkets.",Date of stay: September 2013,5.0
3270,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3275-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great hotel,Stayed for a weekend break having travelled up by rail from South Wales. The hotel is so convenient and the welcome after our journey was excellent. Cannot fault the quality of the rooms and service from the very friendly staff. Would recommend this hotel particularly if arriving in to Paddington.,Date of stay: September 2013,5.0
3271,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3275-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Perfect place at the perfect time,We had a couple of days in London between New York and Johannesburg. I used to live in London and have spent a lot of time there since moving back to New York. For one night it seemed the logical choice as we could come off the Heathrow Express and be in the hotel in minutes. We arrived about 10 a.m. and they were ready for us with a room available which was comfortable & quiet and I could see out the window no less than six church spires! The following day we checked our bags with the hotel while running around town which we collected that evening and went back to Heathrow.   Every member of the staff we encountered could not have been more polite & helpful. We had a huge breakfast included with the room and for convenience & comfort I cannot recommend it highly enough.,Date of stay: August 2013,5.0
3272,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3275-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Handiest place on our trip.,Yes we jumped off the Paris train walked through the station and here was our four star accommodation for a couple of days in London how easy was this and we were picked up out the front by our bus. Heaps of sights and food within a short walk and not far to catch the big red bus for the sightseeing trips and all the places in town quite easy. The hotel was lovely but one little gripe after travelling for five weeks this was the first hotel that didn't give you free wi fi in your room even though every restuarant or bar does give you that service even maccas does. We will return one day.,Date of stay: September 2013,4.0
3273,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3275-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,What you would expect in a Hilton,"Very convenient for traveling to and from Heathrow. The hotel is literally in Paddington Station. This is a much better hotel than those around Heathrow. You are 16 minutes from Terminal 1 via Heathrow Express. By paying in advance we were able to get a good rate (for a Hilton in London).   No problems, no glitches - other than the fire alarm that went off at midnight and required a building evacuation.   There are many places in eat within a few minutes walk.   We will stay here again.",Date of stay: August 2013,4.0
3274,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3275-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Hilton Paddington on the door step of Heathrow Express,"I was very pleased with the overall experience of my stay.  I had a small problem with a leaking shower, which was fixed soon after my reporting it. It was good value for money and cheaper than I expected the Hilton to be. The service was excellent except for one waiter. He thought I was being fussy as I preferred to have the coffee type I ordered instead of the incorrect one he had delivered to me.  One persons attitude would not stop me from recommending the Hilton at Paddington UK.  All other staff could not have been more friendly, helpful and efficient.",Date of stay: September 2013,4.0
3275,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3280-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Bag check,"Nice hotel, a few glitches that can be expected anywhere (room not ready for requested early check in, slow service at dinner restaurant), but no major complaints. One thing to be aware of is that while the hotel does have a baggage check as mentioned on their website, what is not made clear is that the baggage check is for 24 hours. We planned a quick three day side trip to Cornwall based on the belief that we could check our big bags for the days we would be gone and pick them up when we returned for our last night at the Hilton. When we inquired about checking our bags, we were informed that there is VERY limited bag check space and that bags could not be checked for longer than 24 hours. If we had known that in advance, we wouldn't have planned the side trip. Luckily, we…",Date of stay: September 2013,4.0
3276,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3280-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel.,"Stayed one night as part of an organised trip. Very clean room, comfortable bed. Staff were helpful. Wide choice for breakfast.The only restaurant did not open until 6.30pm which made it difficult if you were going to a show. The only other eating place in the hotel was turned into a nightclub on a Saturday so did not offer earlier meals.",Date of stay: June 2013,5.0
3277,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3280-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Convenience is Key,"The signature advantage of this hotel is access to the rail system, less than 10 minutes from room to train including check-out. Made use of that feature while staying overnight to catch an early flight out of Heathrow. Standard room on the 5th floor was compact but was nicely appointed with a modern and fresh look. Have stayed here several times and I always get the same view, or lack of it, so that does not bother me. Did not use the restaurant facilities since there are numerous food options in the train station and the in surrounding area. With express check-out you just drop your invoice in the box and head to your train.",Date of stay: August 2013,4.0
3278,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3280-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Fair price for major convenience,Great location adjoining Paddington Station makes this a convenient stop for those arriving at Heathrow and traveling on by rail or air.  Rooms are fair sized by London standards. Staff was particularly helpful in holding a bag for a family member to pick up later.,Date of stay: August 2013,5.0
3279,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3280-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Brilliant service for a jet-lagged baby,"We had a night in London following the 24hr long haul from Sydney. We chose this hotel for location and convenience, both of which were great. What was even better was the kindness of the staff, especially concierge Rakesh, who moved things around to allow us very early check in so our seven month old could take a nap following the long flight. This made for a happy baby and a lovely 24 hours in London. Great hotel, great staff and we'd stay there again.",Date of stay: September 2013,5.0
3280,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3285-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Two stays, a week apart","We stayed at the London Hilton Paddington three nights before and three nights after a cruise out of Southampton, we had a different room during each stay.  This is a review of our experience with both stays.  I have to echo what everybody else says: you cannot beat the location.  We took the Heathrow Connect Train from the airport to Paddington and back at a cost significantly less than the Heathrow Express, it took almost 30 minutes each way, which is double the time of the Express, but we weren’t in that big of a hurry. We also used the tube located at Paddington many times, so convenient and easy. Paddington Station has a grocery store, drug store, card shop, several places to eat, and the surrounding area is full of restaurants.    We are Hilton Honor Diamond members, this…",Date of stay: September 2013,4.0
3281,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3285-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Big rooms and great., Very Great location. U can find a central tube lines near hotel. Rooms are big and nice. Its old but its very big and nice. Good staff. Very good breakfast.  I'm happy there. I recommend this hotel. Near for hyde park. ,Date of stay: August 2013,4.0
3282,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3285-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Easy Access,This hotel is so easy to get to from Heathrow..there is a direct train and the station is connected to the back of the hotel.  Staff was quite friendly and very helpful.  Within walking distance to some great places to eat and the entrance to the tube is right next door!  We were able to walk to Kensington Gardens and Kensington palace easily.  Only drawback was the high price of having them do laundry.  Only after we had them do ours did they inform us of a laundry right across the street!,Date of stay: September 2013,4.0
3283,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3285-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great location - interesting theme,"This is essentially a business hotel during the week, and I can't help feeling tourists might feel a little out it, surrounded by people with laptops. The location is of course perfect, right outside Paddington station.  The decor is 1930s and the brown tones and low cielings could be seen as faintly depressing, but are also dramatic.  Matched burr walnut everywhere is certainly gorgeous, Everything is immaculately smart, and the rooms are well organised with lovely beds and duvets.  A colleague threw a couple of half-used complementary toiletries into his bathroom bin and found next morning that they had been retrived and put back by his washbasin, which puzzled him (hence 4 star rating not 5).  But I think this was a one-off. Breakfast was fine - no tomato juice but some…",Date of stay: September 2013,4.0
3284,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3285-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great place to stay,"The Hilton Paddington is walking distance from Hyde park. Great access to both the train station and the tube. The train station is actually attached and you can take the rail directly from London Heathrow to the hotel. Rooms are fair size, but service is great and lots of places to eat in walking distance.",Date of stay: August 2013,4.0
3285,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3290-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,great location,"We (me and my 2 small boys) stayed at the hilton in July 2013.  The location is great, right next to Paddington station. we were able to grab Paddington express and get to Heathrow airport in 15 minutes for only 20 pounds! and kids are free.  the hotel is next to the station as well as blocks away from Hyde park which is a big hit with my boys.  the rooms are clean, we had a regular room with 2 queen beds. the room was on a smaller side but it was clean and the service was very good. I checked in at midnight with 2 very tired boys, they checked me in right away and brought up a rollaway within minutes of my requests.  the room service was on a limited menu at midnight but the chef made a burger for my son, I was very grateful for their help. In summary, its a great location, the…",Date of stay: July 2013,3.0
3286,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3290-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Location, Location, Location","*First: It is a short non-stop shot from Heathrow to Paddington Underground Station ""Heathrow Express"" and a five minute walk to the hotel.  We loved that. *Second: It is a 10 minute or so walk to Kensington Gardens, a beautiful and restful spot in bustling London.  *Third: It is just three blocks from the well-reviewed and tasty Mickey's Fish and Chips.  Really good stuff. *Fourth but by no means last: It is two blocks from Conduit Mews, a delightfully unique little street which had horse stables for the rich and are now colorful and interesting houses, all in a row. **Yes, the hotel is great and the folks in the hotel are wonderful!  Breakfast is a feast of too much to mention and all of it that we tried was great.",Date of stay: August 2013,5.0
3287,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3290-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Great Location, warm welcome.","Ideally placed for Hyde Park, we stayed for one night so location was the key. Walking distance from our event, a warm welcome from our reception staff. A great start.   Our room was compact, clean and comfortable. Bathroom quite big with bath and shower over, starting to look a little tired with the odd cracked tile and Sink. Bed was very comfortable and no noise from the busy streets below thanks to triple glazing.   Breakfast, full English, continental or whatever really it's all there. Good quality and plenty of it.   Great transport links, tube and overground station right next door.   Will return again if the price is right. ",Date of stay: September 2013,5.0
3288,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3290-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Busy Hotel with excellent accessibility to Heathrow Airport,Stayed at the Hilton Paddington on business for 2 nights. Main criteria for staying at this hotel is its accessibility to Heathrow Airport due to the Heathrow Express Train which operates from the Paddington Station which is a 3 minute walk to the hotel. Very busy hotel due to its station location.,Date of stay: August 2013,4.0
3289,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3290-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great location,"My preferred business hotel in London. It's not fancy, but more than adequate for business travel. Good sized rooms, nice bathroom, good service....and outstanding location. It's a transport hub for central London and only minutes away from Heathrow on the express.",Date of stay: April 2013,3.0
3290,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3295-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Ms,"Good location , close to Hyder Park and subway station is nest door and Train station is within walking distance . But some rooms might be very noisy at night ( facing front street , I am not sure about other side  but facing main street side could be very noisy )",Date of stay: September 2013,4.0
3291,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3295-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Lovely hotel in the heart of London,"I stayed here for two nights on a business trip. Although it is located in Paddington Rail Station, the noise of the station is absolutely isolated from the hotel. Hotel was clean with nice staff although a little bit crowded (could do with more space in the ground lobby). Room was very good with a good toilet too. Breakfast was very good and staff were so helpful. We got the two nights for a very good price considering we were staying at a Hilton. The Paddington Station is certainly a plus as you can get from there to anywhere in London through the Metro in 10-15 minutes. And the same can be said about getting to the airport.  Highly recommended hotel and certainly better than staying in any Airport Hotels (which all tried to rip us off as we only needed to stay for a night or…",Date of stay: October 2012,5.0
3292,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3295-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"amazing location but not an amazing stay, for the price","I'm a regular visitor to London and thought I'd try a new hotel.  I had 2 nights at this Hilton and found it in a few ways inferior to other Hiltons I've stayed in.  The location is brilliant, a few steps from Paddington tube/train and buses that go everywhere.  The traffic noise was not at all noticable within the building.  The Aussie girl at check- in was great and one of the concierges very helpful and cheeky.  The foyer is always very busy; a pleasantly buzzy vibe.  The room was of small to average size, as was the bathroom.  The fittings/look/bathroom are a bit old fashioned but it is a very old building in central London and you sort of expect that.    On the negative side ... The air conditioning was a problem - the vents go straight onto the bed and the temperature was…",Date of stay: July 2013,3.0
3293,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3295-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Average Experience (not Hilton),"I had to stay one night in this hotel due to its location near to Paddington Station. The staff is average (not nice nor bad) and the hotel facilities are moderate. I liked the breakfast buffet, the food and the beverages were very good, whoever the staff were not friendly like all..",Date of stay: May 2013,3.0
3294,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3295-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,good location,"We spent 10 days in this hotel. The location and the service is very good. Good location with direct access to tube and trains. It was very convenient to go to any other place in London. Although there is no free wifi service at the moment,  I would like to choose this hotel again in my next visit to London.",Date of stay: August 2013,4.0
3295,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3300-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Exceelent,Stayed with 10 yr old Grandson - everything was over expectations. Good location with direct access to trains and tube. Breakfast had everything you could request. Personel were very helpful - only negative was the high cost if wifi was required in the room,Date of stay: April 2013,5.0
3296,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3300-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Hilton,I stayed in two times at the Hilton Paddington. Room was far away from lift . Room was nice but windows opening in dark construction site . All night you can hear people ramming hammer and equipment running . Yes - Its true - There must be a sign on Phone - DO NOT TOUCH THE Phone - I just called India for 1 Min and the bill was 20 Pounds . Better you call from your cellphone . In bar they  don't have Double Black Label - This is not up to Hilton Standard.All all experience is good but cant match the other Hilton Hotels .,Date of stay: October 2012,4.0
3297,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3300-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Fantastic location,"Welcome very good, the room wasn't quite ready so given complimentary access to the executive lounge, whilst it was made ready with our extra bed. Location fantastic as we visited London via Paddington. Also we left our luggage there following day which was very useful.",Date of stay: August 2013,4.0
3298,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3300-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Just a shame about the ""herding"" attitude they have towards coach party bookings","We've stayed at this hotel on 3 occasions, lovely hotel.  Previously we've been able to collect our key card on arrival but not this time, no-one in our coach party was permitted to collect their key card before ALL the rooms were ready.  We'd booked timed tickets assuming we could collect our key card on arrival, as previously, but had to wait for over 90 minutes before we could enter our room to have a shower.  First we were ""herded"" along a ground floor corridor for a room to leave our cases in then we were ""herded"" back and up a staircase to a room on  the first floor.  We're staying at the same hotel on New Year's Eve so we hope they revert back to handing out key cards as guests arrive rather than making a whole of a coach party wait until every room is ready.",Date of stay: June 2013,4.0
3299,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3300-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Lovely Stay!,"Stayed here a few months ago with my family and have only just gotten round to writing this review. Hotel was wonderful and the location was great as it is accessible through Paddington train station which our train to London arrived at. The reception area was very grand and the art deco style artwork that went up the staircase was beautiful. All staff were very friendly upon arrival, offering to take our bags up to the room and being very welcoming etc.. The rooms were very nice and spacious and most importantly clean. Our booking included breakfast and dinner as we only planned to stay here one night. The breakfast good but nothing too special. At dinner there were only a few other people in the restaurant so we pretty much had a one on one service. The food was very nice. I…",Date of stay: February 2013,4.0
3300,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3305-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Good location if taking the train, okay building, poor service","The main selling point to this hotel is the location, atop Paddington Station. This is particularly helpful for easy access to the trains to the western suburbs and towns, where my work was.  Also awesome for the Heathrow Express train- which is just steps from the lobby.   The building itself is okay but a bit old.   And the service was really nothing great at all. In fact, it would ring literally 50 times when calling the front desk before someone picked up.  And then one time- the person said"" Oh, sorry I just picked up a ringing phone in the lobby. I'm just a guest here. Pls call back""  So, the service I would say was pretty horrendous.",Date of stay: July 2013,2.0
3301,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3305-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Handy Location for Exploring London,"This hotel is ideal if you are travelling to London by train and arriving at Paddington, not so good if you happen to arrive by car, must have the smallest drop off point of any hotel in the world.  Having said that no real complaints about the hotel, staff or service.  Bedrooms are a very generous size with a well stock mini bar.  My only real gripe was I thought it to be rather expensive for what was offered, having said that will probably stay there again as the facilities on offer locally make its location the number one selling point.",Date of stay: August 2013,3.0
3302,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3305-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,10 days stay,Rooms are quite big and comfortable. Executive lounge serves food and beverages all the day long which is v good. The hotel is attached to the paddington station which i consider a big adavantage. I like the hotel and i will stay here again. ,Date of stay: August 2013,4.0
3303,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3305-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Nice stay and a convenient location,"Great location and easy to get to from LHR using the Heathrow Express, which runs every 15 minutes for a fee of 20 pounts (about $30), not cheap, but cheaper than a taxi.  The hotel is attached to the train station.  The hotel itself is very nice and as a Hilton Gold, I was given a full breakfast in the lounge, which is also nice.  Customer service was also good as my requests were dealt with proficiently.  Easy to get around London, as 4 Underground lines also come into Paddington.  Will stay here again when I return to London.",Date of stay: July 2013,4.0
3304,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3305-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Very convenient location,"Hotel is right at Paddington station, a central hub of London.  You literally walk out of the lobby and into the station to catch your train to and from the airport.  The hotel itself is reasonable with reasonable rooms.  The rate is also reasonable too, for being so centrally located.",Date of stay: August 2013,4.0
3305,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3310-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Paddington Hilton 1 night,All around good convenient hotel right in Paddington Station. Stay here for business or if you are going to use Paddington as a base. Rooms very nice and good breakfast. Fast check in.Hilton have a further site up the road but this one is better. Beds comfortable,Date of stay: August 2013,4.0
3306,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3310-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,a weekend in london,a wonderful hotel service is excellent there staff are very helpful nothing is too much trouble good standards breakfast is excellent the best in town the only drawback is it is expensive so you have got to book at the right time otherwise excellent hotel,Date of stay: August 2013,5.0
3307,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3310-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Good choice for tourists,"Public areas here are not very exciting but a very good location for business or tourists (a lot of tourists stay in this area) and for bus and tube, with direct access to Paddington mainline station and the Heathrow Airport Express (it is the old station hotel - Great Western Royal). So no dragging luggage around London if you arrive from Heathrow. The only downside was that one of the senior front desk staff started checking me in then she handed over to someone else without a word (Excuse me, or Would you mind if I handed you over to one of my staff?  would have sufficed). This was just plain rude. However the  staff member who did check me in was very nice. Well-furnished clean and stylish rooms. Comfortable beds. Quiet double-glazed rooms with good air-con. Effective wifi…",Date of stay: August 2013,4.0
3308,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3310-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,visit london,"Check-in was very quick and our room was ready for use at 13.30pm on arrival from Bristol by train. Room was well equiped, serviced each day and with clean towels daily in bathroom for our three night stay. Breakfast was very good and the Executive Lounge was a added bonus to our visit. Location for the underground into London was good and area around the hotel had many resturants to select from. Also the pick-up point for the bus tour of London was only 2 mins. from hotel entrance.",Date of stay: August 2013,5.0
3309,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3310-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Multiple Business Stop-Overs,"I stayed here a lot when I was commuting between work in London and Devon or to get to Heathrow. It's bog-standard if you're after a good sleep, tea & coffee making facilities, a TV and a bathroom. I practically lived here for 3 months on and off as the location is so fantastic for transport and Hilton automatically made me a member due to my frequent stays. I have stayed on almost every floor, in many different rooms. All of which were fine, clean, perfect apart from power sockets being on the far end of the room when you need your phone charging next to your head at night (for those like me who use their phones for alarms). However, it can be a handy way of getting yourself out of bed to crawl across the other side of the room to switch it off. If you want to use the internet…",Date of stay: February 2013,3.0
3310,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3315-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,WOW!!!!!,Just back from an other trip to my favourite hotel in London.This hotel is fabulous from the check in staff to every member of staff you meet.We stayed in room 601 which has a roof terrace.This room is super and if you have the chance try and book it.Anyone looking for a hotel in London should try this one and see if I am right.Cannot wait to go back.,Date of stay: August 2013,5.0
3311,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3315-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Would stay here again.,"Recently stayed here for 12 nights in July in a terrace suite. Room was very clean with a large bathroom with separate bath and shower with plenty of thick towels and a nice bathrobe. Room itself was quite small with an unusual TV on a pole at the end of the bed that rotates. Very comfortable bed. Lovely large terrace with views of the city. Housekeeping was good but very late each day .Complimentary bottled water was appreciated. Long long walk from lifts to room, but there is an ice machine near the lifts. Breakfast was very good with plenty of hot and cold choices and very fresh. Location at Paddington is amazing with 4 tube lines at the doorstep and Lancastergate a short walk away.  My only real complaint is the extra fee for wi Fi, otherwise a fantastic home away from home.",Date of stay: July 2013,4.0
3312,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3315-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,For exhausted Heathrow travelers only,"This is an older hotel with mattresses that seem like ""original equipment"" We used the Heathrow Express and needed directions from a polite railroad employee to find the entrance. (We needed to enter the glass enclosed area at the extreme front of the station and then take an elevator to a raised walkway that takes you in to the hotel.) A Starbucks is at this entrance.  The mattress was lumpy, the TV channels were limited and they wanted about $30 a night for wifi. Its redeeming quality was its location at the station. I recommend you consider taking a taxi to some other hotel.",Date of stay: August 2013,2.0
3313,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3315-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Convenient Hotel via Heathrow but you can do better!,"My husband and I stayed at the Paddingtin Hilton,London,England in Aug. 2013 after flying in from the states and found that it was convenient to get to via the train from Heathrow airport and is a 15 minute trip. Our room was small, had no view to speak of from the window, the bed was not comfortable and looked like it needed updating. The entrance to this hotel is from Paddington Station which was extremely busy and hectic. We were exhausted from our plane ride and were happy not to have to travel too far for our first night. I would not recommend this hotel unless you are a business traveler or like hustle and bustle.",Date of stay: August 2013,2.0
3314,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3315-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Many good things and some bad, and the room is too hot!","I stayed here for 1 night in july 2013. Check in went smooth, and she was welcoming me for breakfast in the morning. But when I got there next morning I was asked if my room was including breakfast and he had to check! So I waited for some minutes before I could eat. Unprofessional!   My room was nice designed and clean (but I found some dusty places). The room has no aircon!! And when its summer it gets tooooo hot!! Thank god it was colder at night so I opened 2 windows and then I was able to sleep in the room. Good bed. Internet not included in the high roomrate. Internet costs £15 for 24 h! 1 small bottle of coke was £4,5!! Crazy prices! Very expensive roomrate too.   I ordered roomservice and I am not impressed with the food. Lasagne tasted facorymade and with very little…",Date of stay: July 2013,3.0
3315,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3320-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,so very convenient,"The Hilton Paddington is located above Paddington station. If arriving by plane at Heathrow it is a simple matter of taking the Heathrow express to Paddington, then just take the lift,stairs or escalator to the first floor of the station and you're there. The hotel is clean, my room was spacious by London standards and very comfortable. The bed was firm but still comfortable. The bathroom had a shower over the bath and lovely soft towels and lots of hot water. I only stayed one night on route from Wales to Australia so didn't check out the restaurants or other facilities, but it's the convenient location I love. Just pop downstairs to the station and there's lots of shops for snacks and all around there are lots of pubs and restaurants. Best of all however is the tube station…",Date of stay: August 2013,4.0
3316,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3320-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,A Good Night's Sleep,"I stayed a the Hilton Paddington for 3 days as a solo business traveller the week of Aug 12. Overall, with a few minor comments, the stay was quite good. The good things: - A very quiet and comfortable night's sleep. Amazing given the hotel is sitting atop a train station. The only noises that woke me up in the morning were doors slamming in the hallway... but I suppose you can never get away from that unless you have the only room on the floor. My room was facing the train station. Not much of a view during daylight hours, but at night, with all the lights inside the station, and the sillouettes of people hurrying along the platforms, watching this from the tranquility of your room, was somehow quite romantic. - Very comfy mattress, not too soft. Very important if you've got a…",Date of stay: August 2013,4.0
3317,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3320-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great location for quick access to airport,We stayed here on two occasions both for 2 nights at the start and end of our trip as we had an early arrival and very early departure. The Heathrow Express train is so convenient I would recommend this hotel to anyone with an early departure. The hotel itself was of a very high standard. We booked an Executive Room which gave us access to the Executive Lounge serving refreshments all day which was very handy when you've been walking all day and just want to sit down for a quick snack and drink before heading out on the town again. The room was huge and the bed was so comfy. Would definitely stay here again if we were travelling to Heathrow.,Date of stay: August 2013,4.0
3318,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3320-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Average stay,"I stayed at the Hilton for 2 nights on the way back out from a business trip in the Surrey area.  I booked the room using my hhonors points and requested early check-in as well as a space available upgrade being a Diamond member.  First, the good points:  The location is excellent.  Connected to Paddington station and the tube directly opposite. Walking distance to Edgeware road Housekeeping was good with rooms promptly cleaned The rooms were somewhat small but that is normal for London.  However, I was assigned a newer room so it balanced out. Reasonable executive lounge however alcohol is only served between 6 and 830  What didn't go so well:  1) They never responded to my request for early check in, I assumed it wouldnt be an issue. However when I got there, the room wasn't…",Date of stay: August 2013,3.0
3319,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3320-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Reasonable room fee through Hilton website,"As many people say, accessibility of this hotel is perfect for oversea travellers using LHR.House keepers are doing excellent job and this old hotel is well maintained. You may have pleasant stay in terms of room. There are many ways to book a hotel and web booking is very common thease days.You may find attractive room fee through such hotel booking websites.However, Hilton Paddington offers special price for pre-paid room booking (i.e. not refundable).  If your itinerary is robust, I do recommend to book your room through Hilton website rather than through other commercial booking sites.  Due to high occupancy, you may need to wait for a short time to check in around 15:00, but no worries, it won’t be long to have your room. My advice is to talk to a sensible-looking front…",Date of stay: August 2013,4.0
3320,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3325-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Nice big rooms,The standard room is quite nice and large. The beds are very comfortable and complimentary filter coffee is a nice touch. The only criticism I can offer is that the TV is really bad. Its analog and super grainy.    This hotel is perfect for those who need to get to Heathrow quickly but want to remain in Central London,Date of stay: July 2013,4.0
3321,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3325-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Weekend in the Smoke,"Just returned from an excellent weekend break in London and stayed at the Hilton Paddington.  The trip was an inclusive one run by Grey Cars of Devon, and their choice of hotel was really good.  The rooms were spotlessly clean with not only sachets of coffee but a percolator as well with real coffee.  Requested extra mik from reception and it arrived by the time we reached our room.  The general decor is very 1920's, in style not age, and you expected any minute to see Hercule Poirot walk through the door.  The staff were very attentive without being ""in your face"" and always showed you to a table for breakfast whereas other places I have stayed have just pointed you in the general direction to fend for yourself.  We didn't eat in the hotel other than breakfast but fellow…",Date of stay: August 2013,4.0
3322,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3325-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Pleasant Enhanced Stay!,"Booked a three night award, and a follow-on one night certificate (via the Citi Hhonors Reserve card).  Having read glowing reviews of the top floor terrace rooms, I opted to “Enhance Your Stay Upgrade” by paying a supplement.  We arrived quite late from LHR (via the Heathrow Express), registered in the Executive Lounge Reception and were assigned room 651 (I think).  It was a postage stamp queen bedded room (no more than 120 sq. ft.), a generous bath and a very nice terrace with lounge, table and two wicker chairs.  It had a rotating mirror/TV at the foot of the bed (and in the way of all movement in the room), a desk/chair and a bureau holding the mini-bar and coffee/tea equipment and supplies.  Not one drawer for clothes or other items!  We complained at the Executive Lounge…",Date of stay: August 2013,5.0
3323,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3325-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Convenient Location in West of London,For those arriving at Heathrow Airport off a long flight this hotel is right by the exit at Paddington Station.  This helps alot when taking the Heathrow Express rail link from the airport.  No need for Taxi.  Also easy access to the tube for Circle and District Lines and Bakerloo.  Hotel is comfortable and our room was very big by London standards. Lots of food places nearby also for people wanting to eat out.,Date of stay: November 2012,4.0
3324,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3325-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Superb location and no-matched executive lounge,"First we thought booking an executive room was  a bit on the expensive side, it turned out to be a good value of money. Not only that we like the location of the hotel that situated almost within the Paddington station with its own elevator and stairs, this spared us all the hassle traveling with luggage and children especially after a long and tiring flight.  We arrived early and received a warm and professional welcome with a complimentary breakfast from the executive lounge which later found out that the lounge also served a changing variety kind of food and drinks throughout the day. Children loved it and so did we.   ",Date of stay: July 2013,5.0
3325,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3330-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,stay at Hilton,It was not as expected by way of Hilton standards as I have known in the past. Location was perfect. I would not be rushing to stay in the branch again. The family room provision was not up to my expectation.,Date of stay: August 2013,3.0
3326,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3330-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Excellent access to Heathrow & executive lounge made for a great stay.,"Booking online got us a 40% discount on an executive room. I booked the hotel for the easy access to Heathrow as did want any hassle after a long flight from Japan. On arrival staff were very helpful & we had a very smooth check in. The room itself was clean but nothing special, the stand alone shower seemed to be the main difference from a regular room. In the morning the executive lounge was a wonderful way to start the day. Large choice of hot & cold & variety of drinks with a view across a bustling Paddington train station. As access is by your room card key we could come & go as we pleased. In room internet is a rip off & the lovely lady we dealt with at check in looked most apologetic when telling us the price! Free wifi is available in the usually crowded lobby. Overall I…",Date of stay: August 2013,4.0
3327,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3330-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,comfortable and quirky room,"have stayed a number of times at this Hilton, and where we have always been pleased with the warm welcome. Rooms vary in size but all we have stayed in have been clean & comfortable. Hotel is right on Paddington main line station and with good tube connections. On this occasion we were fortunate enough to receive an upgrade to a tower room, literally in one of the two towers forming part of the original façade of the hotel. Arranged over three floors connected by spiral staircases, with entrance lobby then spacious bedroom & ensuite and finally work/relax area, with upper two floors retaining some of the original construction features. Finally there was a spacious private sundeck area. The executive lounge at this hotel is an added bonus and certainly influences our decision to…",Date of stay: August 2013,4.0
3328,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3330-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great location!,"Stayed 3 days for conference. Great accessibility from LHR via Heathrow Express - took us 30 minutes from airport to hotel bed after late evening flight. Good breakfast, although vegetables offerings not impressive. Fantastic connection via Paddington Station to tube and inter city trains.",Date of stay: August 2013,4.0
3329,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3330-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Ok hotel in a great location,"The Hilton Paddington is very conveniently located right at Paddington station, with a 15-minute, direct connection to Heathrow.  It's an added convenience to have tube access, a Starbucks, and multiple restaurants and stores all attached to the hotel.  Despite the convenience, I thought the overall experience at the hotel was just ok.  The room was small, even by European standards (e.g. it was difficult to even walk around the bed with the other furniture).  The bathroom was a decent size (though I'm not a fan of the cheapy shower curtains).  I had a good night's rest, as the room was quiet and the bedding was comfortable.  The hotel as a whole could use an interior refresh.  The carpet and walls in the hallways are very tired.  A nice amenity of the hotel is the small gym. …",Date of stay: August 2013,3.0
3330,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3335-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Normal chain hotel,"We booked this hotel off bookings and it was very cheap, otherwise we wouldn't have stayed here. Everything thing was good, what you can expect from any chain hotel. Furnishings were a little tired and bathroom dated, but those are only superficial things. Breakfast was good, lots of options and something for everyone. Would stay here again.....for the right price",Date of stay: August 2013,4.0
3331,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3335-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Rude, rude and completely unhelpful !","We intended to stay for 1 night while we went to a party which was being held at the hotel. Everything booked and packed we made our way excited about the forthcoming evening.  We pulled up outside the entrance and were about to get out of the car when, we were ushered off the front !!  'You can't park here !!!', shouted one of the doormen. Rather stunned at this I replied ' We have a booking and need to off load', 'Well you can't park hear !' was he short & blunt response. I explained again we were off loading and needed some assistance and asked were the parking was.  He gave me the shortest directions ever, considering I was not the familiar with the area and lots of roads had been closed.  I followed his instruction but was taken to an unsecure parking lot under the railway…",Date of stay: July 2013,1.0
3332,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3335-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great hotel in excellent location,This is a great hotel with easy access on the Heathrow express. The staff are extremely friendly and more than helpful. We loved our stay there and would definitely stay there again. There is easy access to anywhere in London and it includes free wifi in the lobby area. Breakfast was included and there was plenty to choose from.,Date of stay: July 2013,5.0
3333,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3335-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Great location, good rooms, but a little old fashioned","This hotel is in a great location and access via Paddington station is very convenient.    We were allocated a large room, which was clean and well appointed.    We arrived at the hotel quite late after attending a concert at the 02, so didn't spend a great deal of time in the room but the bed was very comfortable and we had no complaints.    Free Wi-Fi is available for HHonours members.",Date of stay: August 2013,4.0
3334,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3335-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Easy Access,"This art deco-y Hilton is IN Paddington Station. pretty cool. i was flying from Berlin to Heathrow and needed a hotel for one night before my trip back to the U.S. I was by myself and the Heathrow Express took me straight to the hotel in Paddington and in the morning i took it straight back to the airport. couldn't have been easier. the hotel was all old-timey and there was a Starbucks connected to the hotel and an M&S Simply Food downstairs in the station for snacks and water. The hotel restaurant looked like a good menu but with the trains just steps from your door, I couldn't resist taking myself out to dinner and drinks in Covent Garden :) In the morning I stashed my bags in the lobby and lounged in Starbucks for an hour before I hopped the Heathrow Express for the quick 15…",Date of stay: July 2013,4.0
3335,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3340-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Good value and convenient in central London,"I got a decent prepaid rate on an executive room for two nights in London.  I arrived on one of the hottest days of the year in London after a drenching hour long ride on the train from Cambridge and a hot taxi ride to Paddington.  I checked in late afternoon and my room was ready and waiting and marvelously air conditioned.  The hallways in this hotel are not airconditioned and rather stuffy (even with a faint mildew smell) so I was worried on the trip up to my room as to what would await me. Fortunately the worries were for naught because my room was blissfully cool, not stuffy at all and elegantly furnished. It had a double (not king) bed, high ceilings, fancy draperies and furniture with inlaid wood.  I had a  separate ""office"" area with a desk but not much else.  It would…",Date of stay: August 2013,4.0
3336,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3340-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Location, location ,location ( and great staff)",This hotel is adjacent to Paddington Rail station which is where the Heathrow Express comes into the city. It is the best location if you are flying in or to the US.  The staff is wonderful and very helpful. The person at reception noticed I was using a cane and asked if I would like a walk in shower which was a blessing. Breakfast was included in my rate and it was very filling. Loved the omelette.,Date of stay: July 2013,5.0
3337,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3340-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Weekend Stay,Conveniently located hotel for transportation to London Heathrow Airport and easy access for shopping in Oxford Street and visiting West End Theatres and Restaurants.  Staff were very courteous throughout our stay.,Date of stay: July 2013,4.0
3338,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3340-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,good location,"The hotel is nice and service is very good.Confortable bed but if you have three people it just add the single bed in the room these bed is not comfortable and help my bed. The room is clear and lovely is suitable for couples have a holiday. naar the station said more time if you want to take train to other city to have a trip.Compare with other hotel, this one is higher but  worth it.",Date of stay: July 2013,4.0
3339,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3340-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Location, Location, Location!","If you're looking for a home base that will offer you comfort with a dash of luxury and an easy way to get around London, you can't do better than the Hilton Paddington!  I arrived via train from Wales and easily found the hotel which is adjacent to Paddington Station. It's up one level but there is an escalator and a lift which helps if you have heavy baggage. Just walk across the footbridge and go through the glass doors and you find yourself in the Hilton's lobby.  Checkin was welcoming and friendly, always a plus to me when I have been travelling a lot. My room was on the 5th floor toward the back with a view over the station (which is fine with me as I rather like the Victorian architecture of Paddington). A bonus was the quiet - I imagine a room at the front would be…",Date of stay: July 2013,4.0
3340,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3345-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Convenient Location,"We had two days in London and decided for this hotel because its location- just out of Paddington train Station. A block away from the Hop On/off bus stop...close to  Hyde Park...supermarket, pharmacy, stores galore at Paddington...  My only complain is that we schedule a doble room -2 adults +2children... And we got a King size bed and a they bring a single bed... Not big enough for my two girls to sleep on it... I will recommend a double sofa bed... We ended up sharing the bed with my youngest daughter...  One extra plus was that our room was ready at 7 am for us to rest, after a trip of 26 hours from New Zealand!!!",Date of stay: July 2013,4.0
3341,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3345-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Excellent experience,"Very confortable hotel, excellent location.  The personnel in general were very courteous and helpful. The atmosphere in general was very positive.  I highly recommend staying in this hotel.  Having Paddington Station in the connected to the Hotel, was very convenient.",Date of stay: July 2013,5.0
3342,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3345-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great hotel and location,What a hotel.  Easy 15 minute ride from LHR and three minute walk from train to lobby for check in.  Room huge but windows small which did not allow for views of the city but oh well.  Bathroom and gym are fantastic.  Quiet room although you are sitting on top of large city and train station.  Tube is short walk which takes you everywhere.  At least 50 different types of foods within two blocks.  Within three mile radius (walking or tube) is amazing things to see.  Did 5 mile loops from hotel which allowed me to tour and figure out where to go for longer periods.  Short walk to hyde park.  Diamond member so ate in club.  Simple yet tasty breakfast and loved watching the hustle and bustle of Paddington station from the club.  Would rate higher if I could,Date of stay: July 2013,5.0
3343,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3345-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Excellent service,"We stayed here on a weekend break it was right opposite paddington underground station circle line which was great for visiting most every London attraction, our only drawback was the fact that from our room 234 our outlook was a building site although not noisy maybe as it was weekend , plus painters/decorators in parts of the corridors. We did initially find the hotel rooms a little difficult to locate but soon found it easy after two attempts, breakfast was served from 6.30 and was varied to everyone's tastes although after 8 to 8.30 you may have to que don't expect to find much fresh fruit as it seems the Asian ( Japanese / Chinese seem to carry their bags in and blatantly fill with it all so be quick if you want any before it is secreted away :-( but all in all I think this…",Date of stay: July 2013,4.0
3344,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3345-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Avoid if you are disabled or require close parking,"This hotel isn't disabled friendly and will not let you know prior to or after you have booked, even if you mention it on the booking form.  The car park is 10 minutes walk away and unsecure, and they dont offer a valet service. Upgraded rooms may not be wheelchair friendly either.",Date of stay: July 2013,2.0
3345,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3350-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Handy and nice,"I stayed here whilst working in London, following a recommendation from a colleague.  It proved really convenient as I could leave my bag whilst I travelled to my meetings, and pick it back up as I went to catch the train.  I didn't eat in the hotel so can't comment.  The room was really nice and had everything you would expect, along with a mini bar with the usual extortionate prices!",Date of stay: July 2013,5.0
3346,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3350-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great location for city break,"Reception staff and concierge were very welcoming and helpful on arrival at the Hilton Paddington.  We got off the train and were in our room within 15 mins of arriving in London. The room was clean and comfortable, and quiet. Great location for access to tube - Oyster card a must! Drinks in Hotel a little expensive, but having an M&S just outside the hotel entrance was really handy. Will definitely use the hotel again.",Date of stay: July 2013,4.0
3347,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3350-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,overpriced but convenient,"had always wanted to try this hotel during my trips to London, especially with the convenience to Heathrow via Paddington station. It is convenient to the hotel, and has all the little stores around it, but that is about all. It is overpriced, especially for what you get (I've stayed at the Savoy, Langham, and a few others). $369 USD for one night in an average room. As the other reviews mention, no WiFi in the room without an extra 20 GBP (WiFi in the lobby is free, but cuts in and out). Water in shower went from lukewarm to scalding twice. Wanted to checkout late but was told it would be 20 GBP to check out at 2 p.m., so checked out at 1 p.m. without extra charge.  Good breakfast, which was complimentary (I would hope so, at these prices).  Paying for the convenience, that is…",Date of stay: July 2013,3.0
3348,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3350-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Could be better,Decent hotel but very pricey for what you get and the TV didn't work in the room. This wasn't reported because it was late and didn't want to potentially move rooms. Location is good which reflects the price but again I stress value for money especially as I was disappointed with the quality of the room and the furnishings.,Date of stay: July 2013,3.0
3349,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3350-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Good Hotel Centrally Located and Access to Tube,The London Hilton Paddington Hotel has a great location with access to the Tube and Heathrow Express. It is connected to a mall and national rail service. The hotel is of good quality although I wish they had free internet service in the room. One can access free internet in the lobby.,Date of stay: July 2013,4.0
3350,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3355-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great service and great location,"If you are flying in and out of Heathrow, you can't find a more convenient hotel in London than the Hilton London Paddington. The Heathrow Express brings you right to Paddington station where you can also find food and drink before going up the escalator to the hotel entrance. We took a train to Bath from the same station, and one really could travel nearly anywhere from there. You can also purchase a souvenir Paddington Bear at the station, although we bought our bear through the hotel, because they give a portion of the proceeds to charity. The hotel service is excellent and the restaurant is wonderful. There is a large choice of eateries within a very short walk as well. We wished that the hotel offered free wi-fi in the rooms, but apparently Hilton doesn't do that anywhere.…",Date of stay: July 2013,5.0
3351,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3355-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Good location, lacked customer service","We stayed here for 3 nights in July 2013 for vacation before heading to south England. It is a perfect location for first time England travelers as it is located very, very close to Paddington station. Also has a Starbucks adjacent to it which American travelers will like since English coffee is not really the same as American based on our experience. When we came to check in after flying for 9 hours and taking a train from Heathrow, it was about 12:00pm and we were told our room was not ready yet. We were staying in a room with 2 twin beds. We walked around the hotel, then due to being tired from the traveling, we went back about an hour later. Room still was not ready. We sat in lobby for another hour-I went up to young girl at the reception desk who called the housekeeping…",Date of stay: July 2013,3.0
3352,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3355-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great location! Excellent Hotel!,"This hotel was a great surprise! The location is excellent, by Paddington station. We checked in at 11 am, and were given a queen bed deluxe-spacious and clean.  When we arrived at the room, there was a fruit basket welcoming us. The executive  lounge was very nice, not crowded,  serving nice appy's and drinks. The staff were very helpful. I was even allowed to check out late! When back in London will stay here again!",Date of stay: July 2013,5.0
3353,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3355-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Best location for the station and hence Heathrow.,"I generally stay at Le Meridien if I need somewhere near the station, but changed to the Hilton on this occasion to avoid the walk with a broken bag.   The pubic spaces, while not grand, have some of the old station hotel style, and access straight from the concourse is a huge plus.  I had an upper floor room overlooking the station not the street and it was very quiet.   The rooms are average business hotel standard, breakfast fine, no service complaints, but nothing special either.   Choose it for the location if thats important to you.",Date of stay: June 2013,4.0
3354,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3355-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Excellent!,"Stayed here at least 5 times. This hotel is outstanding, from the service from the staff, to the facilities and the cleanliness and decor of the hotel it really is excellent.  Hotel is always busy, but I have never had any occurrences or problems with sound or noise??? So other reviews I cannot really understand. I've always requested rooms towards the back as the view is better, you get to look out over paddington station and it's beautiful at night.   Breakfast is excellent with staff replenishing fresh food instantly.   Excellent positioning in Paddington, with a tube opposite and within walking distance from Oxford street and Hyde park.  I have stayed here both on leisure and business and had only excellent experiences.",Date of stay: February 2013,5.0
3355,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3360-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Easy Transportation Access,"We spent three nights at the Hilton Paddington. A family of four.  We were Hilton Gold members and so we got free Internet and breakfast. We used our Hilton Honors points for one night and had a “Be Our Guest” certificate for another night. The hotel was nice to approve this for us. Advantages: 1. The hotel's location is excellent. It is close to many excellent restaurants and not far from Central London. The hotel is right in Paddington Station, so it is excellent for taking the Heathrow Express (which will take you directly to the airport within 15-17 minutes) and allows you to take advantage of Hyde Park (a close walking distance). The Hop-on and Hop- off bus tour (Big Bus Tour) bus stop is just around the street corner. The metro station is easy to use and a great way to get…",Date of stay: July 2013,5.0
3356,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3360-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Excellent location,"The best thing about this hotel is definetly the location. When you get outside Paddington station you can't miss it. The rooms are ok, the staff helpful and as for noise...ok, perhaps it was a bit loud at some point during one evening, but at 00.00 it was dead silent. The only downsight to this hotel is that it was really hard to get in touch with them through e-mail.",Date of stay: July 2013,3.0
3357,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3360-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Noisy,"Used this hotel en route to Heathrow, but not £200 well spent. The room was small and it was almost impossible to sleep. There was a lot of noise from other rooms and from inside and outside. At least we slept on the plane the next day ! Would not choose this option again.",Date of stay: July 2013,3.0
3358,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3360-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,OK and effective but nothing special,"I booked the room for the 3 of us well before out stay, approx 2 months. We found this hotel to be exactly as described in the Hilton official site and here at the TA site. We picked the DOUBLE DELUXE room for a couple and a teenager which was quite spacious and comfort for us. The room we provided with was located at the fifth floor isolating the street noise almost completely, though they still have some work carried out in front of the hotel entrance which makes loud noises on weekdays just after 0800 am. The location is good right above the Paddington station which provides good accessibility everywhere with a Starbucks just at the hotel exit in front of the train station. The breakfast was fairly good, however they did not prepare Omlets on Saturday/Sunday. All in all - met…",Date of stay: July 2013,4.0
3359,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3360-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great Location to Make Travel Easy,"The Hilton London Paddington is my go-to property when visiting London.   It is tough to beat as a London home base/travel hub. The Heathrow express puts you within 20 minutes of the airport, the Paddington trains can get your further afield to explore England, and the Paddington Tube station gives you access to the Circle, District, and Bakerloo lines making travel within London easy.  The hotel bar and restaurant are pretty good, but you also have many options within the train station and surrounding neighborhood. One of my favorites if I am too tired to venture out is the  Mad Bishop and Bear pub in the train station. It is just outside of the hotel train station entrance, and up one floor. I love their bangers/mash.  Another reason I love this location is that my trips tend…",Date of stay: June 2013,4.0
3360,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3365-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Truly excellent!,"I've been in this hotel many times over the last decade. It remains to me the best London hotel of all: busy, but never overlooking the needs of a guest. Made for the business traveler but attentive to the individual. I just stayed there a day or so ago and a manager there -her name was Poonam -went to so much trouble to get me the right room, came up to it with me herself, arranged everything perfectly. The next day I came down to check out and she was doing just the same with a young family! It's really worth joining the Hilton honors program. They keep a great website. And you can make requests for location etc. when booking your room. And in London, it should be here!",Date of stay: July 2013,5.0
3361,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3365-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Excellent location - if you're getting the Heathrow Express to the Airport.,"I prefer this friendly hotel for when I'm staying in the city and need access to Paddington station to get a flight the next day.  It's a lovely alternative to an airport hotel, with the Heathrow Express trains located just outside the hotel.  Of-course, you get to spend your day in London. The hotel itself is clean and modern.  The rooms are comfortable.  I found the staff and service friendly to be friendly and efficient.  There are taxi's outside the hotel, durn the road is a park.  Paddington station adjoins the hotel.  There are two underground stations -Paddington Underground Station.  Lancaster Gate Station is a very short walk away from the hotel.    ",Date of stay: June 2013,5.0
3362,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3365-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Very handy, good hotel","We stayed I night only.  Great location, mainline Paddington station accessed at the rear of the hotel.  Tube station opposite.  Loads of pubs bars and restaurants close by. Lovely room, very spacious, but had  view of the air conditioning system at the back. The room was really clean, no complaints.  Nice bathroom, but the bath was marked where there had been a bath mat I think, so didn't look very appealing, but it was a lovely big bath, great for a nice soak!!  Only problem was no shower gel or bubble bath, have never stayed in a hotel where its not supplied.  On the upside there were a few shops under the hotel on the station, boots M & S, sainsburys.  Able to stock up on a few goodies and drinks.  Staff were great, very helpful.  Got a good deal via expedia, would not have…",Date of stay: July 2013,4.0
3363,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3365-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Location, Location, Location","If it is location and convenience you need, this is the hotel.  If you are looking for quintessential Britain, this is not it.  It is a business hotel, large and sometimes impersonal.  The rooms were fine.  The breakfast was very good and varied; the personnel were pleasant and helpful.  We could walk through Hyde Park to Knightsbridge.  Starbucks is right outside the hotel and there was a very popular sushi bar below the hotel.  In very expensive London, this hotel was not a bargain; but neither was it outrageous.  We would stay here again.",Date of stay: June 2013,4.0
3364,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3365-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great location and delivers what it promises,"We stayed for one night having flown in Hong Kong. We had three rooms and went for the Paddington Hilton because of the convenience with the Heathrow Express.   It was all very convenient, the rooms clean and generally large sized. Breakfast was good, location great and there are lots of reasonably priced restaurants within a couple of hundred yards of the Hotel, if you don't want to eat in the hotel. There are also shops and take out places in Paddington Station.  We would be happy to stay again.",Date of stay: July 2013,4.0
3365,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3370-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Solid hotel in great location,"Having trawled the web for hours, days and weeks in search of a different, I the resting &/or nice affordable London hotel I gave up and went the 'safe' route with the Hilton Paddington!  Solid, albeit business, hotel in a great location.  We largely only used the hotel as a base during our 4 day stay and we had no hassles.",Date of stay: July 2013,4.0
3366,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3370-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,A lovely stay & so handy at the Station and The Heathrow Express,"I lovely Hotel with great service. Well situated  to the Station & we booked it primarily because of the easy access to the Heathrow Express as we were only in London for a very short time. The only down side was I objected that the Hotel charged for WiFi, I though in this day in age it should be free considering the price of the rooms.",Date of stay: June 2013,5.0
3367,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3370-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Only one advantage: the location!!!,"Hilton normally stands for quality and high standards. I don't know what happened with this hotel but it certainly shouldn't carry the Hilton brand. The building is old, I had to change twice before they found me a room with a TV that worked (I booked a 400 GBP+ suite, can you imagine). The suite they finally gave me was only reachable if you love labyrinths. Noisy lobby, food too expensive and poor quality.  Only one good point at my opinion: the location. You arrive at Paddington station from Heathrow and can walk straight to your room - in fact once you get a room where the TV is working :-)  One tip for the owners, refurbish the whole place and build a state of the art hotel. Till that happened I will book other hotels in the neighbourhood and take a cab. For the amount I…",Date of stay: May 2013,2.0
3368,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3370-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Terrible night at Hilton Paddington.,"Stayed with my wife at Hilton Paddington in London from June 15th, 2013 to June 17th 2013. The night of June 15th was a terrible night for being my first day on vacation in Europe. When we came back from dinner at 11:00 pm to the room the temperature inside the room was unberably hot, the reapairman said it was 34 Celcius. After several calls to the front desk finally the repairman showed up 40 minutes late. Then he took over an hour to make the repairs and another 1 and half hour for the room to get cold, in the meantime I call the front desk to ask to be transferred to another room but the front desk did not answer the phone but I could hear him talking to the repairman inside the room via his radio asking for the progress of the repair. The repairman was up on a ladder into…",Date of stay: June 2013,1.0
3369,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3370-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great stay (again),"We've stayed at the Hilton London Paddington twice, first for the Olympics and again on a pleasure trip in February. Obviously, we really like this place. It's so convenient, being the terminus of the Heathrow Express and with easy access to many Tube lines. The neighborhood is safe and interesting and well walkable to Hyde Park. We enjoy historic properties, and this once combines modern upgrades with an interesting atmosphere. The rooms are very Art Deco-ish and large. We had access to the Executive Lounge, where the snacks in the afternoon were so good  that we didn't need to go out for dinner. The only bad thing I can say is that many of the rooms don't have the greatest views. Our first room looked out over the train station, the second at another part of the building.…",Date of stay: February 2013,5.0
3370,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3375-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,nice room service food,"The location is great, you can get here even without exiting from Paddington station by going up the stairs at the sushi bar inside. Alternatively you walk outside up the ramp and you find the hotel on your right side. Check-in was quick and not special. I asked for a newspaper but that never came. The room was great and had most standard hotel items: coffee and tea facilities, minibar, hair dryer, standard Hilton toiletries which are fine. The room had a desk and a TV. The bathroom was fine and there was enough space both in the room and the bathroom to put one's things. Also there were enough plugs. The temperature could be adjusted in the room and the window could be opened.  I have always had only bad food at room service, but still went for it. The lady on the phone was…",Date of stay: July 2013,4.0
3371,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3375-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,It's a Hilton,"We picked this primarily because of the room configurations that we needed (7 people traveling).  It was very convenient (connected) to the Paddington station, which was the best feature.  The rooms were typical US Hilton (we expected).  Nothing special, but clean.  If we went back to London, we'd probably try to stay closer to Hyde Park.",Date of stay: June 2013,3.0
3372,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3375-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Our UltraTechTravel Honeymoon Package (Arrangements by Christina Moon): Hilton London Paddington Hotel,"My wife and I recently were married, and for our honeymoon asked Christina Moon from UltraTechTravel (http://www.UltraTechTravel.com) to set up a ten day stay in the United Kingdom.  We spent our first two nights in London at the Hilton Paddington Hotel, located close to several of our other tour venues that we were going to be using during our London stay.  The staff at the Paddington and the concierge desk were extremely helpful in getting us into our room after a long flight. The room was comfortable, had adequate space for our needs, and was clean and allowed us to catch well needed rest as we adjusted time zones.  Our room was well stocked with the amenities we required, and kept serviced both nights we stayed there.  The service and food at the hotel were excellent, and…",Date of stay: June 2013,5.0
3373,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3375-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Excellent Stay,"I was in London to hire a remote employee and they delivered a professional atmosphere. Great room, well kept. The food was good for London, which is saying something. They were very attentive. I will certainly stay there again.",Date of stay: June 2013,4.0
3374,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3375-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Excellent location,"The Hilton Paddington has an excellent location with easy access to the trainstation and also to the underground. The hotel itself is rather expensive. The room was of a good size and the bed was quite comfortable. Picture quality on the tv was poor. Breakfast was very good. Eggs cooked the way you liked them, different choices of bread/toast, even a gluten free choice (though quite small). Good variety of food compared to other hotels. Staff was friendly and efficient.   All in all I was quite satisfied with my stay apart from one thing: If you want to use internet in the hotel the charge is £15 for 24 hours! That is way too expensive. In my opinion internet should be complimentary and free of charge for hotel guests, especially when the hotel is rather expensive to start with.",Date of stay: July 2013,4.0
3375,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3380-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Very good Hotel  in  zone 1, Central  location of the  hotel. Right next to the Paddington  station. Direct high speed connectivity to the airport  and National Rail stations.  Small  rooms  for the price but  it's sufficient. Puzzle type  alleys.  Easy to get lost in the first few times. ,Date of stay: August 2012,4.0
3376,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3380-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great Location but...,I love historic hotels. That was one of the reasons for my selection. However it just did not lead up to my expectations and in fact I checked out early. Seriously one of the smallest hotel rooms I've ever had and the view was the windows of another room so I felt it best to keep the drapes closed the entire time. I really think that this place could have great potential but it is just missing something. I am a Gold Honours member and have been for years so I usually know what to expect. The Executive Lounge was fine but it is small and there were not enough seats during the breakfast rush. I did not attend the evening reception. It is a busy hotel and in the Heart of the Paddington area and of course only a few steps from the Heathrow Express.,Date of stay: June 2013,3.0
3377,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3380-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Short but sweet,"The Hilton lives up to its name in this hotel - the welcome is genuine, the comfort is excellent, the food (no matter where you have it) is delicious and the even though we paid more because of high season it was worth it!",Date of stay: June 2013,5.0
3378,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3380-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Location shouldn't be everything,"At client request I had to travel to London at short notice. Unfortunately , my trip coincided with the start of Wimbledon. The price of the hotel was obnoxious and was pegged high through the duration of my stay even though rates were showing on line for the third week. I decided to take a trip out to Cardiff for the weekend, to stay at another Hilton property. I asked the hotel front desk to assist with arrangements. The front desk said I had to go through central bookings while central bookings said I had to go through the hotel as I was already checked in. After a prolonged call with the front desk, the reco I got was to go to Cardiff but keep paying for my room in Paddington as the hotel could not guarantee me a room for my return on the Sunday evening. This response came…",Date of stay: June 2013,1.0
3379,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3380-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,No longer best way to get to Heathrow,"We used to enjoy staying at this hotel.  Unfortunately the rates have risen so much lately as have the Heathrow Express prices.  It is now cheaper to stay at another hotel and use London Minicabs as the savings is substantial.  Shop around as you can get a much nicer hotel for a better price and use London Minicabs to Heathrow and not have to deal with your luggage.  They use regular cars, not the uncomfortable traditional cabs. They used to give Diamond members upgrades but this is no longer the case.  Of course, this is happening at many Hiltons so we head for the locations who still appreciate that Diamond members spend a lot of money to get this status.  The points required for a free night have also become outrageously high at Paddington - 70000 - it used to be all about…",Date of stay: April 2013,3.0
3380,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3385-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,A Classic Station Hotel,"This was a second visit to this Hotel for us - and we couldn't wait to get back. The Hilton occupies the former Great Western Royal Hotel - built in 1902 to front Paddington Station in the heyday of rail travel. It's still a superbly convenient base for anyone using trains to get around the UK now. It preserves much of it's former glory - a sinuous staircase winds out of the lobby, past a mural of 1920s station life. The tiled lobby floor and uplighters hark back to the same period. In short, it's a restoration job which has drawn on the hotel's finest hour very sensitively and carefully. When you see people say it ""looks dated"" here - it does....that's very much the point!  However the rooms are equipped with everything you'd expect from a modern hotel - including a firm but…",Date of stay: May 2013,5.0
3381,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3385-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,No HH Upgrade @ Paddington,"I have stayed at this Hilton twice. The first time as a paying customer and the second utilizing Hilton Honor points as a Gold member (in May 2013).  Both times I selected this hotel because of the ease of getting to the airport on the Heathrow Express.  I have stayed at Hiltons all over the world and as a HH Gold member I have always been able to get some sort of room upgrade at every Hilton...except the Paddington Hilton in London.  Perhaps they were actually full up on that last visit on a Wednesday in May, but I doubt it.  I've never actually been put in a smaller room. The front desk did not seem interested in making our stay even a little bit better as we traveled through London.  For the first time I felt like I was treated to a lower quality of service because I was…",Date of stay: May 2013,1.0
3382,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3385-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great Location,"This hotel is centrally located and provided easy access to both rail and underground in London.  Rooms and bathrooms are quite large. (We had guest on the same floor that allowed their small children to run the halls playing until midnight, when we finally asked them to stop.  Became an every night experience during our 4 day stay). Breakfast was wonderful!  Check in Staff not that friendly, we had to ask about breakfast, and room key had to be re-programed twice. Unable to understand the Concierge.  Generally a good experience though, location is the big plus.",Date of stay: June 2013,4.0
3383,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3385-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Perfect location!,"Have thoroughly enjoyed this hotel!!! Location is convenient for airport, trains, tubes, sites, etc! Staff is very knowledgable and helpful. Room was very nice size and clean. Will stay here again and would recommend to anyone looking for easy access to attractions and such.",Date of stay: June 2013,5.0
3384,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3385-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Four star hotel in a wonderful location,"Love this hotel. The location is wonderful and the rooms are very clean, quite, comfortable and spacious. I hate the mini fridge thu as you can not touch anything inside without getting charged. It is full of sensors and there is no place to put your own drinks. The Internet is really expensive. But other than that I enjoyed our stay there. The staff were really nice and helpful",Date of stay: March 2013,5.0
3385,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3390-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great Location!,"Location: - excellent location, close to the attractions with the tube, entrance to Paddington station without having to even get out, 15 min by Heathrow Express to the airport, it's very convenient  Hotel and rooms in general: - rooms look a little outdated but it's still pretty good - hotel itself seem a bit old, depending on where you stay, it can be pretty far from the lifts and ice machines - I stayed in a room not facing the street which was fairly quiet  Breakfast: - a little bit smaller than the standard Hilton selection, but it's sufficient with an omelette bar  Service: - I can't really comment, I deal fairly little with service people during my stays so whomever I dealt with were fine  Overall: - I think the price was ok for London, I've stayed in more expensive and…",Date of stay: June 2013,4.0
3386,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3390-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great Location,"This was my first time staying at the Hilton above Paddington station in London.  It's absolutely ideal for connecting to/from Heathrow.  I am a Hilton Gold member and I stay at a lot of Hilton hotels and I would rate the Club Room overlooking Paddington Station, as one of the better, more interesting Executive Clubs I have experienced.  The location is the best thing about this hotel - the rooms are nice normal Hilton rooms - nothing to distinguish them.  I wouldn't hesitate to stay here again.",Date of stay: June 2013,4.0
3387,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3390-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,surprisingly good,"here for a conference, food excellent rooms lovely, clean,  think i had an executive room, on the front facing praed street but not noisy Right next to paddinton station easy access, directly behind follow the canal bars places to ear little venice. would use again",Date of stay: June 2013,5.0
3388,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3390-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Service to guests,"Apart from my gripe about charging for internet access, the Hilton (Paddington) makes a short stay in London a pleasure.  Easy access to Heathrow and staff who were most accommodating.  Access to the London underground makes travel around London easy.",Date of stay: June 2013,4.0
3389,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3390-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,All very British.....with low expectations you won't be disappointed,"I stayed for one night having come in to Heathrow from Asia.  Location is excellent - being jet lagged I was able to walk through the Hyde Park at 5am with almost nobody else around.  Being a Diamond Hhonors member I got an upgrade to an Executive floor room - the room was nice and quite spacious.  It faced centrally in to a court yard so was very quiet.  On arriving nobody helped me at the door or just the whole checkin process with my 3 (that's right 3) bags.  i could cope on my own but it was a bit of a struggle, and that's not the point.  It was about 9:45pm so I went to the Executive Lounge - the coffee and water machines were already turned off (even though the lounge supposedly closes at 11pm) as they were getting ready for breakfast the next day.  The staff member had to…",Date of stay: April 2013,3.0
3390,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3395-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great home away from home,"A very convenient hotel right at Paddington Station and the underground, and many buses travel along Praed Street right outside.  The hotel always has a relaxed feel in its pleasant foyer, just sit down and have a lovely cup of coffee.  The rooms are very comfortable rooms, with excellenet amenities and the breakfast choice and quality is excellent.",Date of stay: June 2013,5.0
3391,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3395-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Very good on the whole,"We spent a weekend in London visiting family and watching Bruce Springsteen. We chose this Hotel due to its proximity to London Paddington as we were arriving by train from South Wales and didn't fancy carrying our luggage across London on the Tube at rush hour.  Good points of hotel * Location - straight from the platform into reception (this could be signposted better though). * Reception area - lovely - has a great atmosphere. * Staff - all the staff were very pleasant and friendly. Nothing was too much trouble. * Size of room - we were pleasantly surprised at the size of the standard room. Having stayed in cities on both sides of the Atlantic, you never get much for your money in the hotels - this was one of the bigger rooms we've had. * Quietness - we had a room on floor 6…",Date of stay: June 2013,4.0
3392,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3395-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Perfect for the solo traveller!,"I needed one night's accommodation arriving at Heathrow airport very early and departing the next day to return back to fly out to Dublin.  This hotel was perfect for these needs.  I took the Heathrow Express, free wifi on board, a socket to charge my mobile phone with international plug and 15 minutes no stops direct to Paddington station and just a few minutes walk from getting off the train I was in the hotel lobby without having had to go out on the cold streets outside.  I was very lucky to be able to check in early hours before the set time and loved my big room.  Internet wasn't cheap in the room and had some technical issues getting it set up but once it was working it was at fast speed.  The bathroom had a good pressure shower and good selection of amenities.  It was a…",Date of stay: April 2013,5.0
3393,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3395-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Average Really,"When you travel internationally you realise hotels in some ""premier"" cities are really pretty mediocre.  In truth this Hilton is a little like that.  The lobby is fine with buoyant atmoshpere and staff all presentable and helpful.  Rooms are a reasonable size although bathroom looked like it could have done with an update and is a tad small. The Hilton Exec wing was a little basic, felt like a very average airport lounge.  Right next to train station which is handy as you will want to get out of of Paddington as the area itself has nothing of interest and is generally pretty shabby.",Date of stay: June 2013,4.0
3394,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3395-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great hotel in a great location.,"We stayed here for the night while in London to see the mighty Bruce Springsteen at Wembley! The hotel is ideally placed for arriving at Paddington station and is literally just around the corner.  We arrived approx 40 minutes before the designated check-in time of 3.00pm and although our room wasn't ready, we were still able to complete the check-in process and asked to return in approx half an hour to collect our room key.  All the staff we encountered at the hotel during our stay were very polite and friendly.  Our room was clean and well-presented.  The huge comfy bed was very much appreciated after an energetic evening at Wembley.  We had no problems with noise but maybe we were lucky as the front of the hotel is on a very busy street and the railway station is at the back!…",Date of stay: June 2013,4.0
3395,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3400-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Easy access to railway and central London,Excellent and convenient hotel if travelling to/from the west of England or Wales. Bedrooms very large and comfortable for central Lndon. Very easy access to underground and the rest of London. Usual Hilton food and (expensive) drinks. Great spot for business meetings in the large bar area.,Date of stay: January 2013,4.0
3396,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3400-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Best Location in London at Hilton Paddington,"This hotel has the best location in London. Arriving at Heathrow, you catch the Heathrow Express for a 15 minute ride. Then just walk or ride the elevator up one level to your hotel. The Underground is right across the street.  So you can get to anywhere in London fast! The only negative is that there is no free wifi in your room.",Date of stay: June 2013,5.0
3397,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3400-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Very Convenient for Paddington Funnily Enough,"I've rated this average, only because I stayed here for one night and didn't sample any of the hotel facilities so can't comment on anything other than the room itself. The room I stayed in was a single room, but was generous in size including a separate seating area and decent sized bathroom. All of the furnishings looked new and stylish.  There was the usual corporate hotel accessories - including iron, tea and coffee with biscuits and hairdryer. I've been in similar hotels where these items were surprisingly not on offer in this country even though you'd think they would be ubiquitous, so it's worth mentioning. It's most annoying to have to phone down to reception for an iron for example.  The hotel opens onto Paddington Station at the back so is enormously handy if you are…",Date of stay: June 2013,3.0
3398,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3400-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Better for business, I'd imagine.","When I visit London, I stay around Paddington, and every time I thought, ""if I were staying in the Hilton, I'd be home by now.""  So on my last trip I made a point to stay for a night.  And I just come across feeling my stay was, well, just average.  The convenience is unbeatable.  The lower floor filled with activity with a grand main staircase off to the side.  Room was spacious and I had plenty of room to stretch out and have my large luggage bag unpacked (if I wanted to).  However, the wireless and breakfasts were a bit on the pricier side, which is to be expected at a hotel of that caliber.  The hotel is still beautiful and filled with history, but for a guy on a solo holiday, it doesn't feel quite in my demographic.",Date of stay: April 2013,3.0
3399,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3400-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great hotel and great location,"The location is very good, close to London underground and has a direct link to the train station where you have access to other in England. Also is good for quick grocery shopping as there is a Mark and Spencer's there for all the fruity goodness you need. The hotel itself is impeccable, good staff, average rooms and basically all you would expect off a Hilton hotel. The food is good, with breakfast and a good selection of lunch and dinner. There are plenty restaurants around as well, Aberdeen Steak House, Burger King, Garfunkel's, and a couple of indian restaurants. What i did not like about the hotel is the high internet charges. You had to pay a lot for small plans which I found unreasonable. Very good hotel anyway.",Date of stay: April 2013,4.0
3400,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3405-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great location when arriving from Paddington station,"If you arrive by train from Heathrow, Hilton Paddington is an excellent choice. When you depart the train, (usually arrives at plaform 6-7) just walk slightly to the right, (you pass the stairs down to the subway) you see an escalator and a sign for Hilton Paddington. Very, very convenient! You enter the hotel at the brasserie, and find your way to the front desk easily.  I was directed straight to the executive lounge for Check-in, and check in went easy by a very polite woman. No room upgrade for goldmembers (just for Diamonds she told me) but since I was staying just for one night, she gave me access to the lounge, and that is always appreciated!  I booked a double deluxe room. My room was in the 2nd floor, and was nice and quiet even though the location of this hotel is in a…",Date of stay: June 2013,4.0
3401,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3405-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Appalling customer service by one of their receptionists!!!!!!!! (Night time),"I am currently writing this review whilst in room 436 hilton paddington after the most appalling telephone call to the hotels reception.  After trying to connect to wifi (assuming it was a complementary service in the room, not just lobby) we couldn't connect. So me and my partner thought to call reception to ask how to get on it. The service for 24 hours is £14.99 we were told. Hilton paddington, this is disgraceful, why are you not providing free wifi in rooms, are you not a 4* hotel that we have actually spent quite a lot of money for? Considering we pay to have the hotel room for less than 12 hours!!!!!!!!  After explaining to the receptionist, we have paid quite a lot of money for our room, and that we would have thought wifi wouldn't come as an additional cost (it's not an…",Date of stay: June 2013,2.0
3402,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3405-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,The Pleasures of History,"The Hilton London Paddington has all of the attractions of accommodation associated with an established and distinguished hotel chain. The levels of cleanliness, service, and accoutrements certainly meet a guest’s expectations. But this hotel, as one of Hilton’s growing list of historically significant properties, might come as a surprise to travelers used to built-for-Hilton hotels from those of the first generation in Istanbul and Rome to the latest in Dubai and Antakya. The HLP is a modern hotel inserted into a classic nineteenth century structure. The building, which served as the monumental terminus of the prestigious Great Western Railroad, was designed and constructed between 1851-1853 by Philip Charles Hardwick, the distinguished British architect best known for his…",Date of stay: May 2013,5.0
3403,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3405-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great Connections,"Spent only one night at this hotel on an overnight stop over.  Chose this hotel because it is only 15 minutes from Heathrow via the Express train.  There is also a Tube station at Paddington so it is very easy to see many of the iconic attractions in London.  But the rooms are not cheap, so you pay for this convenience.  The room was very comfortable and larger than I was expecting for London.  The bed was very comfortable.  The breakfast buffet also exceeded my expectations.  There was a wide selection, beyond what I expect in a European hotel.",Date of stay: May 2013,5.0
3404,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3405-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great hotel,I have stayed in several hotels in London including other Hilton hotels. This was by for the best and only booked it on the morning of our stay. Having gone to London by train it was the best location possible with an undercover passageway to the station. There are several restaurants within 100 yards of the hotel. Staff are extremely professional and the room was extremely spacious for a London hotel. Highly recommended.,Date of stay: May 2013,5.0
3405,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3410-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Hilton - above expectations,"I usually ask my travel agency to book at Hilton, Paddington. Close to the Heathrow express train station, walking distance from our office building and always excellent service. Ask for a quiet room, and they will do whatever to help. Breakfast not included, a bit expensive, but you will never forget. The buffet is of top quality. Omelet, scrambled or fried egg, they make it while you wait. Fresh fruit, etc all that you desire. Hotel price ok for business travel, but expensive private.",Date of stay: March 2013,4.0
3406,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3410-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great hotel with easy connection to LHR,"I have stayed at this hotel many times including several times this year. I find it to be great hotel for business or pleasure trips to central London. It is only 15-20 minutes to LHR using the Heathrow Express. You can access the hotel from inside this grand old train station. There is a tube station right in the station and Paddington is served by four underground lines. There are many regional and national rail lines too. The hotel rooms vary widely in size, but many are fairly large by London standards and few are tiny. All of the ones I have had lately have been recently refurbished. There is a nice executive lounge overlooking the bustling train station. The train station and the area around the hotel has many convenience stores and places to eat. Hotel cost is usually…",Date of stay: May 2013,5.0
3407,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3410-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Good with distinct flaws,"I have stayed here several times over several years. I really like the ease of access from Heathrow airport via the Heathrow express train. You just get off the train and in no time you are in the hotel lobby. Its no worse than staying at an on airport hotel.  As to the hotel itself the lobby is straightforward but adequate. A bar, restaurant and the executive lounge. Colors, design and size are all ok. The rooms are fair. The bathrooms are clean and modern though the tub is a bit tight. Furniture in good condition and pleasant, as is the bed. The executive lounge is business like and the breakfast is pretty decent.  The flaws:  1. The lifts are very slow and long waits are normal. 2. Some rooms are very far from lifts. 3. Soundproofing is poor 4. The desk chair is not…",Date of stay: May 2013,4.0
3408,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3410-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Good position,"Stayed for a 2 night leisure break, booked this hotel due to the proximity to the railway staion, bus and tube links. Arrived in london 11am the hotel was a 2 minute walk-away, large reception area, receptionist [Frank] and portering staff welcoming so 1st good impression. Our room was available immediately. Room on 5th floor [568[ was overlooking the inner court yard, this suited us as we wanted quiet. The room was large, bright, clean and warm. Comfortable double bed and a marble bathroom with bath and shower. The hotel was very busy as used by Reps and companies using the conference facilities but we were not disturbed by noise during the evening or night. The price of meals and drinks were expensive but the Reps charged them to their companies so not an issue for them. There…",Date of stay: May 2013,4.0
3409,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3410-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Large rooms, good location at an average price.","First time staying at the Hilton Paddington.  Overall I thought it was okay, nothing special about it that would make me want to return again but nothing major to put me off it. Most people staying here will be doing do because of the Heathrow express.  Yes it's very close to Heathrow but save yourself money if you have the time and get the underground train instead.  It was £11 for a single as opposed to £20 single on Heathrow express.  Underground takes about an extra 30 minutes. My girlfriend and I arrived early (10am) I requested an early check in online and thankfully they had the room ready for me.  The guy at check in told me rooms were not normally ready until 3pm so that was a plus.  Check in staff were friendly however some of the door men were acting like they were…",Date of stay: May 2013,4.0
3410,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3415-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Nice hotel, great location, nice staff too.","Just stayed for one night at the Hilton Paddington, on the Bank Holiday Monday. I hadn't booked previously, as I wasn't sure if I was needing a bed for the night, until I got to work on that day. I approached the reception at 1300, and asked if they had a room available, and at what price.  I was pleased to be quoted the same price as online, have free wifi and a breakfast thrown in, and my room upgraded! My room was massive, nice bed, a dining table and chairs, nice bathroom and shower. Whilst I did not have a room with a view, it was fine for me! The location was great, as my office is on the station at Paddington. Breakfast in the morning was very tasty and plentiful. The staff were nice too. definitely no complaints, and would stay here again. Thank you Hilton!",Date of stay: May 2013,5.0
3411,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3415-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Location for Heathrow,"The number one advantage of this hotel is the fact that one entrance is located IN Paddington Station.  If you are going to Heathrow and can afford their rates then this is definitely the place to stay.  The rooms are clean and spacious,  I would not say that the staff is warm and fluffy but some of them are extremely helpful.  The beds are very comfortable.  I would most certainly stay here if I have to catch a train from Paddington, the convenience cannot be beat.",Date of stay: December 2012,4.0
3412,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3415-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great start to a tour in the UK,"I spent my first night of many at this hotel in the UK and it did not disappoint, rather my jet-lag did because I couldn't enjoy more of the ultra-comfortable bed and room. The room was large and spacious and it wasn't even the top-end room or suite.  The amenities were ample and included Peter Thomas Roth soaps and shampoo. There was a neatly packaged shortbread cake waiting for me too! What a pleasant surprise! Not sure if that is regularly given or I got lucky! There were two bottles of water as well as a juice.  I had dinner there after checking in rather late. The food took a while to come, but the fish and chips were great. Only trouble was my stomach, because it was not used to the time zone. The breakfast was very good too!  It is right beside the Paddington Station so…",Date of stay: May 2013,4.0
3413,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3415-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great location & Nice Hotel,The location of this hotel doesn’t get much better since you can actually enter the hotel from Paddington station.  Anybody who spends time in London will tell you the best way to get from Heathrow to the city is via the Paddington express which makes the location so great. The rooms are a decent size for London where rooms tend to run on the small size and the service excellent. The hotel is expensive and you have to pay for internet. The place is clearly occupied by a lot of people on an expense account.,Date of stay: May 2013,5.0
3414,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3415-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great Location,This hotel was perfect for my wife and I. The tube station is across the street and gives you access to the entire city. We did a lot of running the city so having a hotel right next to tube was important. It is in a safe area.   The rooms were cozy. Bed was comfortable and came with the traditional English Tea!,Date of stay: May 2013,5.0
3415,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3420-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,conveniently located!,"If you travel from overseas to London and land to Heathlow,this is the ideal location to access! Especially if you have heavy travelcase or bring little kids,this hotel helps you a lot! Within a minutes wals from platform of Heathlow express,you can check in and relax yourself to the cosy,clean ,and very quiet room!",Date of stay: May 2013,5.0
3416,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3420-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Super convenient, good quality hotel","I recently stayed at this hotel on a short trip to the UK for business. Location-wise, it is hard to beat. Straight off the plane onto the Heathrow Express, which virtually takes you to the door of the hotel (no need for cabs or connections). And despite the location, I found the hotel quiet - I didn't experience any noise problems whatsoever from the surrounding area. The hotel itself is a good quality Hilton, with all you would expect. My room was a good size (larger than typical in Europe) and clean, and the breakfast range was good. The staff were efficient without being particularly notable. My only complaints were the gripe (standard for Hiltons) about the amount charged for Wifi access in rooms - it is free in the lounge area, but I do not always wish to go there - and…",Date of stay: May 2013,4.0
3417,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3420-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Very nice and convenient,"We stayed here for two nights in March 2013. We just got the double guestroom, which is the smallest of the rooms they offer. However, we were surprised with the amount of space we had. The bed was very comfortable and the room was pretty nice. It was very quiet as well. The view from the room wasn't very good... I below it overlooked one of the underground platforms.  We choose this hotel because of its location. We flew into Heathrow and took the express train directly to Paddington station, checked our luggage in at the front desk and then got right on the underground to hit up some tourist attractions. It was freezing in March as well, so it was nice that the hotel was attached to the train station so we didn't have to go outside at all.   One thing I will say is that when…",Date of stay: March 2013,4.0
3418,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3420-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great for a smooth travel,"The best of this hotel is that it is located right at the Paddington Train Station, which is the one you will be arriving if taking the ""Heathrow Express"" to make only 15 minutes to Central London. With those two combined, you trip should be very smooth. Padington connects with trains and subway. You can get to Picadilly or Tottenham court road without changing tube lines.  That compensates everything. Rooms are good, we are talking about a Hilton standard hotel, so you will like it. But the best part is that if you fly to heathrow and carrying a lot or big luggage, or coming from a long journey... you are with no hazzle 15 minutes away airport-hotel-airport, facing the one hour journey from central london to LHR by subway.",Date of stay: May 2013,4.0
3419,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3420-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Typical Hilton Standards in Convenient Location,"If you're travelling to/from Paddington, this is almost part of the station so great location. Very large hotel, and has the standards you'd expect from a Hilton.  Everything is very clean and efficiently run.  Staff were helpful, polite and friendly. It does have a very corporate, business like feel to it which is great if you need a hassle free, professional environment to stay in, but it does lack personality and atmosphere a bit.  Large, comfortable bed, good shower and nice quality toiletries supplied. Tea/coffee/fridge/ironing board/hairdryer etc - everything you'd expect from a Hilton.  Very busy foyer with lots of people waiting or coming/going.  Visible security gave a real sense of being secure though.  Some great restaurants in the area.",Date of stay: May 2013,4.0
3420,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3425-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,A bit pricey but great for location cant be beat,"stayed 2 night here with husband,  as I wanted to book for location as we wanted to see as much as  London as we could.  it was nice and my husband really loved the executive lounge and breakfast and evening as well , was very nice and perfect location room was clean . and had no issues. except could not find hairdryer at first as they put in a dresser. bathroom was a bit small but still it was nice as well.   wish they did not have the mini bars in the rooms, as it was like if you wanted to put something in the mini bar it has  sensor , I just wished they would just put a mini fridge incase you wanted to have cold drinks, as lets face it would have been more useful  than a mini bar type deal . for just booze.",Date of stay: May 2013,3.0
3421,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3425-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Disappointing,"I stayed here for one night during the week while attending a work conference. The reason for picking the Hilton was due to it's close proximity to Paddington station and therefore Heathrow Airport.  Having being almost run over by someone reversing their giant mini van right outside the main door, I entered the main door. I went to check in at reception - the guy I dealt with was incredibly unfriendly and quite miserable. He asked if i was a member of Hilton Honors to which I replied no, so then it seemed he didn't need to bother with me. He handed me a card with my room number on it and that was it! No, lifts in that direction, you're on floor 4, breakfast is served etc. Nothing! Upon arriving in my room, I found a very long hair on my bed sheet - I assume this is from the…",Date of stay: May 2013,2.0
3422,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3425-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Impressive all round,"I stayed at the Hilton at Paddington train station prior to flying from Heathrow. The location of the hotel is excellent, not just for this purpose but also as a base for sight-seeing in London. More importantly, the quality of the accommodation is first class. My room was well appointed and clean, there was absolutely no noise that could be heard in the bedroom so a good night's sleep was had (aided by a very comfortable bed).  General facilities are also good, as was the service when I stayed there. A popular night club is on the ground floor but this in no way adversely affects the hotel - conversely, it is a positive attribute if you are so inclined.  There is no doubt I will use this hotel again whether it be for business or pleasure.",Date of stay: May 2013,5.0
3423,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3425-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Fabulous location, wonderful service","Take the express train from Heathrow airport directly to Paddington station which sits under this hotel.  Walk right upstairs and you are there.  What a wonderful hotel.  Beautiful, well cared for, terrific service and a fabulous breakfast buffet.  The hotel rooms are very American and have more than enough space (not standard for a European hotel).  The room was very clean with wonderful amenities.  Just across the street from the front door is the bus stop for the infamous double decker tour bus.  This hotel is the best location for anyone visiting London.",Date of stay: April 2013,5.0
3424,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3425-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Consistent,Another stay at the Hilton Paddington prior to a flight from Heathrow. Quick check in and a nice quiet room meant a good nights sleep. Breakfast in the lounge was not of a very high quality but service was fine. Quick check out and a short Heathrow Express trip to The airport.   This hotel is really convenient for travel to Heathrow and less expensive than saying on airport with plenty of bars and restaurants in the surrounding area.,Date of stay: May 2013,4.0
3425,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3430-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,No good for vegetarians,"Stayed here for one night. Room was fine. Ordered a vegetarian salad from room service but having eaten most of it found a small,slice of chicken. When I complained on checking out no one apologised.(Although, at my insistence they accepted I should not pay for the food - they stil charged the room service tray charge). Subsequent apology by email from Hotel manager was functional but expressed little real disappointment about his service. Would have left it at never going back myself. However, having just received an email promoting the Hilton despite having ticks the do not contact me box I was prompted to write a review.  Air conditioning in room was very noisy but it got too hot of it wasn't running.",Date of stay: April 2013,1.0
3426,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3430-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Very Centrally Located,Just 15 minutes from Heathrow terminal 5 by the Heathrow express and the steps from the paddington Station leads you to the Hotel.Good Size rooms but limited choices in the TV.Lots of good eating places and specially one or two lebanese restaurants close by.Also a 10 Minute taxi ride to Kings Cross / st Pancreas Station or to the Oxford Street/ Bond Street for shopping. Good choices on Breakfast with an Omlette Station Live. Also WiFi is free only in the Lobby but chargeable in the Room.,Date of stay: May 2013,5.0
3427,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3430-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Super convenient, yet comfotable","I chose this hotel beacuse of strategic location on Paddington station. I must have made record by  being in my room 50 minutes after our plane touch the ground at Heathrow. The location is perfect on Heathrow expres which runs every 15 minutes and take you in 15 minutes to the city and also on several tube lines. Hotel has direct entrance from train station where you can also fidn lots of shops, restaurant and pub. The same is valid for the surroundings. I really enjhoyed the location despite the traditional train station neighbourhood.   Hotel itself is just Hilton, fast checkin fast checkout, standard room, clean, safe. No noise from trains itself. Breakfast was below  average for me, would be disappointing if I had to pay extra for that. There are many Hiltons in London and…",Date of stay: May 2013,4.0
3428,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3430-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Lovely hotel,Stayed here after walking out of the hotel my company put me in was a bit on the pricey side but worth every penny   Staff where all friendly polite and helpful. Bar staff were really nice. Room was big spotlessly clean and every facility you would expect in a top London Hotel   Only moan would be the cost of breakfast £21 for a fry up is over the top when you can get a full English cooked to order in Paddington station for under £6 which is much nicer than even the best buffet breakfast.  That said I would certainly stay there again as the room was good value just food and drinks very expensive.,Date of stay: May 2013,5.0
3429,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3430-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,London Convenience,"I've stayed several times at this hotel and always been generally satisfied.  Convenience to Paddington Station is excellent and the hotel staff are always happy to store guests bags (either before check-in or after check-out) which makes it easy to get extra London visiting hours into a travel schedule.  Access to pretty much anywher in Central London is easy and quick by taxi or tube, both of which are accesible on-site.",Date of stay: April 2013,4.0
3430,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3435-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Nice especially if you find a bargain,"Modern and well equipped hotel in an excellent location for Paddington and Heathrow Express.  We found a really good deal through a third party website, making it a great stay. Entrances to the Street or Paddington Station giving a number of breakfast options if you don't fancy the formality of a Hilton sit down brekkie.",Date of stay: May 2013,5.0
3431,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3435-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Best Hilton in West London,Was here for four days on business with a meeting of 150+ on-site; including meals and breaks. Kitchen staff was most helpful for our meetings - excellent food Highly professional staff. GREAT location with easy access to Heathrow and Tube.,Date of stay: April 2013,5.0
3432,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3435-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,hotel review,"Entire hotel needs to be renovated.  inroom dining choices also needs to be expanded for all hours.  the nightclub located within the hotel (entrance to the nightclub is through the hotel lobby) needs to be changed. Clientele the club receives makes the hotel seem to be unsafe.   - close proximity to the train station is a plus, but even at that, would not recommend at this time.",Date of stay: April 2013,2.0
3433,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3435-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Convenient for Heathrow, but nothing special","It's in a convenient location for Heathrow and as its within Paddington Station and therefore easy for the Heathrow Express. Other than this there is nothing special about this hotel. Rooms are what you'd expect for the price you pay, food again is what you'd expect. All in all the hotel is what you'd expect of the rate, standard and brand but I didn't feel it excelled in any way. No leisure facilities to speak of.  Really, the only reason to choose this hotel over the hundreds of other hotels in London would be if you want to be at Paddington Station. In terms of hotels there are better hotels for the same price with a wider range of facilities.   On a final note, the porters at the hotel did the old trick of watching you carry your cases across the entire hotel, through double…",Date of stay: May 2013,3.0
3434,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3435-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Excellent,"Stayed here for two nights on a coach trip   The hotel was excellent, no complaints.  Lovely room, spacious, clean, comfortable bed. everything you require.  Staff very professional and attentive.  Breakfast was as good as you get with plenty of choice.  Also good location.",Date of stay: April 2013,5.0
3435,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3440-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel but disappointed by the service,"The Hilton London Paddington is ideally situated for the sights and sounds of West London with the tube station across the street. Unfortunately we felt that the staff at the hotel didn't live up to the great location and grand frontage. When we checked in the lady on the desk was unhelpful and didn't appear interested and didn't give us options for breakfast or dinner reservations. Information was not forthcoming about our e-standby upgrade and she only told me it was not available when I asked. I am a Hilton Honors Rewards member and this stay was paid for with my reward points, which considering how much you have to spend to get a free night in London, I would expect to be treated better. The room itself was a good size and the bed comfortable although there must have been…",Date of stay: April 2013,4.0
3436,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3440-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Suprisingly excellent always passed it by in the past!,"First time we have stayed here. As we travel up from the west country into Paddington Im not sure why we haven't stayed here before.  It was great. Extremely convenient - off the train across the platform and into the hotel. We had a room on the second floor and saw a sign saying they were refurbishing this floor which caused us concern. I guess however our room must have been refurbished as  we were very impressed. An art deco design, spacious,well equipped and clean. Very quiet as well no sound from the station. We had tickets for a concert in the Royal Albert Hall and choose to stroll through Hyde Park into Kensington- very relaxing. We will certainly return to this hotel again",Date of stay: April 2013,5.0
3437,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3440-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Easy access to/from LHR,"I stayed here for a quick overnight business trip, flying into Heathrow (LHR).  This hotel is perfect if you are coming from or going to Heathrow.  The train station is right there by the hotel.  The hotel itself is very nice.  The rooms were very clean and more spacious than I expected.  Obviously, this hotel isn't the closest to some of the obvious London attractions.  But, there are plenty of cabs.  I wouldn't hesitate to stay there again.",Date of stay: November 2012,4.0
3438,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3440-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Right by the heathrow express station,"15 mins on the airport express train door to door for 20 quid. Don't take a cab or it will take loads longer and will be far more expensive.  ATMs at Paddington station are available to get your cash out for a reasonable exchange rate. Avoid the currency converters at heathrow, unless you like being ripped off.  Charming older style hotel. Standard rooms are big for London standards.  Staff are very helpful, check in is quick.  Surrounding streets are busy, and hotel is near to a bus stop for easy access to anywhere in London.  Tesco express is just up the street and there are few restaurants near by. Even a fish n chip Resturant! Curry house and more.  Perfect place to stay if you are in London on business.  ",Date of stay: April 2013,4.0
3439,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3440-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great location & service,"The convenience of the Hilton location in Paddington is difficult to beat.  Immediately adjoining the Paddington railway station, with its Heathrow Express train, and an impressive range of convenience stores, the hotel is also close to traditional pubs, iconic residential architecture and Hyde Park.  Oxford Street, with its glorious array of shops and services, is a 20 minute walk away.  Our purpose was business and the variety of conference rooms and dedicated services is well-geared for serving business customers.",Date of stay: April 2013,5.0
3440,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3445-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great for a London Layover,"En route to Prague, Czech Republic, I ended up having to leave for London a day earlier than planned, so I decided to make the most of my layover. I booked this hotel last minute with an included breakfast rate. It's accessible from Paddington without stepping outside.  It was super simple, from my plane, through customs, to the Heathrow Express, I was in my room in well under an hour from the time I landed in London.  Having a full day ahead and my room not ready for checkin, they graciously let me use the business lounge (though that can't be guaranteed). I'm a HHonors Gold member now, but back then, I didn't have status with them. They stored my luggage, and I was off to see London!  I came back to my room about 7:30pm, got my luggage, and went straight to my room.  The rooms…",Date of stay: July 2012,5.0
3441,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3445-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Not good value and very noisy,"I've stayed in this hotel every year for the last 4 on a group trip that always uses it.  I've had a very noisy room 3 out of 4 years, with loud street noise disturbing us. The other year the room was fairly noisy as well, it wasn't street facing but there was noise from the station. At the prices charged I really would expect proper sound proofing.  On the plus side it is convenient (being located in the station) and the rooms have always been reasonably comfortable and well appointed.",Date of stay: April 2013,2.0
3442,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3445-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Good hotel, good location, GREAT staff","I just spent four days at this hotel.  It has all of the normal things you would expect from a Hilton.  The beds are comfortable, the rooms are clean, and the meals are well prepared.  The staff make this hotel special.  I had broken the shower head and mentioned it to the cleaning staff.  While I was out they fixed it.  That may not sound like much but since I stay in a lot of hotels very few handle complaints as quickly and professionally as this Hilton.  I highly recommend and will stay here again.",Date of stay: April 2013,5.0
3443,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3445-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Excellent centrally located hotel!,"Stayed here 3 days for a conference that was also being held in the hotel. Location is perfect right next to the station and very accessible from Heathrow. Bedroom was lovely and very quiet - the filter coffee machine was an especially nice touch! Fantastic staff particularly the concierge, and this is a hotel which is very efficient and geared up for big conference events. Excellent breakfast also. Only slight negatives - there is free wifi now but it is fairly slow and there are different connections depending where you are in the hotel so we found we were getting disconnected alot and having to go to get new access codes depending where we were sitting. Also room service food is not 24 hours which is unusual in a 5* hotel, especially in Central London. The hotel can also be…",Date of stay: April 2013,4.0
3444,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3445-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Comfortable and convenient,A first-class hotel with convenient access to all London sights and the Heathrow Express link to the airport.  Comfortable beds and spacious (for London) rooms and all amenities.  Excellent staff: the receptionist was particularly welcoming and helpful.,Date of stay: April 2013,4.0
3445,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3450-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great Hotel,"Great Hotel to stay at. Brilliant location. Great staff, very helpful and accommdating. Fabulous doorman ""Charles""...no request too much trouble for him....friendly,helpful, professional member of staff. All staff very courteous and professional. Hotel itself busy but very relaxing. Nice bar/lounge and cocktail bar. Great breakfast and good menu. Well recommended.",Date of stay: March 2013,5.0
3446,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3450-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great location,"I had read some negative reviews about this hotel but decided to try it because it was so convenient. The staff greeted us and helped with luggage. We had arrived early, coming straight from the airport, and they suggested we might want breakfast while we waited for the room to be cleaned. The staff in the restaurant was wonderful--and made an extra effort to help us understand the prices and options since we were obviously jet lagged and confused. Our room was quiet with a lovely view of the station. We especially enjoyed the executive lounge--breakfast and evening reception with enough hot and cold options to be dinner if you had a heavy lunch. The view of Paddington station was a highlight. I was very surprised at how quiet clean and luxurious the place was given some of the…",Date of stay: February 2013,5.0
3447,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3450-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great Decor,"We stayed at the Hotel the night before because we had an early train to catch, What a great View overlooking the train station from the Executive Lounge and the Art Deco which could be found all over the hotel was very nice to see (Please do not change)  The Hotel staff were very friendly and helpful and our morning breakfast was nicely served.",Date of stay: April 2013,5.0
3448,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3450-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Fab location,"This hotel was posh without feeling pompous ! Fab location easy to get to underground as opposite hotel ! Mini bar stupidly expensive, and ours had half drunk bottles in ! Yuck ! Reception staff patronising at times. buffet breakfast yummy, good selection of hot and cold items and waitressing staff very polite and helpful",Date of stay: February 2013,4.0
3449,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3450-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Good weekend rates,"I needed a hotel for a night before taking a flight from Heathrow. I normally stay in the Paddington/Bayswater area because the Heathrow Express terminates at Paddington Station. This hotel is at the station, so there is no more convenient location. However, I'd never before stayed here because it much more expensive than others in the neighbourhood. However, it turns out that they have very attractive weekend rates, which suited me this time. The room is everything you'd expect in a Hilton – modern, clean, well equipped and large by London standards. Service was friendlier that I expected from a busy business hotel.",Date of stay: February 2013,4.0
3450,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3455-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,unimpressed,I was most underwhelmed by my visit to this hotel which is very overpriced i was greeted by miserable reception staff who did not really acknowledge me at all then after checking in we decided to have a drink in the steam bar at around 8pm which we were refused entry to (due to wearing ugg boots)by some very over the top doorman there must have been at least 4 of them who were very rude and aggressive. Location fab but would not stay here again as it feels like you are in a rowdy attitude filled niteclub if you stay on a weekend as i did not what you expect from the Hilton hotel.,Date of stay: October 2012,1.0
3451,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3455-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Convenient, quick business hotel","Attending various one-day meetings in the Marble-Arch area, tried several hotels over a few months. I usually try to stay at known chains to avoid surprises. Typical drill is a red-eye in from New York, a shower and sleep, emails and calls, meetings the next day, and a departure via Heathrow the next morning to my next city. Traveling for business, wanted to be frugal, but still have a comfortable place to work, eat, and hang out. The Hilton Paddington fits the bill for me (and company expense guidelines). Will come back.  1) Location. So easy! Heathrow express rocks. 22 minutes to the airport and none of the rush-hour taxi panic attacks I've had before. That peace of mind is awesome. Used to stay at the Heathrow Hilton to make things easy. However, with the tunnel-schlep from…",Date of stay: April 2013,4.0
3452,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3455-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Luxury fading, but still ultra convenient","OK, so train and plane schedules as they are, it is mighty difficult to make a flight at Heathrow before 3pm if you have to get to the airport from the West Country on the same day.    So, you could stay at Heathrow the night before.  The best compromise I've found is to stay at the Hilton Paddington, which is the change point to catch the Heathrow Express, a 20 minute ride to the airport from Central London.  The old Hilton Paddington never surprises me.  If all you want is a comfortable sleep whilst in transit, the it's OK.  Reliably Hilton in every way.  It's better than being stuck for the evening at the airport.  However, make sure you arrive before 9:30 pm because the restaurant in the hotel shuts down except for bar service.  I've arrived there at 10:30pm after a long…",Date of stay: December 2012,4.0
3453,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3455-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,A good Hilton,"It is a Hilton - you know? But the location is perfect if you plan to use the Heathrow Express to/from Heathrow airport. It is also a great location for London. The hotel is what you would expect from a Hilton. Typical Hilton food. Expensive WIFI connections. The room I had was small (around 150 GBP all included) and kind of old fashioned, but the bed was good. It overlooked Paddington station's roof and I could hear the public speaker announcements (also during the early hours). The service though was great. Really. The front desk and the concierge were very friendly, cheerful and helpful! I would be happy to stay there again.",Date of stay: April 2013,4.0
3454,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3455-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Convenient but pricey,"This was a very convenient hotel being right at Paddington and Heathrow Express.  I hear that the room size is good for London but the sink was clogged the entire visit and I had to make 3 calls to the front desk to get it fixed. The last guy that unclogged it did the job right and was very friendly.  During the trip, I contract the Noro-virus and ended up having to stay at the hotel 2 nights longer than planned.  The front desk was not very helpful with assisting me rebook my room (and being alone and sick, I could have used some help) and the price skyrockected because I had to stay on Monday and Tuesday night- during the business week.  Overall, between the price, the so-so service and the inattention to the clogged sink, I can't give it higher than a 3 star...and that 3 star…",Date of stay: March 2013,3.0
3455,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3460-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Convenient to everything and great breakfast included,"This is so convenient when you come into Heathrow.  Take the Express straight to the hotel.  Rooms big and clean, staff helpful, and the best included breakfast I've had in any hotel.  Straight across from hotel is Underground station.  We had dinner in the restaurant one evening and it was excellent food.  Overall, very impressed.",Date of stay: August 2012,5.0
3456,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3460-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"When time counts, this is your hotel","This hotel is really about just one thing- the Heathrow Express.  But that one thing makes all the difference when you have limited time in London. A quick twenty minutes and you are at the hotel. Because this Grand Railway style hotel is on top of Paddington station. You don't even have to leave the station to get into the hotel. Beyond that, it's pretty much what you expect. The rooms are clean, the halls are long, ect. One thing- the rooms are terribly hot.  Everytime I've stayed here, we have to call for a staff member to go into the ceiling and adjust the heat. If you stay here often, they sometimes upgrade you to a ridiculously large suite that has a terrace that could accomodate 20 people. This room was bigger than my daughter's apartment in London. Room service good.",Date of stay: March 2013,4.0
3457,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3460-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Couldn't believe the front of house,"I was staying locally at Hotel Indigo but because I fancied a Sunday roast  lunch I thought I'd see if one was on offer at the nearby Hilton.  I approached the reception desk and asked the receptionist if they served Sunday roast lunches.  Her response was ""we do lunch in the Brasserie""  so I asked again whether they did Sunday roast lunches, to which she replied pretty abruptly ""I don't know you'll have to ask at the Brasserie"".  Surely it is something that front of house should know, and of she didn't why not ask a colleague or ring through to the brasserie and check?  It was really poor customer service, and based on that I walked straight out.  If this is typical of service levels at this hotel I'd strongly suggest booking elsewhere.  The staff at Hotel Indigo 2 minutes walk…",Date of stay: April 2013,1.0
3458,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3460-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Nice little business stop over,Clean quiet and professional but the internet access was daylight robbery! Location is excellent if you need access to the Station (it is part of the station!) and of course you are on top of the Underground too if you need to reach anywhere else.,Date of stay: March 2013,4.0
3459,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3460-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great place to stay in London,"Had not planned on staying at this hotel, but ended up there at 10:45pm, on a wednesday night, when i decided to check out of the hotel I was staying in nearby  the reservation process was quick and efficient, the room was large although a bit pricey (160 pounds, breakfast included), and the hotel was in an amazing location (next to Paddington station and a 5 min walk to Hyde Park)  FYI: - lots of resturants all around - District and Circle line entrance is in front of hotel - if u're coming in by train, take the Hammersmith n City line from St Pancras, it will get you to Paddington Station.  Once you've walked up the stairs, don't leave the station through the exit that's there since u'll be walking behind the station (and i didn't feel super safe walking here during the day so…",Date of stay: April 2013,4.0
3460,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3465-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"great location for Heathrow Express, with large rooms","My partner and I stayed at the Hilton London Paddington for one night due to its great location at the Heathrow Express station. It was pretty much like staying at an airport hotel, but still it central London.  Because of our status as a Diamond member with Hilton, we were upgraded to city view king room. There is no executive floor, just an executive lounge at the street entrance. (The executive lounge had a good view of the inside of Paddington Station, and had more food at it then some executive clubs I've been to.)   We originally had trouble with our key cards, and had to change rooms because of it. On the floor we were staying at (Floor 2), they were painting and the overwhelming smell of paint was everywhere, which wasn't great. There were also about five or six cleaning…",Date of stay: April 2013,4.0
3461,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3465-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Very convenient and great staffs,"We had a great time staying at the Hilton Paddington.  We've decided to stay at this hotel due to very early flight leaving London.  Heathrow Express is only 3 mins walk from the hotel to the platform. We booked their Terrace Suite, so that we can be in the same room with our 2 pre teens.  It is a 2 room suites with large terrace.  The existing bedding can only fit 3 people.  They do check how many people in the reservation prior to sending us extra bed (done quickly after our call).  The suite is in a good condition other than many (a lot) scuffs and scratches on the wall and furniture and broken blinds that should be part of the periodic maintenance.  Staffs are great.  They check us in no time with a lot of smile.  Explain to us that we have entry to the executive room. …",Date of stay: March 2013,4.0
3462,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3465-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great hotel for a transit stop,"I stayed at this hotel after arriving very late at night (on a Sunday) from Heathrow.  It was great to be 5 minutes from the Heathrow Express, and the staff we warm and efficient when the checked me in. I had an upgraded room and it did actually feel special/different ( but had no view).  The Executive lounge was good, with plenty of choice and the staff were helpful with printing. It is well placed for underground and I booked in for a second night (a sure sign that it works).  The only complaint really is the bar/lounge area looked like it was part of the station. It is widely used by people spending £2 on a coffee and sitting ther for a couple of hours to kill time, meaning hotel guests are squeezed out.  I took refuge in the executive lounge and suspect you need that access…",Date of stay: March 2013,4.0
3463,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3465-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Really rather impressed,"When my partner told me she had book at another Hilton my heart sunk. When I found out it was right next to one of the most busy railway stations in the UK it almost died.   How wrong I was. First impressions were positive, while it was busy the staff were clearly used to dealing with it and checkin was about as good as it could be.  We were fortunate to be upgraded to a better room as part of the deal.   Our room was immaculate, had everything you would want, TV with a good selection of on demand films, a mini bar, lovely bath room, huge bed, safe, ironing board etc etc.  Everywhere and I mean everywhere was immaculate, even the lifts were sparking, literally. Breakfast was as is often the case indifferent at best so if you have the option not to pay I would suggest just…",Date of stay: April 2013,4.0
3464,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3465-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Not a good experience,I needed a mini fridge in my room for medical reasons and the one they supplied did not get cool enough and kept blowing the breaker in my room.  They would just send the engineer up to turn it back on but that was never a sustainable solution. Staff not helpful.  If you just need a clean bed this place is ok but if you actually want service I would not recommend it. Oh and the heat didn't work in my room.,Date of stay: April 2013,1.0
3465,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3470-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,WiFi expensive and WiFi and HVAC did not work properly,"(1) The WiFi cost 14.99 GBP/ 24 hours and kept disconnecting our devices.  Sometimes upon attempting to reconnect, we were not allowed to re-connect until a call was made to the support desk.  (2)  The exterior temperature was approximately 0 degrees celcius. The HVAC only put heat, even in the lowest temperature setting.  The solution by the hotel was to bring us a fan and have us open a window.",Date of stay: March 2013,3.0
3466,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3470-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,PAddington Hilton,"Comfortable, excellent location. Next to train and tube station. Bus stop almost in front of the hotel. Good breakfast spread. Recommended. Only slight problem is trying to get a room for three measn needing to pay for an upgraded room. Only after some fuss did we manage to get a double room with an extra bed for a small additional fee.",Date of stay: March 2013,4.0
3467,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3470-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great Paddington Hotel,"I regularly stay at the Hilton, Paddington due primarily to its location and high quality of the hotel rooms.   The hotel is located next to Paddington mainline station, with access from the station available via a walkway.Rooms are clean and modern and complete with a bath tub and are typically size for a London hotel - being slightly small. There is broadband available, however this comes at a price, unless you are an Hilton Gold Card (or above) holder.  Staff are friendly and the breakfast is good.",Date of stay: March 2013,4.0
3468,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3470-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Good Hotel will return,"My wife and I have just returned from an Easter weekend break to London. On arrival at the hotel impressions were good. Attractive lobby area. Check-in was fast and efficient. Entering deeper in to the hotel from the lobby area brings you to the lifts. The most attractive lift doors I have ever seen. Room 225. Our room had just been redecorated and refurbished. A decent size room nicely furnished. Comfortable twin beds, flat screen tv, complimentary coffee and tea making facilities. The Breakfast/Dining area is attractive. We were taken to our table and Coffee and Orange juice was served to us by the waiter. The selection of food available was impressive both hot and cold. I had full English the choice and quality of which was amazing. One of the best breakfasts if not the best…",Date of stay: March 2013,4.0
3469,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3470-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Quick layover in London,"We booked a room here because we had a 12+ hour layover in London on our way to Italy and had to switch aiports (Heathrow to Gatwick). We wanted a place to rest put our bags down and sleep for a few hours before continuing our trip.  The room was clean, updated and a decent size. Unfortunately, the heat didn't seem to be adjustable and the room was unbelievably hot.  The hotel is convenient since it's attached to the train station and there were several good restaurants nearby.",Date of stay: March 2013,4.0
3470,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3475-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great location!,"My wife and I loved Hilton Paddington! We stayed during the second week of March and we found the hotel to be really convenient and cosy. The rooms were not huge, but they were comfortable and cosy. The bathroom was big for European standards and well equipped. In particular, the pillows were great and we had a good rest eve very night.   There was nothing to fault about the location. It was right at Paddington station and that made our travels really convenient. It was 30 mins away from the airport by Heathrow connect and it was 15 mins way from Oxford circus and Bond street. Restaurants littered the area right outside the hotel though I'd not recommend all of them. If you need to find a good place for a meal, check the concierge and they'll make you a recommendation.  …",Date of stay: March 2013,5.0
3471,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3475-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great value for money,Our room was extremely large considering other places I've stayedwhere it's like a closet for an outrageous price... With Paddington located next door getting to the tube or any location within London was farely easy... Staff were great and helpful. Everything was clean as expected and bed was comfortable... Have no complaints....,Date of stay: November 2012,5.0
3472,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3475-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Easy location, Outrageous internet charges","While the location is great if you are arriving from LHR and want to take the Heathrow Express...  the in room internet fees are extremely high compared to other hotels.  (15 GBP/$23USD) at the time of this writing, per day, per device.  There is also a charge if you want to use the printer to print your boarding pass.   The decor is average but needs updating soon.   The HE station is connected to the hotel for easy transfers and the tube station is directly across the street from the front of the hotel.",Date of stay: March 2013,2.0
3473,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3475-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Overall, Very Good",Really enjoyed our one night stay in this hotel on 24/3/13. Excellent size of room and spotlessly clean.  However our room (354) was at the side of the hotel 3 floors directly above the service entrance. We were woken at 6.00am by some idiot tipping glass bottles from one container into another on and off for about 20 minutes. Poor show !!  Would have been very aggreived if we'd paid full price. Next time will ask for room at back.,Date of stay: March 2013,4.0
3474,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3475-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Super Convenient, Super comfort 超方便，超舒適","I am writing this review in my hotel room at Hilton Paddington. I will leave this morning transit to Istanbul. I stay in this hotel for 2 nights.  Down below me is the busyness of Paddington Station, i stay in the 2nd floor, and it is so quiet. I stay in many hotels but i have never experience the sound proof is so good. Just down 2 floors, you enter a world you can have any thing....fruits, drugs store....flowers for your friend and don't forget, the famous Paddington bear. The breakfast is surprising good, staffs are effective and friendly, super convenient location, you take Heathrow Express from the airport, 20mins to Paddington station and without walking out the station, 5 mins later, you are in your room. The room also give me a very peaceful atmosphere that help me to…",Date of stay: March 2013,5.0
3475,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3480-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Really unimpressed,"We stayed here one night in Dec whilst transiting back home. I have stayed at Hilton hotels in the States and was really appalled at the terrible, cold service I received from front desk at check in. A smile would have been nice. At least, the concierge was a little more welcoming the next morning,  The hotel felt like a mausoleum and this was over Xmas, a little cheerful background music in your lobby might add some ambiance. The room smelled of damp, and the toilet leaked. The air conditioning didn't work, so we were forced to huddle in a cold room the entire night. When one is spending one night, one really does not want to spend half of it complaining to reception. The only positive is the location, it's linked to Paddington via the Heathrow Express which really is…",Date of stay: December 2012,2.0
3476,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3480-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Loved It,I absolutely love this hotel.  After arriving from my transatlantic flight early in the morning the hotel very quickly checked me into my room in a very quiet section of the hotel so I could sleep.  The location is great and it is connected to the Paddington Underground station so you can get anywhere you need to be by just going downstairs.    The executive lounge is fantastic and overlooks the station and the restaurant and bar are very good for drinks or meals.  I actually changed my plans so I could stay another 2 days at the end of my trip.  I look forward to returning to London so I can stay at this hotel again.,Date of stay: February 2013,5.0
3477,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3480-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Convenient location,"Hilton Standard Business Hotel next to Paddington Station. Spacious Room with nice view and terrace. Friendly and helpful staff. Fast checkout. Downside: Terrible plumbing, the water was extremely hot and had a funny odour to it.",Date of stay: March 2013,4.0
3478,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3480-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Gets my vote,"Stayed here as the hotel I had made a reservation in had double booked. Very central location, right next to Paddington mainline and underground station. Its a city centre hotel so don't expect the personable stuff but all the staff were very efficient, check in and out a dream with no hanging around.  Rooms very clean, modern and well equipped. TV, kettle, tea-coffee etc. Bed extremely comfy! Breakfast in terms of service and the food on offer was excellent.  Whenever I have stayed in London noise from outside is always a challenge, my room faced onto Paddington Railway Station but I wasn't overly aware of excess noise, you probably wouldn't want to have a window open though.  Only stayed here the one night but would definitely go back.",Date of stay: March 2013,4.0
3479,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3480-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great hotel shame about noise,"Weekend away in hilton paddington on an organised trip from work. Hotel room 269 spotless and great location. No Que at breakfast even though hotel was very busy. Got back to hotel on Saturday night, hotel lobby quiet, went to room and music very loud in room, could hear dj announcing songs.rang reception informed us that it would finish at 11,at 11 15 called again for someone to come and listen in the room so they could see how loud music was. Went to reception at 11 30 and staff said nothing they could do about it. Would not come to room and listen. Music finally stopped around 12 30 At no time during our stay did we have any station noise as our room was on second floor at rear off hotel overlooking station. Steam bar was at front of hotel. On return contacted Hilton via…",Date of stay: March 2013,3.0
3480,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3485-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Nice Hilton but vastly overpriced,"I used to stay at this Hilton often but haven't in recent year because the prices have gone through the roof, way disproportionately to other properties.  I did stay recently though and liked it just as much as I used to. The staff were friendly and helped me plan a nice surprise for my wife's birthday.  The room they put us in was much much bigger than other rooms I had stayed in the past, so that was a nice surprise also.  The bathtub was also enormous!  That was a very nice surprise.  My only complaints were that I would have liked to have gotten a wifi signal in the room, even if I had to pay for it myself, but there was no signal available.  The only other problems was that the shower had a tendency to change to blisteringly hot on a moment's notice, then back again, maybe…",Date of stay: March 2013,4.0
3481,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3485-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,It's All In The Name,"The name of this hotel - Hilton London Paddington - pretty well sums up the good and bad points about this hotel.  First the good, being at the terminus of the Heathrow Express at Paddington Station you can walk off the train and be in your hotel room is less than ten minutes.  The overall location in Paddington Station is very convenient in London and the hotel is well-connected to the London Underground as well.  Rooms do vary, but you can get some rather nice ones for less than you would spend elsewhere in London.  If you are making day trips from London to other places in England, this hotel serves as a nice base.  The bad is also captured in the hotel's name and that is, being a part of Paddington Station, the hotel lobby can take on the environment of a bus or train…",Date of stay: March 2013,4.0
3482,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3485-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Good central London hotel,"Good location, bus stop outside front door, underground across the road, plenty of reasonably priced restaurants  close by. Hotel was very nice  - good service, prompt booking in/out, lovely spacious room. The only down side was the average breakfast and the plates for the hot food were cold ( why do hotels never get this right?) Would I return - yes - definately",Date of stay: March 2013,4.0
3483,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3485-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Missed Doorman in Grey Overcoat,This is not a review..  Not having ever having stayed there .  This is not a review. Where is Hilton Hotel in Paddington's black Doorman?  He was there for years.  Missed. We used to see him from across the road outside Paddington Underground Station. I think he is/was a great character playing his part in assisting travellers/visitors/guests in hailing taxis for guests outside the Hotel.  Always immaculately dressed for his role.  Sheila Charles London,Date of stay: March 2013,5.0
3484,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3485-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Nice central London hotel - great bedrooms!,"Stayed here for one night in early March - arrived late in the evening and after some initial problems with my booking, I was given a standard room which I actually thought was an executive room as it was very nicely appointed and furnished. I even had a fantastic view of the top of Paddington station from my bedroom, which looked great - especially at night.  Breakfast was fantastic with a live cooking station for Omelettes etc - I loved it.  Highly recommended hotel if a little pricey. Great location, great bedrooms!!",Date of stay: March 2013,4.0
3485,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3490-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great location and generally efficient,"The reason I stayed at the Hilton Paddington is the location. You take the Heathrow Express from LHR, and in 20 minutes you are at the hotel. You can take the escalator up from Paddington Station, and it takes you right to the hotel lobby. This is a huge boon and allows you to plan to day better (getting in and out of London gets very predictable).  Outside of that, the hotel itself is not exactly wow. Its functional. Breakfast is the usual, the internet is charged for but works well in the hotel rooms, and the rooms themselves are not really big but decent.  I also ordered room service one day - it was quick, and the food decent. The hotel was also quick to turnaround requests like ironing suits, etc.  If I am back in London for work, I would definitely stay here again.",Date of stay: March 2013,3.0
3486,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3490-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,A great location in London,"We enjoyed 4 delightful nights in London at this hotel.  A very comfortable hotel in a great location.  Our bedroom was a bit small, but quite functional, and very well equipped.  The bathroom was fine.  Great tub & shower.  Free wi-fi in the lobby, a very good restaurant and comfortable coctail lounge in the lobby.  There is an indoor connection between the hotel and Paddington Station.  Inside Paddington Station is a passageway to the Tube, London's subway system, and numerous trains including one that is an express train direct to Heathrow Airport.   There are numerous shops, inexpensive restaurants, and a couple of small grocery stores inside of Paddington Station.  We saved money by purchasing some basic foods and taking them back to our room for a few of our meals.  …",Date of stay: January 2013,4.0
3487,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3490-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Excellent stay,Stayed here during the first weekend in March. Since we landed at Heathrow Airport in the evening it was perfect for us that the hotel was incorporated into Paddington train station. Saved for us for a long and tiresome journey on the tube. Stayed for 3 nights but because of various reasons I had three seperate bookings. One for each night. I feared that this might would become a challenge during check-in in case we had to change room from one night to the other. But the guy at the Front Office did a terrific job and managed to let us stay in the same room for the entire stay.  Because I am a Hilton Honors Gold member I was also upgraded which was much appricated.  The room in question was large and had a nice bathroom with the usual Hilton amenties. In terms of service I did…,Date of stay: March 2013,5.0
3488,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3490-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Overpriced not that good for Hilton Chain,Stayed for one night a lovely room but we was told the only one that was left which was a interconnecting one. No heating in room 426 but was quiet. No bath and a disabled shower which wasnt informed to us when booking in.We informed staff in the morning that there wasnt any heating in this room only to be told if we had rang down they would have changed rooms when we ha already been informed there wasnt any:/ so wasnt impressed so paid and left!!,Date of stay: March 2013,2.0
3489,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3490-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Solid quality,"Stayed here as a single traveller for a Monday morning business meeting.  Best bit was the bed - so comfortable! A warm and friendly greeting was very welcoming when I arrived on Sunday night straight off the Heathrow express - the Hotel has an entrance inside the station. I was even offered a choice of which floor I wanted ( there are 6) so I asked for the highest and got 5. The higher you are the better the view and the further you are from the traffic, so unless you have seen the towering inferno recently this is the best policy! No sky sports on the TV, but if you have sky go on your computer or tablet then you can use the free wifi in the public areas. Unfortunately unless you are a privileged guest, then you've got to pay for it in the rooms. As I expected, the drinks were…",Date of stay: March 2013,4.0
3490,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3495-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Business in Paddington,"What a beautiful hotel. It was a pleasure staying there. I cannot even think about anything bad, except mushy peas. Who ever thought of that (yuk). Breakfast was very good, every luxury you need. I do wish the Brits would learn what a over-medium fried egg is though. Other than that, the location was very good, but the traffic at best a pain in the neck. I’d definitely stay there again.",Date of stay: July 2012,4.0
3491,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3495-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,the perfect hotel to stay in for connection to Heathrow,"Firstly, I have rated this hotel so highly as it is one of the most conveniently situated city hotels for an airport connection.  There are other hotels that are actually attached to an airport terminal but leaving this option aside, if you are traveling in/out of Heathrow, even for an early morning flight AND you are not able to get one of the hotels that are are adjacent to one of the airport terminals (e.g. so that you just walk from hotel to airport), this is the best hotel to stay in and I am including the hotels that are actually so-called 'airport' hotels.  Let me explain here why.  When you arrive at Heathrow, in order to access any of the airport hotels (notwithstanding the 2 that are actually attached to terminals 4 (Hilton) and 5 (Sofitel) then you will have to take…",Date of stay: March 2013,4.0
3492,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3495-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Crawling on the floor searching for plugs,"I stayed here for 1 night on business because the location is very convenient for travelling from and to Heathrow on the Heathrow express. You can be from airport to room in half an hour.  Hotel itself is your average business hotel. Friendly and attentive staff and a nice ""quick check-out"" service. Unfortunately the internet connection set-up is complicated and expensive. It costs 15 pounds per device (!) for 24 hours. That's an expensive affair if you have multiple phones, tablets, laptop. Come on guys, many people stay at a business hotel  for work. Why not make it easier to get connected? Tray service is 5 pounds, which is not cheap, but I wouldn't mind it if there were better internet options.  Then the recurrent issue of... Plugs. There is 1 (!!) electricity outlet at the…",Date of stay: March 2013,3.0
3493,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3495-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,A great stay,"I stayed here in October 2012 and didn't have the greatest of experiences and hence posted a review of ""ok for one night"". I stayed here again recently for one night and was very pleasantly surprised by what a completely different experience I had, I was upgraded and the room was more of an executive type with a study area on the side and it was immaculate. Service was superb, staff were excellent - I really cannot believe this is the same hotel -- location is perfect for the places I needed to get to and of course right on Paddington Station for Heathrow access via the express. Food and service were all excellent and even though you are in a busy part of London the room was quiet. All in all a great experience and I will stay there again on my next upcoming trip to London.",Date of stay: March 2013,4.0
3494,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3495-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,A Huge Stylish Hotel,"Yes - its nice.  I stayed one night on business and although it was just a quick stay (late arriving - early leaving) everthing seemed OK.  Nice big room, very stylish art deco, very clean - well you would expect this for the price.  Unlike many hotels, the air con was efficient and quiet which makes a big difference to the sleep quality.",Date of stay: March 2013,4.0
3495,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3500-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Big but nice hotel,"I had a nice stay in this hotel, breakfast was very nice, every luxury you need. The gym is fine but a pitty that it s only open untill 11pm (you can only access via an extra visit at the check in desk, bizar !) They are working on 1 side of the hotel but there is no noise in the hotel. (till 2014)",Date of stay: March 2013,4.0
3496,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3500-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Continuing to impress...,"In my last review I stated that its main selling point is location, but after staying there again it seems they're really trying to up the customer focus.  I noticed more staff in the lobby and much more attentive F & B staff.  Wether this was down to our high spend in the restaurant & bar or not it really was an enjoyable night. Staff were happy to make cocktails off the menu, going well out of their way to furnish them with fruits and just going that extra mile.  Previously being Indian owned and run you could often see that they were not sure how to run the bar area, BUT it has vastly improved.  IF they now upgraded the suites and made them more 'suite-worthy' they will get 5* from me. If you are having a balcony for the suites make sure they can be lit up and used for…",Date of stay: December 2012,4.0
3497,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3500-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Work and leisure,I was having a work+leisure combination for 4 nights. Prompt service with great location. Leisure part with son allso good . Footballweekend worked. To make ut perfect Spurs won Aresenal. Higher floors recommended to avoid trafficnoise. Would I go back... Yes Im in 3 weeks.,Date of stay: March 2013,5.0
3498,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3500-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Location, Location, Location - unbeatable.","I booked this hotel because of his location – next to Paddington station. That was the main reason. I didnt have any other expectations as i stayed just for one night. BUT i was very positively surprised by everything there. The check in was very fast. The room was nice and quiet. We asked for laundry service and they were very quick. Everything we asked in the hotel was very quickly done.   As i already wrote the hotel has an amazing location. If you arrive from Heathrow at padington, the hotel is just opposite the station. It is very comfortable as you don’t need to travel by taxi, metro to any other hotel. Also it is very practical when you check out. You leave your luggage there and just before your flight to Heathrow you stop there, take your luggage and in 5 minutes you…",Date of stay: December 2012,5.0
3499,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3500-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Good place in London,"If you need to be in the Paddington area, for business or access to the railway this is an excellent choice.  Plenty of history in this old GWR hotel (the mural in the lounge is a favourite piece of art).  The staff are very good, and welcoming, the rooms are excellent, breakfast is very good (although expensive) and the lounge has a real buzz about it.",Date of stay: January 2013,4.0
3500,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3505-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Comfortable and Convenient,"I arrived at Heathrow and had to catch a train from Paddington the next day, so this was a logical choice.  The hotel is very easy to find, just go up the escalator to the shopping area at the front of the station, and there it is, over a glass bridge.  All plush carpet and chrome inside, they have clearly gone art-deco with the decor. Check in was very easy and quick, and my room large, well furnished, comfortable and scrupulously clean. There was a large flat-screen TV, arm chair and ample desk space. An accommodating en-suite bathroom, well supplied with nice toiletries. But why the glitter in the shower gel?!  Breakfast was buffet style, but there was a very large choice. I went for the full english, and two types of sausage, two types of bacon, eggs fried, scrambled and…",Date of stay: February 2013,4.0
3501,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3505-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Just OK! Good Location for BUSINESS.,"Excellent choice if you plan on taking train for meetings outside of London from Paddington. The hotel is attached to the station where plenty of coffee and fast food options are available early in the AM. Euston is also 4-5 stations away by Underground. this is a good option for a BUSINESS traveler. The service level with front-desk and bell were above expectations. The cleaning staff however is abrasive in their interactions. The rooms were a bit tattered and required updating.  No one is perfect and this hotel was far from it as such. What distibguishes a property from another is the way management responds to complaints and resolves issues. On that front, I found the General Manager exceptionally accessible and customer service oriented.  He gave me every reason to return to…",Date of stay: February 2013,3.0
3502,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3505-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great Pad in Paddington,"When visiting London for our annual weekend away we have always stayed at the Hilton Metropole on Edgware road however on this occasion there were no rooms available so we decided to stay at the Hilton Paddington.  The hotel has been recently refurbished and looks good, our room was very nice and all the normal things that we have come to expect from the Hilton brand. Staff were very pleasant and helpful and you could not fault them in any way. We only ate at breakfast time and this was also very good. The location of the hotel is good for both the main station and to get to the centre of London. From now on we shall stay at the Hilton Paddington.",Date of stay: February 2013,5.0
3503,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3505-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great stay - Ideal location on Paddington station.,Great location if you arrive from the west by train. Easy access from the station. Good breakfast area. Upgrade to a better room and access the executive lounge - it's well worth the extra. Very easy access to bus and tube connections to central london.,Date of stay: February 2013,5.0
3504,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3505-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Ideal location for London and Heathrow,"Big busy Hotel right at Paddington Station-trains to Heathrow and the West of England but close by West End Hyde Park and so on for tourists. Good welcome, nice room, small but I know that's the case in London. I asked for quiet location and there is an inner courtyard view that was perfect. I can imagine that the street facing rooms might have a lot of Traffic noise here. Exec lounge was good with friendly staff and decent food and an interesting view over the station itself. Its a good place to hold informal meetings in the coffee lounge area which serves light food -I have held meetings here several times and it works well if the subject is not so highly confidential that you need a meeting room. Check out was fast and efficient, the concierge knew his stuff. I will return",Date of stay: February 2013,4.0
3505,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3510-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Undergoing renovations, but location is excellent","Well, lets start off with the positive.  Having a hotel located adjacent to Paddington station is excellent. No taxi required to get to the hotel and the neighborhood is vibrant. But, it is not so close to downtown ( just a tube ride away) and some rooms are undergoing  renovation. Or if you are in the wrong room, you have a view of an inner courtyard and some AC units. But you are next to Paddington Station ( did I mention that) and can get anywhere in London with just a tube ride or so. The staff are very friendly and always there to help.  Do yourself a favor and stay there on your next London jaunt. You will be rewarded for your decision.",Date of stay: January 2013,3.0
3506,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3510-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Loved this hotel!,"Stayed for 2 nights with a large group of friends. Great hotel, lovely rooms, fab breakfast, very clean. Ideal for getting around London, tube and bus right outside. Nothing to fault, would definitely stay here again.",Date of stay: February 2013,5.0
3507,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3510-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,It really is as good as the reviews...,"Lots of people have liked this hotel and with good reason.  From our early arrival, being invited to check in at the executive desk due to a queue, to being given a room even though it was before lunch, it lives up to expectations.  We had a standard room, but the decor was lovely, there was plenty of room including a bar fridge and lots of different choices in tea and coffee (including a coffee maker).  Lovely thick towels and top quality bathroom products.  Dinner in the restaurant was quite special though the waitstaff could have done with a little extra training.  Wine glasses shouldn't be filled to the top!  But how many places actually give you fish knives and forks these days?The whole sole was a treat.  Wish I'd had room for dessert as I've always wanted to have Eton…",Date of stay: February 2013,4.0
3508,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3510-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Good examples of Art Deco (not a bad hotel either),"Thoroughly enjoyed our stay in this hotel (which we have stayed at quite a few times before). Location is good if you enter London by train into Paddington. Good underground links to wherever you want to go in London (although if you know your way, the walk to Oxford street passes some impressive examples of Georgian London buildings). Hotel rooms are good and have an Art Deco touch to them... and the restrooms on the first floor above reception are superb. Only thing I would say is be wary of lower floor rooms at the weekend if there is a function on.",Date of stay: January 2013,4.0
3509,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3510-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Near Big bus stop and Railway Station,"Situated in the heart of city. Unparalleled convenience from the airport traveling via Heathrow Express train which stops ""inside the hotel"". Never been to any such hotel before, which opens to a railway station inside.  Stayed as part of research meetings. Cozy comfortable conference halls. Free wifi in the lobby. Numerous shops and restaurants nearby. Rooms are really big and spacious but mine was situated far away...",Date of stay: February 2013,4.0
3510,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3515-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Handy for Paddington Station,I was a walk in so was grateful for the room. The room was ok when I got there. Just stayed for a night but was happy and relaxed when I woke. I didn't use any of the serveces and didn't stay for breakfast so can't comment. However the back door of the hotel goes straight in the train station so very easy to get my early train in the morning.,Date of stay: December 2012,4.0
3511,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3515-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,A Palace of a Place,"This was our first stay in the Hilton London Paddington, and hopefully won't be our last. Having stayed in many hotels during our visits to London we are well aware of the shortcomings of hotels in capital cities, overly expensive, with small rooms, over used, and in need of refurbishment. This Hilton was indeed an oasis in the desert. We arrived 2 hours before the official check-in time, but our room was ready, what a bonus. The staff were pleasant, clean and tidy with a smile and a warm welcome. The reception desk was quiet however I think it is a bit small for a hotel of this size, and had it been busier there was a possibility of a log jam. The room was excellent, much larger than expected, with internet access and a room safe. The double glazing kept out the noise and we…",Date of stay: February 2013,5.0
3512,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3515-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,I still really love this hotel,"I'm not entirely sure whether I should keep reviewing this property each time I return, but it remains consistently very good indeed. Although I did not get a room upgrade this time, the room I had was quite spacious, perfectly clean and pleasingly quiet. Had exec lounge access and enjoyed the warm snacks in the evening and the breakfast with delicious fresh croissants. I don't think twice about coming back here - providing the rates have not drifted up too much for my chosen dates!",Date of stay: February 2013,5.0
3513,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3515-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Average and expensive,"Very convenients stay if you are on business and travelling to Heathrow - quick connection with Heathrow express in ca 20 mins.   However as many UK hotels, they are worn and have dirty carpets. The Hilton Paddington is an Ok place to stay, but you pay (too much) for the location",Date of stay: May 2012,3.0
3514,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3515-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Clean, comfortable and convienent to Heathrow.","Had the pleasure of staying here on an overnight layover on my way home. Chose the hotel due to the reviews here and the proximity to the Heathrow Express. Was definitely pleased with that decision!  Check in was a breeze and was given a room based on my preferences - high floor away from elevator - well it certainly was away from the elevator as I had to walk through what felt like a mile long labyrinth to get to my room. Ha! No worries though as the room was very quiet, clean and had a big, comfy king bed. Only complaint was that the tv only had but a few channels.  Location was good lots of small pubs and middle eastern restaurants nearby so food options were good. Attached to Paddington Station so it's very easy to catch a train.  Had breakfast in the executive lounge…",Date of stay: February 2013,4.0
3515,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3520-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Fantastic location,"Stayed there for 2 nights with my husband. The staff at the reception desk were pretty efficient and I managed to get a room upgrade for free. The room (423 I think) was clean and nicely furnished. However that particular room didn't have much of a view as it overlooked a construction site.  Location wise, you probably can't ask for anything better. The hotel is literally a few steps away from Paddington station and there are loads of restaurants and delis in Praed St and Edgware Rd. The only problem I had was with concierge because they took ages to send my suitcase to the room. However the matter got resolved and they apologized so all is well.",Date of stay: February 2013,4.0
3516,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3520-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great customer service,"I recently stayed one night at the Hilton Paddington.  It was my first time at the hotel, and location was the primary reason I stayed there - I had an early flight from LHR and it was easy to jump on the Express first thing in the morning.  From that perspective, worked perfectly, exactly as planned.  Room was clean, decent size from London standards, and updated.  I had an issue (external to the hotel) the evening I stayed there, and the night managment/staff went above and beyond in trying to help me as well as put my mind at ease until the issue was resolved.  I thank the team, as your empathy was very much appreciated, as well as your efforts to help with an issue that was outside the hotel's control.",Date of stay: February 2013,5.0
3517,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3520-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great venue for business meetings,"This is the 3rd time I've used this hotel for meetings. In a nut shell - useful location, next to Paddington station, competitive meeting rates, helpful staff, good food - all the items that make running a meeting work. Only downside - limited parking. Room very comfortable with tea and coffee and mini bar. We will no doubt use this hotel again.",Date of stay: June 2012,4.0
3518,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3520-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great Location for city and Heathrow,"We stayed at the Paddington Hilton in December 2012. We had booked an executive king room and received a nice surprise on arrival to discover we had been upgraded to a terrace suite. We only stayed 1 night and had a late arrival so we didn't have as much time as we would have liked to enjoy the upgrade!  The suite was spacious with comfy bed, bathroom small for a suite but pretty standard for London hotels. The bonus was the large terrace with views over the London rooftops, pretty chilly when we were there but it would be great in warmer weather.  As mentioned in other reviews, the location is very good, expecially for access to the Heathrow Express - only 15 minutes from Heathrow airport with easy an walk to Hyde Park, Oxford street and many other places are a short taxi ride…",Date of stay: December 2012,4.0
3519,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3520-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Excellent choice for Heathrow,"Travelling early morning out of Heathrow this was an excellent choice, Exec room up to the usuals high standard. The staff were incredibly helpful, they found us a trolley opened all the doors to the station. Room and service excellent. You could not wish for a better location for getting to Heathrow with ease. Time from leaving room to arrival Ter 3 Heathrow, 25 mins !",Date of stay: February 2013,5.0
3520,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3525-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Perfect hotel for Heathrow,"Stayed for one night before a flight from Heathrow. It is perfect as a Heathrow hotel, walking straight out and onto the Heathrow Express is a quicker way to the terminal than most of the hotels actually at Heathrow! I wouldn't necessarily stay here for a leisure break, if you do book an upgraded room as the standard rooms are quite small. I like the Art Deco styling and the staff are very attentive and helpful.",Date of stay: February 2013,4.0
3521,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3525-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Lovely and very convenient!,"We stayed at the Hilton London Paddington during our stay this past summer. It was a vacation for the Olympics. The hotel was very clean, beds were very comfortable, breakfast was fabulous, Starbucks on sight, and EXCELLENT location!! Service was great. Highly recommended!",Date of stay: July 2012,4.0
3522,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3525-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Great Location For Travelers. Weird Lobby ""Policy.""","We booked the Hilton Paddington Station because we were also traveling to Cardiff, Wales, and were looking for a convenient location close to the train station. This couldn't be more convenient, as it is literally right in the train station. You do not even have to leave the building to enter the hotel lobby (although there is street acceess as well). As far as its location in London itself, we found it perfect for exploring the West End, and it's just a few blocks from Hyde Park. Portabella Road is a 10-minute walk. There are plenty of great Lebanese, Indian, and Fish and Chips take-away restaurants very close by.  We stayed for 3 nights, and then visited Wales. We returned from Wales and spent 2 more nights. The hotel stored our excess luggae for us while we traveled to…",Date of stay: July 2012,4.0
3523,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3525-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Nice staff, noisy room, ridiculous pre-charge","This hotel is very well located for anyone travelling via Paddington station, and there is even a footbridge connecting the two buildings. However, this also has a downside as it's a very busy station and my room seemed to be above one of the main roads into the station, so was very noisy late into the night - plus some kind of alarm went off at 2am from the station/constructions workers the first night I stayed there.  I was also horrified to find that they pre-charged my credit card over £550.00, without even warning me, and this is still showing on my card 4 days later.   However, the staff were all very nice, the breakfast was OK and it's a nice enough hotel, although not worth the price I'm sure. I certainly wouldn't stay there for a leisure trip.",Date of stay: January 2013,3.0
3524,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3525-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Does the job,Does the job being so close to the station. Room could do with a refresh from a wallpaper perspective. Perfectly functional for a business trip. Would not recommend for a visit to London for non business travellers.,Date of stay: January 2013,3.0
3525,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3530-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"OK, but rather impersonal","Greatest advantage of this hotel is the excellent location! Just take the Heathrow Express to Paddington and then a quick walk to the hotel. The hotel is clean and well kept, but the rooms very small. The lifts are few and well frequented at rush hours (equal to long waits).",Date of stay: February 2013,3.0
3526,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3530-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Excellent Hotel,"Hilton Paddington is a lovely hotel, you can get off train at paddington station and walk right in. Rooms were very comfortable and clean. We had breakfast and dinner on first night, which had a great selection and was very enjoyable. The only gripe was the drinks were very over priced. There is a casino in the hotel and it was cheaper to have a drink there. A great hotel if visiting London, in a good location.",Date of stay: October 2012,5.0
3527,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3530-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Very good location,"We been staying a week there and I  must say it was a very good experience. Nice and clean rooms, housekeeping very effective and very good located, just in front of Paddington underground station. The restaurant in average. Breakfast average. I would stay there again.",Date of stay: December 2012,4.0
3528,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3530-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Excellent location,"Stayed for one night following some business meetings before taking a flight from Heathrow. Check in very efficient, room was quiet and comfortable. The food in the restaurant was OK if not a little overpriced.  Breakfast was the usual Hilton standard.  The great benefit of this hotel is the location for trains, the underground and Heathrow express.",Date of stay: January 2013,4.0
3529,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3530-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Look no further for a good hotel.,Friendly efficient staff. Good clean rooms and comfortable beds. I have had an enjoyable and comfortable stay. Room service and housekeeping were quick to respond to needs and orders. this is a well run hotel and I will stay here from now on. The location is close to trains and underground. ,Date of stay: January 2013,5.0
3530,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3535-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,I feel like Home,"Hilton this time impressed me, it is a family hotel; my son is 11 year old and had a good time with all the staff. I will  say 90% of them were not from england but they all spoke well english. The location of the hotel it is great, in front of the hotel is the PADDINGTON underground station, on the left side the paddington Train station, if you arrived at Heatrow airport you can take the undergraound from there and get off at the paddington station and  saved about 70. In front of the I found a great place to exchange money great rate. On the left it is a Subway, KFC , BK , Mc Donald and the right a Starbucks, what else do we need?   Near by Great PUBS...",Date of stay: January 2013,5.0
3531,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3535-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,What's happened ?,"Room smelt damp and musty . Shower had mould. Was told its only a little bit. Wifi does NOT work in room we had .Were told yet again though as we were gold HH we are not paying for it any way so too sad basically . No offer to change room. Returned 2 nights later to an acceptable and clean smelling room , still wifi was an issue though . It's a great hotel if you are given a room that's been maintained . Executive lounge staff were wonderful as was the breakfast . It's a hit and miss .1 night was ghastly and the other fantastic so unlikely to return.",Date of stay: December 2012,3.0
3532,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3535-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,High standard as always,"I stay here a lot. Love the hotel, love the staff and most of the rooms (some have yet to be refurbished). It is a great base, connected to Paddington where the Heathrow Express arrives and departs. You are also connected to several underground lines.",Date of stay: January 2013,5.0
3533,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3535-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Read the fine print...,"This is my favorite London hotel! The location is fabulous, the decor is quite pleasant and the staff is very helpful. my only complaint is that sometimes I qualify for the breakfast and sometimes I don't. Its all in the fine print whn booking andI've learned to always bring a copy of my booking receipt. The breakfast is delicious, convenient, but not worth the ten pound charge. The area is surrounded by great coffe houses and there's even a McDonalds  next door if one needs to grab a quick breakfast before taking the train.",Date of stay: September 2012,4.0
3534,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3535-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Excellent weekend break,We are always cautious/ fearful about London hotels having had bad experiences. The Hilton Paddington though proved we had nothing to fear this time. We asked for an early check in and got it- we asked for quiet room and got it on floor 6 with a free upgrade to a deluxe room. The rooms were lovely and service and breakfast excellent. The staff were very customer focused and we really enjoyed our weekend break there. Even the welcome touch of- 'we are exopecting you sir' was a good first impression. Well done to the staff and team there.,Date of stay: January 2013,5.0
3535,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3540-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Paddington Hilton- Great Room and Great Location,"We have stayed here many times and it seems to get better each time.  Of course there is always the convenience of Heathrow Express (every 15 minutes, 15 minute trip to Heathrow-without having to go outside since station is attached to hotel) though it has gotten a bit more pricy (£19- about $32 per person) but still a lot cheaper than a taxi (about  £55 – or  $92 per car) and the convenience of the underground and other trains in the same building as hotel. The hotel is towards the end of what seems to be a significant rehab. We had what we considered the nicest room we ever had here, even though it probably was the smallest room we ever had here (but still large and comfortable).  The king sized bed  & bed linens were   great   and very comfortable. The shower power was fine…",Date of stay: November 2012,5.0
3536,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3540-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Excelent location for transportation conveneince to all areas,"I always stay in this hotel whenever visiting London. The Hilton trade mark speaks of itself, covering all the good about this chain. Additionally, this is so conveniently connected. Just 15 minutes journey from heathrow to Hilton Paddington. And when you come out, your are right inside the hotel without any exposure to the prevailing weather effects. Further connections for other locations are also available through underground railway. The area outside is also good for on the go eating out with chains like McDonalds and KFC to Subway and ofcourse the famous Steak House right in front of the hotel. The place arround is very lively even up to midnight. I love the place and shall be looking forward for my next visit",Date of stay: January 2013,5.0
3537,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3540-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Fabulous hotel,"I had an unwanted night in London, as majority of flights was cancelled due to a bit of snowfall. However, as the German airline was not willing / able to assist with the Hotel, I decided to book quickly the Hilton, which I saw the day prior. Big plus point was, that the hotel I stayed before was not that perfect. The reception was very nice, they also provided me a toothbrush on request and the room was spacious, nice and warm. The close proximity to Paddington station, made it easily possible the next morning as well to return to the airport, all in all, this was really a perfect hotel for a good price! Can really recommend it. Even a hotel I would stay in on a vacation, due to the nice and friendly hotel and of course the connection possibilities with the tube and trains! Big…",Date of stay: January 2013,5.0
3538,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3540-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Excellent Brand Value,This hotel is located at Paddington..almost heart of London...  Very good building structure...rooms are very nice...  Service is okayish...cant compare to few others...  Gives a very good feeling after staying in this hotel.,Date of stay: February 2012,5.0
3539,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3540-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"nice location, great service and people","I am staying for business in that hotel, and I like that this is more than just another Hilton hotel. People deliver great service and really care about the customers. I like the atmosphere at the bar with the piano. the restaurant provides good food for money and ofer dishes for people who are under diet ( the chicken was really good)  th fitness center is rather large for a london hotel and offer last generation of treadmils.  too bad that the wifi is charged at this 15£ rate, but when you're a hilton HH Gold , then it is complementary.  i would definitely come back in this hotel.",Date of stay: January 2013,4.0
3540,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3545-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,nicer than you`d think,"We stay in many Hiltons and have stayed in one a mile or so down the road, which is cheaper.  Stayed here as we were arriving at LHR quite late and it seemed handy to the train station rather than walking in the dark to the other Hilton (Metropole).  It`s more expensive than the other one but we used points and were upgraded to a nice spacious room.  I imagine the regular rooms are just smaller.  We didn`t spend much time in the hotel, but it`s generally very nicely decorated, much nicer than the Metropole down the road, though that one is handy and a good deal if you`re not arriving late at night.   Accessing this hotel was a nuisance as it`s not well marked, and the sign in the station didn`t point in the right direction!!. We were sent all across the train station, up some…",Date of stay: December 2012,4.0
3541,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3545-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Excellent choice for a business stay for its location and services provided.,"wi-fi connectivity in the room, rich breakfast and quality in the service. Very satisfactory level of information and assistance in the concierge. Try to book rooms in the top floors as even at late night you might be annoyed from the street noise as this hotel is located near the Paddington station.",Date of stay: January 2013,4.0
3542,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3545-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Good example of the Hilton chain,"With Hilton you know what your getting. The rooms are a nice standard clean and modern, the staff are attentive and friendly, the breakfasts are lovely and theres lots of varietyand free wifi in the rooms. We asked for an early check in which we recieved and left our bags with the concierge before leaving. The massive plus to this hotel is its location 2 seconds off the train directly opposite the tube station. i would stay here again without a shadow of a doubt.",Date of stay: January 2013,4.0
3543,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3545-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Luxury hotel without Internet service.,Strange that such a nice Hotel charge 15 gbp for Internet per day.  They were nice to offer early check in and luggage storage after check out. Nice room in excellent positioned hotel at Paddington Stn. Unfortunately service from front desk failed  Business Centre costs extra. I dont like that.,Date of stay: January 2013,4.0
3544,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3545-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,The ideal hotel at the end of the line,"The hotel is ideally situated inside Paddington station for those finishing their train journey and, given its location it has no external noise. Generally the hotel offers a high standard of accommodation across all budgets. The breakfasts are excellent in terms of quality and variety catering for all tastes.  The staff from the moment you enter until the time you depart are friendly and helpful, nothing is too much trouble.   The hotel is also situated near the underground entrance but if you take my advice most of the time you would be better using the buses.  In summary, if you want a high class hotel that doesn't necessarily cost you the earth with easy access to public transport, then this is the one for you",Date of stay: January 2013,5.0
3545,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3550-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Great place, people and position","In any major city, hotel experiences vary dramatically - just try getting a decent hotel in New York for example.  Hilton Paddington is situated at the end of the Heathrow Express on the edge of the station.  Its 20 minute walk to Regents Park and you cross the road to the Underground.  The hotel itself is a piece of English history, and has been cared for and renovated over recent years.  The people and service are superb.  Rooms are clean, well maintained and the beds what you would expect from a Hilton.   Its not the cheapest but then again you get what you pay for.  Whether alone on business or with the family, for 1 night or a weekend (I have done the all) I would recommend.",Date of stay: January 2013,5.0
3546,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3550-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Ok stay.,"No real complaints with the hotel, good location, and everything you could want in the room. It does what it says on the tin. Agree with another reviewer that in 2012, £15 for internet is taking the michael though....",Date of stay: January 2013,3.0
3547,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3550-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,I love this hotel,"I have stayed at this hotel a number of times now when I visit England and I have yet to be disappointed.  I always go with my sister who lives in Derby.  The beds are a little on the firm side for my liking but other than that I have nothing but good comments to make.  The rooms are large, clean and modern.  The breakfasts both days were outstanding and it is so close to everything.  The underground and the station are right there and it is so easy to get to Heathrow from this hotel.  It takes all the stress out of having to return to the airport for the flight back to Canada.  I love this hotel.  Many times it is expensive but I did a search some months back each day for a week or two and found it on sale and immediately booked it. The staff are very nice and helpful and…",Date of stay: January 2013,5.0
3548,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3550-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Easily accessible hotel for Heathrow/London stays,"The Hilton Paddington is all about location. 15 minutes on the Heathrow express, and you walk into the lobby of the hotel directly connected to Paddington station.  Rooms are clean, relatively spacious and have good mini bar selections, and bath products. Prices are quite high even for hotel standards, so watch out when ordering off the food & wine lists. The executive lounge is well catered if you need a place to work, although cost of $25 for the pleasure is a little extravagant.   Prices vary - typical prices are $250 a night which is steep - look for deals. $150 is a bargain.  Service is generally good, and the staff are friendly. All in all, a good business hotel.",Date of stay: January 2013,4.0
3549,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3550-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"What a location, but... really?","The Hilton at Paddington has got one of the best locations you can imagine. Only 15 minutes away from Heathrow, the station is gateway to the city. Not only that, it's so close (in minutes), it can act as an airport hotel. If you need to stay near the hotel, this will be it. From the room to the train in 2 minutes.   Now, the hotel is clean and well maintained. Although I had a standard room, it's spacious enough, and everything you need is in there. I stayed at the 5th floor, but you could still hear the trainstation noises, like the announcements. But, all in all, the sleep quality is good, and the noises remain on the background.   The prices in the bar are high, even for London standards You get a glass of mediocre wine for $12,. It's not a nice lobby bar, and the obvious…",Date of stay: January 2013,3.0
3550,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3555-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Well connected Hilton,This is my preferred hotel when I am flying out of Heathrow as I find it easier to get directly to the terminal on the Heathrow Express than to stay in an Airport hotel and get a shuttle bus.  The main entrance is on Praed street with the underground station for the circle and district line directly opposite the hotel. To get to the hotel from the station just walk in the direction the train arrived until you come to the end of the station where there is a glass area with some shops. As you walk into that area there is an escalator on the right that takes you to the Hilton entrance on the first floor next to the starbucks. if you want to get to central London quickly then a short 5min walk will get you to the central line at Lancaster Gate station opposit Hyde Park.  There are…,Date of stay: January 2013,4.0
3551,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3555-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Excellent location; room conditions vary; crowded hotel,"The best thing about this 3-night stay at the Hilton Paddington was the location. As with most older, American-influenced European hotels, I can never tell if the design is intended to be “classic” or if the owners haven’t bothered to renovate the property. Or, if they’re going for the “old look” for the sake of local flavor. Interior design is not my specialty, but I think this one is Art Deco. It is a mature hotel; it could use some modern touches; the public areas were absolutely packed with tourists and business travelers; check-in was challenging; and check-out was a breeze. The lobby is like the train station: always crowded and always noisy. Surprisingly, the room was quiet. Service by the desk attendants in the Executive Lounge was quite good. They smiled, they were…",Date of stay: December 2012,3.0
3552,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3555-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great place to stay,"I absolutely loved this hotel, the room was spacious and incredibly clean, the bed was large and comfortable, the coffee machine was a nice touch,  it was lovely to come back from a hectic day of sightseeing and relax in the room with a fresh coffee. My room was at the back of the hotel overlooking the station and was very quiet, I did hear the occasional train announcements, but they were muffled and not irritating at all. The bathroom was a good size also and very clean. The only gripe I have with this hotel is the charging of £15 a day for internet access, which even for London is very steep.",Date of stay: January 2013,5.0
3553,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3555-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Beautiful :),"Me and my girlfriend stayed here on New years day. It was absolutely beautiful. We booked the room using an offer therefore got to stay in a £260 terrace suite for a mere £140.   Check in was brilliant, very smooth and professional and as a Hilton Honours member we got an early check in and late check out which was a bonus.   The bed has to be one of the comfiest I have ever had the pleasure to sleep in and had a TV on a stand at the end of the bed.   Location wise, it is perfectly placed for getting round all the London sites as you are virtually in London Paddington station.  The only negative I have to mention is the prices of food in the hotel as it is £4 for a coke from the mini bar, so stock up before you come!  Would definitely stay again especially as this turned out to…",Date of stay: January 2013,5.0
3554,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3555-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Regular Hilton within Train Station,"I have stayed almost in all Hilton hotels in London, but the difference between them is huge, not considering Hiltons worldwide..I am concerned every time I book the room what will my stay be! The hotel is integrated into a Paddington station and very convenient to move around. Plenty on arab and fast food restaurants and bars nearby.  CHECK IN: Below my expectation. The agent did not greet me, nor was I given any kind if info regarding the hotel and services. No smile and nice words. Just credit card swipe and a key together with a signature. I asked for walk in shower  rather than a tub but was asked to pay 115% more on top of my rate!!!!  ROOM: STANDARD king on 6th floor with standard ameneties. Furniture a bit older bit well maintained.   BED: cosy and confortable. 4 soft…",Date of stay: January 2013,3.0
3555,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3560-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,very convinient hotel,"its very good 4 sup. hotel above of the train station of paddigton  (Heathrow express) there is un elevator from the platform to the lobby.very good location with nice rooms and a small gym.the breakfast is ok ,not something special.the only disadvantages is that charging the wi-fi in the room (15pound)from the other hand there is a full equipped cafe maker in the room.",Date of stay: January 2013,4.0
3556,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3560-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great location but rooms smelly and noisy...,"Stayed 4 nights on business in October. Main reason to stay was the location and my meeting was on site. Within 5 minutes of getting off the Heathrow Express train in Paddington station I was checking in, this was great! As it was late and I was tired I was looking forward to getting to my room.  However my first room given was very smelly... As if the carpet had been cleaned but not dried... I called reception to change, I had to wait nearly 20 mins before they sent someone with a new key... New room did not smell but was stuffy. Windows hardly opened and when I did open it was very noisy! At this point I gave up! Regarding business facilities, the meeting rooms were good and food, drinks and lunch etc were fine. This redeemed my opinion of the hotel. Would only use again for…",Date of stay: October 2012,2.0
3557,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3560-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Hilton Reliable,"Arriving a couple of days after Christmas we had no bookings. Hilton offered a great rate in a location not flash, but very convenient and well known to us. It is not 5 star, but it is probably four. Everything works and it is comfortable. The staff are very kind and the concierge staff are superb. Not a place to spoil yourself but safe and reliable - and good value. ",Date of stay: December 2012,4.0
3558,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3560-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Smelly Room, Squeaky Floor","One thing to say is that it is extremely convenient. It is not, however, very modern or renovated. Unless there are two room categories, and I was unlucky. My room on a low floor had an interior courtyard view, at roof level. The room was very smelly, the carpet had definitely seen better days, and the wood (?) floors were creaky throughout. I got a good rate so I figure i got what i paid for, but if I were Hilton execs, I'd keep an eye on this one. Breakfast was included in my nightly rate, the selection was ok, but the room was just stifling hot, with no apparent air circulation whatsoever. Staff at check-in was approximate, at best, having arrived around 11pm, I suppose I got the ""trainee"" rotation, asking the same questions twice or three times, and generally unenthusiastic.",Date of stay: November 2012,3.0
3559,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3560-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,4 and a half stars stay.,"Before choosing this hotel I read almost every review on this site. So my expectation were ""Hilton-average"". I checked in on December 30th at noon. Not only my room was ready as I arrived, but they also gave me a free upgrade to a junior suite (I had booked a normal executive room).  The staff at the front desk was very efficient. Within minutes I was able to go to my room. The room hadn't any view, but I don't care. It was big (for a London room), with a nice seating area and a large bathroom. The room was very clean, well maintained (2 house-keeping tours every day, with a nice goodnight chocolate on the second tour). My room was very quiet. No street noise, no railroad noise. Really enjoyable. The Executive Lounge offers a great view into the Paddington Station. The breakfast…",Date of stay: December 2012,4.0
3560,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3565-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Close to it all!!,"You couldn't ask for a better location. The staff was amazing. They were so helpful which was nice considering they were the only nice people we encountered while we were there. The doorman was able to point us in the direction of some fun things to do... shopping, flea markets, food, ect. The price was right too... London is beautiful.",Date of stay: August 2012,5.0
3561,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3565-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Extremely convenient,"Incredibly convenient to the airport being attached to Paddington Station - with the Heathrow Express you can get from and to the airport in 30 minutes, counting walking and waiting time.  I found the staff to be quite friendly and helpful for such a busy hotel.  Also an easy walk to the park and nearby locations, and the rest of London via the tube at Paddington.  The one downside is that the physical infrastructure (the furniture, carpeting etc.) was noticeably worn - it can use a renovation.",Date of stay: December 2012,4.0
3562,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3565-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel,"My husband and I stayed  here for one week. It's a nice hotel nothing fantastic or extraordinary. We stayed on the second floor, nice big room, comfortable bed as well. It's a great location, just on top of the Paddington station which I think is really cool, about five stations to Oxford Circus on the Bakerloo line and the Heathrow express train brings you straight to the hotel. Breakfast is ok, not a wide ranged of variety though, we ate same breakfast for one week......boring. Internet is ridiculously expensive, 15 pounds for 24 hours......who does that! Steam bar is nice, DJ is good as well. Overall, we had a good stay, staff was receptive and polite. I found one of the concierge staff rather rude.",Date of stay: December 2012,4.0
3563,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3565-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Decent hotel, but not best Hilton in London","We stayed there for three nights during Christmas holidays. It is attached to the Paddington Hilton and was an easy trip from Heathrow airport on the Express train. They checked us in immediately which was nice since we were jet-lagged. We were able to walk to Hyde Park, Marble Arch, Oxford Street, and Bond Street from the hotel.   The water temperature would quickly change and be SCALDING hot during showers!   Room safe didn't work, said the batteries were low.  The only thing that I wasn't pleased about was that we borrowed and returned umbrellas from the concierge, however, they still charged us for them. When I returned them, I asked them to be sure that they knew we returned them. When we checked out a few days later, the front desk made me go over to the Concierge to have…",Date of stay: December 2012,3.0
3564,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3565-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"No surprises, great location","The location is perfect, 15 min from Heathrow, direct connection with the Express train (30 min with the connect or app. 1 hour with the Tube via Piccadilly Circus), all major attractions 10-20 travel with the Tube. Rooms are decent sized, for a London hotel, staff is attentive and helpful. The breakfast buffet is recommendable, with a good selection (even gluten-free items). The hotel is made for business travelers, i.e. not designed for families with children, still a very good choice for families. WLAN is only avaliable for 15 pounds a day, unusual even for business hotels.",Date of stay: December 2012,4.0
3565,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3570-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Great location...,busy hotel","This hotel is in an excellent location, directly opposite paddington station. The hotel is busy,  very busy and the public areas leave something to be desired, as a lot of people congregate there.  The rooms however are excellent,  not overly large but very well equipped and very quiet, a complete contrast to the public areas,  The food is fair to good. The staff are a mixed bag, the reception coldly efficient and totally uninterested, but the doormen warm, friendly, welcoming and helpful.  So overall a mixed bag. Would I recommend it? Yes, if you are staying in this area, however I certainly would not go out of my way to stay there.",Date of stay: December 2012,4.0
3566,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3570-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Hilton London Paddington is Convenient, Well-Equipped","We recently spent a few nights in the Hilton London Paddington, and enjoyed its blend of convenience (it literally is inside Paddington Station and the end point of the Heathrow Express train) and comforts. There are a lot more rooms that you might think, and the layout is a bit Byzantine but the decor is pretty classic 1920s Art Deco (it was the Great Western railways hotel first). The morning breakfast is nothing special and typical Hilton, but it does save time and money if you're an Honors member.  Best of all, the hotel is QUIET. As others have remarked, you'd think that being in a train station would be nerve-wracking, but we didn't hear a single announcement or a train pulling in/out. It's easy to get in and out of the station to all points London (and England, for that…",Date of stay: December 2012,4.0
3567,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3570-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Convenient for the railway station.,"We arrived into Heathrow aiport late on Saturday afternoon, and used the Heathrow Express train to Paddington station. The signs to the hotel were a little tricky to find, but once we did, everything went smoothly. You don't have to leave the station to get in to the hotel. The rooms are clean and well equipped, but very small compared to North American hotel rooms. We didn't try the breakfast, as it was going to cost £22 per person! Instead, we bought some items at the Marks & Spencer's store in the station and ate them in our room before leaving on Sunday morning. Check in and Check out was quick and efficient. The concierge was helpful in getting us a taxi. The only bad thing was some noise from other guests, perhaps drunk, in the hotel corridor, which woke me in the small…",Date of stay: December 2012,4.0
3568,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3570-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Fantastic Hotel, Cosy Rooms, Great Location","I stayed in this hotel for a week and loved each day of my stay. The rooms were beautiful, tastefully decorated with modern art and pastel colours. The bed was large and comfortable. The bath rooms were what you expect in a top end hotel. I loved the tea and coffee rack in the room, full of variety. The expresso machine gave me some great moment with lovely coffee. The breakfast buffet was large with great assortments taking care of both on diet and those splurging!! The staff was courteous and always willing to help in giving directions to places of interest. The only mistake was that I came alone. Next time I am coming with my family to enjoy the wonderful hospitality of Hilton Paddington.",Date of stay: September 2012,5.0
3569,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3570-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Relaxing Stay,At first I was expecting something overpriced with train announcements in the background every 5minutes... I was very wrong. While the Hotel is next door/on top of the station there was no noise at all. The foyer is modern with the automatic playing piano a nice touch. The reception staff are pleasant. Having stayed in a standard double I was surprised at the size as it was quite large (Larger than the London Bridge Hilton but not as large as Canary Wharf). The bathroom and main room were very clean with tea/real coffee making facilities. I would happily stay here again.,Date of stay: November 2012,5.0
3570,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3575-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Location, comfort and service","From Heathrow on e Heathrow express it is 2 minutes to be in reception. The hotel is on top of Paddington station giving connection to rail, tube and busses from the front and rear entrances, making travel around London easy. The rooms are very comfortable, well maintained with ample room to relax after a long day of visiting London. The hotel is also used by business people so it can become a little busy in the lounge area but still there s plenty of room to meet friends and family. The concierge service is courteous and helpful including help on travel and performances around London. Prices are as expected for such a hotel but the experience is worth that little extra if you can afford it. I have stayed in this hotel a number of times and have never had ad service or a bad room",Date of stay: August 2012,5.0
3571,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3575-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Location, location, location","My wife and I stayed at the Hilton London Paddington while visiting from the US for the Olympics.  You simply can't beat the location, with the tube station across the street from the front door of the hotel and the train to the airport just around the corner.  Our room was tiny and it was a hike to get there from the elevator.  We didn't eat any meals at the hotel, so I can't say whether the food is good or not.  There are plenty of pubs and restaurants within walking distance.  The price was decent considering we booked last-minute right in the middle of the Olympics.  Should I ever make it back to London I will definitely consider staying here again.",Date of stay: August 2012,4.0
3572,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3575-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,great location,"stayed here prior to holiday and were very pleased great location great access made the start of our holiday great,had dinner bed and breakfast rate enjoyed meal slept well and enjoyed breakfast would stay again my only complaint is the price of drinks!be aware",Date of stay: December 2012,4.0
3573,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3575-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Convenience,"Another stay in London. Wanted to keep things simple and stayed at the Hilton Paddington. The time I saved taking the train from Heathrow to Paddington was lost again waiting in the lobby until my room was available. It's hard to blame the hotel for this, since I arrived before their check-in time, but after a 12-hour flight I had hoped that such a large hotel would have a room available for an HHonors member right away. It seems to me that this is a London-specific problem, since I never encounter this in other European hub cities. Maybe the UK hotels think they give away a freebie....  In any case, I liked the hotel. I got a fourth-floor room on the side, which was at the end of a zig-zag corridor. It was a super quiet room, exactly what I needed. I had alerted the hotel that…",Date of stay: November 2012,4.0
3574,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3575-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,A great place to stay if....,"..... You get the right room.  I have stayed at this hotel probably a dozen times... It is a fantastic location, full of old world charm, close to Heathrow and the Tube.  But the rooms have a an .incredibly wide range of size,quality, noise and general amenity.  So if the first room you get is not what you are looking for, ask for a different one and I am sure you will find something that will suit you in the end.",Date of stay: October 2012,4.0
3575,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3580-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Fantastic location!,"The best thing about the hotel is the location. Being joined to paddington station makes it super convenient if coming or going to Heathrow airport, It's also opposite paddington tube station so its easy to get around London.  My room was huge and I believe it was just the standard room, the bathroom was more than generous as well. Room service breakfast was tasty and large.  Staff where very friendly and helpful.  Great experience!",Date of stay: September 2012,4.0
3576,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3580-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,best in london,after a poor stay in the waldorf the paddington hilton restored my faith in the brand. on arrival my room seemed noisy and within seconds i was offered a king suite which was clean quiet and spacious. could not be faulted and will remain my first choice london hilton,Date of stay: December 2012,5.0
3577,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3580-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,great location - super convenient,"Loved the hotel for its location - the rooms were clean and up to standard (nice bathroom and good bed), but nothing crazy. WHat makes this hotel perfect is its location right at paddington station, so you can drop your bags off and shower after arriving in from heathrow and go about your day. the tube at paddington is also one of the best connected ones in london, so if you're out and about alot the location here makes the stay worthwhile.",Date of stay: September 2012,5.0
3578,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3580-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great lopcation for an interview,"I was just interviewed at the Paddington Hilton.  It's a perfect location with a two minute walk from my train to the lounge, and much the same from the tube.  My interviewer had hired an excellent small meeting room for our chat.  Now to see if i get the job!!?",Date of stay: December 2012,4.0
3579,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3580-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great Location,"From the airport this is the best location for walking the city.  The hotel is attached to Paddington Station, you don't even need to exit the station to enter the hotel, there is an entrace inside the station.  The rooms were nice, and the cost was very good.  There is also a Starbucks attached to the hotel as you walk from the station to the hotel.",Date of stay: December 2012,5.0
3580,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3585-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Very nice hotel, clean and friendly","Booked for an overnight stay in London with the girlfriend. Its an Hilton so not much to say really. As most Hiltons, its on the upper class of the scale. Nice rooms, clean. The staff were friendly. Breakfast in the morning was also good. With a good selection of traditional fry-ups or continental options! There is no clear parking facilities near by, but as it was a weekend stay for us, on road parking was free.  The Paddington tube station is opposite the hotel also for easy connections.",Date of stay: December 2012,4.0
3581,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3585-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Ok if you like Disco's,"We stayed at the Hilton with 3 other couples 1st December 2013 for 1 night as we were celebrating a 50th birthday. We arrived at 10am and our rooms were not ready, which was fine and we didn't expect them to be really. We left our baggage and ventured into London, we had booked to see a Matinee show and said we would be back about 6ish. When we arrived back at the Hotel they took an age to find us 4 rooms, we had booked however 4 months in advance. Well an upgrade was offered for one room, and although we had asked for 4 double rooms, only 2 were found and the fourth was offered as a twin. Ok we wanted to shower and go out so we accepted the offered rooms. The room was clean and as would be expected of a Hilton/Marriot etc. Well the fun really started when we returned to the…",Date of stay: December 2012,2.0
3582,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3585-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Expected quality.. Received more,"We booked the Hilton Paddington as our usual hotel in Paddington was fully booked. We booked this at a fantastic rate on expedia for £100 per night.   Location.. This couldn't be any better as a base for travelling around London. Hotel situated on the main bus route to wherever you desire, tube station and train station are both very very close!  Paddington is full of a wide range of places to eat and drink, from casual pubs and take aways to lovely restaurants and bars all on the door step of the hotel  The hotel... It has a very grand feel to the building as you approach, with its own pull in bays, door men, and concierge. We had a great reception of which we was sceptical about as we are in our mid 20's and thought we may be looked down upon, but then again we are young…",Date of stay: November 2012,4.0
3583,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3585-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Most comfortable bed of the year,"I have just returned from one night in this hotel. It is the first time I have stayed here since 2004 and my earlier recollections proved correct. Firstly if you are arriving into London at Paddington Station, the location cannot be improved. There is direct access from the station with its many shops and eating places and also Underground station. You can get anywhere in London without having to go out into the open air. I had logged a request for a standby upgrade which is about half the additional price of a normal upgrade and I ended up in a deluxe double room on the 6th floor. The room was very large by London standards and well furnished if a little dark as regards lighting. The room had a view over the skyline above the station but I had the curtains closed almost…",Date of stay: December 2012,5.0
3584,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3585-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great location...and that's it! Trust Tripadvisor reviewers...,"Ah, Hilton, Hilton...Always a surprise wherever you go... Paris and NYC, two great examples of a Hilton quality and distinction. London Paddington...well,if this hotel were located anywhere else than practically INSIDE Paddington Station-which is VERY helpful when travelling with bigger, heavier luggage, I would probably put it away when choosing a nice place to stay. I'll tell you why. Especially when visiting bigger cities, it's always useful having a place where you are able to move to and from, because there's traffic jams, strikes, parades and every sort of things a big city may offer you to lose your train, flight or time, a very precious value either you're on vacation or on business. Attached to the Paddington Station, one can take the Paddington Express or Heathrow…",Date of stay: November 2012,2.0
3585,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3590-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Beyond Amazing Hotel Location, Poor Hotel","If it was not for this hotel's location, this hotel would get a terrible rating.  We stayed here because of the location.  And based on the tripadvisor reviews, knew that it would not be an amazing experience.  So if you plan on going to London and want a great location, this is your place, if you do not mind spending money for that.  But do not expect too much from the actual hotel.  It is sort of sad, because this hotel really could be amazing if they tried.  But clearly they do not have to. The accessibility to the Tube and Heathrow Express is unbelievably great.  Ask for a higher level, if possible.  And not one that faces London Street which appears to be the loading zone for Paddington Station.  We were on the 2nd floor and we heard delivery trucks backing up (beep, beep,…",Date of stay: November 2012,2.0
3586,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3590-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Hilton at its best,This hotel has a great location.The staff are very helpfull and the breakfast is supurb.The only flaw is that there is no automatic door at the rear which is the main entrance/exit to paddington station,Date of stay: November 2012,5.0
3587,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3590-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Non-Smoking Room - Don't count on it.  Excessive Phone Charges / Poor Front Desk Management - You can bet on it!,"Having been a Hilton Diamond member for more than 10 years and a frequent overseas traveler, it is extremely rare that I write an extremely negative review for any hotel.  The Hilton Paddington gets the distinction of a poor rating not because the hotel itself is poor, but because of the service when handling a complaint.    The Good:    Hilton Paddington is a good hotel with a great location.   Attached to the Paddington Station, one can take the Paddington Express from Heathrow Terminals 1, 2, 3 or 5 directly to the Hotel in under 20 minutes for £19 one way.   Without walking outside, you can go directly from the train to the hotel.   Trains run every 15 minutes back to Heathrow Airport – at 10, 25, 40 and 55 past the hour.   In addition, the Hilton Paddington is directly…",Date of stay: November 2012,1.0
3588,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3590-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Convenient stopover in London,"The best thing about this hotel is its location. Get off the train at Paddington, walk or take the escalator upstairs and straight into the hotel. Couldn't be easier. Booked the day before on an online booking site, had the confirmation but this had not been received by the hotel. Others were at check in with the same problem, not sure whose fault it was. But the receptionist dealt with it very efficiently, checked me in a even gave me free wifi for my stay - but I think wifi should be free anyway. The room was comfortable and everything worked. After a good night's sleep I had an excellent breakfast. After checking out the next morning the hotel looked after my bag until I returned to catch an evening train home. There are cheaper hotels in London but the Hilton experience is…",Date of stay: November 2012,4.0
3589,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3590-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Fabulous Hotel in Great London Location,"We were very lucky to book into this hotel through lastminute.com ""secret"" hotel, so our room rate was amazing!  The hotel is beautiful - richly decorated with lovely lounge areas.  Our room was extremely comfortable with great ameneties including fresh coffee maker, full-sized ironing board, safe, mini-bar, flat screen tv and plenty of sockets at the desk to plug in laptops etc.  We booked this hotel for a leisure trip, but this would be great for either business or staying in London before going to Heathrow or City airport.  The hotel is actually part of Paddington station and you can get the lift directly down to the underground and get the Bakerloo or District/Circle lines.  So it's very well positioned to get around London.  Thoroughly recommended and would definitely go…",Date of stay: November 2012,5.0
3590,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3595-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"3rd Stay-Great location, convenient, helpful staff, good value","Third time staying at this hotel.  Flew over from DC on redeye with my wife to meet her parents.  Got off the plane at 11:00 a.m., customs, collected luggage and arrived straight into Paddington Station on Heathrow Express.  Up the escalator and straight into the hotel where they gave us early check in at 12:15.  They said they try to make rooms available for those coming off redeyes and they did not disappoint us.  This is a fine hotel, with comfortable rooms and you're sitting atop the tube so you have access anywhere and cabs at the front door.  Staff were very helpful to us with any questions and found us a nearby movie theater.  Will continue to stay here as it's ""easy"" for us.  Note, check your bill carefully as they had mini-bar charges we did not use.  They removed those…",Date of stay: November 2012,4.0
3591,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3595-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel but non personal and lacking service,Stayed recently for business. Dissapointed no free wifi so we payed extra per day for the 'luxury' that I feel should be inclusive with a 'luxury hotel' Problems with wifi we changed rooms to two seperate rooms during our stay and the wifi didnt work in the 2nd room we changed too. After many calls to reception we were re directed to the internet provider who's answer to solve this was for us to stand in the outside corridor to conntect to the wifi! Dissapointed we opted to change rooms. 3rd room wifi signal strong enough. But to get to that point took many phone calls to reception and the staff transtering our call before finally realised we need to change rooms.  Rooms were nice and appointed well. Location handy on the Paddinton train and tube lines.  To be picky I found the…,Date of stay: October 2012,3.0
3592,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3595-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Average hotel but reasonably priced,"This is the 3rd time I've stayed at this hotel which should give you the idea that its not a bad place to be. As a rule I think it is hugely overpriced but manages to get a decent rate as a last minute booking, through the Hilton website.   Checked in at the Exec lounge and the service was good. I skipped the lounge this time - the food and drinks on offer arent too bad, but other Hilton's do it better.   The rooms are tired but comfortable. I find them a bit dark but that also seems to be a theme in older Hilton hotels - no lights in the middle of the room, just by the bed and the desk. This room was at the back of the hotel so nice an quiet. Last time I had a room next to the road and the traffic noise didn't stop all night long....  I didn't have breakfast so I can't comment…",Date of stay: November 2012,3.0
3593,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3595-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Hilton London Paddington perfect location with luxurious rooms,"Hilton London Paddington is just about as perfect a hotel you can get in London. It is located just next to the Paddington station where you can easily catch the airport express and many of the underground tube lines connect here. The rooms are luxurious with an old world charm yet still perfectly maintained. I stayed in a room that was split into two levels, and it was quite a thrill as it gave me a very homely feeling. Nothing like a good rest, and not having to lug your luggages up and down tube stations.",Date of stay: June 2012,5.0
3594,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3595-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great!,"Pros: Rooms: Very spacious and clean  Bed: Very comfortable Staff: Very friendly  Breakfast: Excellent selection of International spread Location - Paddington Station at doorstep, quaint neighbourhood littered with souvenir shops also selling bus city tours tickets, stops for bus tours conveniently located, lots of eating establishments/ restaurants (even a Halal KFC & Subway nearby)  Cons: WiFi: Not free, however, you can get free WiFi at the lobby & restaurants",Date of stay: June 2012,5.0
3595,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3600-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Convenient location, but outdated and overpriced","We stayed here for a night on our way back through London en route home.  The location was very convenient, just 15 minutes from Heathrow via train and accessible to everything in the city.  Everything in the hotel was extremely expensive, even by London standards.  The hotel was also fairly outdated.",Date of stay: November 2012,3.0
3596,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3600-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,No follow up of complaints. Fobbed off.,"The entry key cards for the room kept failing and had to be reprogrammed three times in a 24 hour period. That was disappointing, but we could have lived with it.  The big issue for us was the lack of a gym. We had specifically picked this hotel as I am following a training pattern and was able to squeeze in 90 minutes training on the Saturday morning before we checked out. To my dismay, when I went to look for the gym, I couldn't find it anywhere. Upon checking with reception, I was told that the gym was closed due to a safety incident earlier that week. They were able to offer me a discounted rate at a nearby gym but I had neither the time nor inclination to spend more money on using another gym that I had already paid for in the hotel price. It was at this point that the…",Date of stay: November 2012,2.0
3597,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3600-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Dispetto of  Prince Charles,"I stayed at the Hilton London Paddington for 2 nights from 23th to 25th of October.  Location was great - the best location if your going in and out of paddo station.  My room was in the West  Wing, and it was extremely clean, with comfortable beds and all the bits and pieces you would expect. Breakfast was very good, with plenty of choice, short waiting times and on the busiest morning they opened pretty early. The gym is well equipped and the staff are friendly and efficient.  Appreciated the 13noon checkout time. Only dispetto for me was the 15 pounds per device for room WiFi - disappointing, but thanks - it is free in lobby. By the way, I never met before such a long corridors in hotels.   I would certainly recommend this hotel for a stay in the capital and I would imagine…",Date of stay: October 2012,4.0
3598,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3600-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Paddington Oasis,"I've stayed at the Paddington Hilton several times and each time I appreciate how easy it is to get around London and visit my business partner who lives in the English countryside. The hotel and rooms are quiet and comfortable. Affordable, diet-friendly food options are available just outside the door in Paddington Station.",Date of stay: January 2012,4.0
3599,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3600-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"location,location,location!","I chose this hotel because of the easy access to/from Heathrow.   I attend a trades how in London each year and each year when I arrive on the Heathrow Express, I tell myself that ""next year, I am staying at this hotel"". I finally did it and I will never go back!  Perfect location.  Easy access to the Tube for commuting to Excel also, so everything was super easy.  room service breakfast and lunch was delivered in 15-20 minutes.  Service in the restaurant was great (I think I had 4 waiters making sure that I had everything I needed) It's a London hotel so rooms are small and dated but very comfortable.  I did have a room on the first floor over the delivery area so there were trucks all night.  I am a sound sleeper so it was no big deal for me, but if you are sensitive to noise,…",Date of stay: November 2012,4.0
3600,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3605-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Excellent location for travelling to Heathrow,"Stayed here specifically as I was travelling alone and wanted to make sure everything was close at hand (could get off train in paddington straight into hotel and get up next day to board Heathrow express). I must say it worked out perfectly. The bonus was the comfort of the rooms and the outstanding service. My husband ordered room service for my arrival and it was delivered minutes after I came through the door. Food was delicious however very expensive at £66 for greek salad, pizza, chocolate brownie a coke and some water! Would recommend as a good in transit hotel or for a stay in London sightseeing as very central.",Date of stay: October 2012,5.0
3601,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3605-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,NOT HELPING THE HILTON BRAND,"With so much potential, it's sad that from the standpoint of decor and service this hotel leaves a lot to be desired.  Architecturally, the cheap furniture in the common areas on each floor along with plastic-looking ice machines sitting in the middle of the hallway adds nothing to the ambiance.  Don't expect to be able to book a taxi in under 6 telephone calls - sadly, I only speak English - and then make sure that they tell you that the price they finally quote you does not include a 5% commission.  If you protest that you didn't know, be ready for the concierge to shout across the lobby that he DID tell you - hardly Five Star ...",Date of stay: November 2012,2.0
3602,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3605-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Coming back,"The first stay at the hotel was great, so we decided to come back again as it is located directly at Paddington where the Heathrow Express arrives and departs. It also offers shops and access to the tube with different services. This time, we had an even nicer room with three windows. It was facing the street, but the noise was not too bad. The bathroom offered both, tub and shower, which is always convenient, especially that time of the year when it is cold out and you can decide whether to take a long bath or just hop into the shower. The overall temperature in the room was a little cold and we were not able to heat it up, but that was not the hotel's fault as we could have said something. The room next to us used radiators, but as we have been out all day, it was ok. The…",Date of stay: November 2012,5.0
3603,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3605-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,OK for what I paid,"I will say very good, not because this is a very good hotel as I have said about others, but, for what I paid and what I wanted from this hotel then my one night at this hotel was very good; why?  Wanted a hotel near Paddington Station as I was arriving to Heathrow 19:00 and leaving from Heathrow 11:00 and wanted to spend the night in the city. The Hilton is literally beside Paddington Train Station, where you get the Paddington Express that leaves you in Heatrow in 18 minutes.  I paid 140€ which for London is very reasonable. Good room, reasonably sized, good bathrrom, comfy bed and thats what I wanted.  Did not like to pay 15 pounds for the Internet (I think that Internet should be free of charge)  I can understand other comments about lack of ambience, about being impersonal…",Date of stay: October 2012,4.0
3604,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3605-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,One flight up from the Heathrow express,"IF you want a great hotel and no taxis just take heathrow express to paddington. Get off the train, walk 200 feet and go up the escalator and you are in your hotel.  Great location, quality room and excellent value",Date of stay: October 2012,5.0
3605,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3610-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great location to tube; small room; nice overall,"The number one reason I booked this hotel was the proximity to the Paddington station--right next to it--quiet rooms and a decent price (for London anyway).  15 pounds for WiFi is a bad show.  Maybe I just had an extra small room, but the bed and desk took up almost all the space, I barely had room for suitcases.  A great hotel to crash after a long-haul flight and trip on the train.  Also, there are some very competitive currency exchange shops right across the street--much better deal than the airport and other places.  Nice restaurant also in the hotel.  I would stay again at the right price.",Date of stay: October 2012,4.0
3606,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3610-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Benefit of the doubt,"The staff here is what makes the difference between three and four circles. We arrived about noon, and were im mediately checked in. We were a bit put off to be put in a Queen room rather than a King (we are Diamond), and although quite small, the room was clean and well-appointed. Evidently (based on the responses to Trip Advisor reviews), this hotel is managed by the same person as the larger Metropole, just down the street. That being the case, it APPEARS to have a better housekeeping staff than the larger twin. We were only there one night, so we don't have the big picture - but the hallways were clean. We departed at 6:00 AM on a Saturday morning, and the bellman was unable to get a cab on Praed St. at that hour ... but he got us a car service within moments. Everyone was…",Date of stay: November 2012,4.0
3607,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3610-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great Place,"An excellent hotel that is ideal especially for those using the station. The staff are friendly and efficient and the rooms spacious and well equipped. Tube and bus  services are on the doorstep, making links to all areas easy.  Breakfast is the usual high Hilton standard and served in the bar area. Service was swift and efficient. This is a great hotel.",Date of stay: October 2012,4.0
3608,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3610-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,our new favourite hotel in London,"We stayed here just for one night while visiting a show. There was an initial mix up with the room booked which was not the hotels fault - information from Hilton Honours booking had not been passed through to the hotel. This was sorted out by check in desk satisfactorily. We received an upgrade due to Honours membership, and then paid extra to upgrade further to a terrace room. The hotel is located on a busy street at Paddington Station. I love the vibe about the place, and the hustle and bustle. The hotel itself is very relaxing and calm. The terrace room is great, and I would love to stay here in the summer months. We found all the staff to be very good, friendly and extremely efficient. Room service was super speedy and really very good. As a vegetarian, I can find it…",Date of stay: October 2012,5.0
3609,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3610-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Lagos Party.....,"....Location spot on, the train and bus station is Paddington Hilton. Room sizes impressive for prime property in London. What to expect from the Hilton brand.  ....bars, tours, shops, etc everything you want is just outside the front door.",Date of stay: October 2012,5.0
3610,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3615-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,It did not meet any standard of a five star,"We stayed here for 1 night as we had our flight from London the next day. We took a train from Wales to London and chose Hilton because it was walking distance from Paddington station. We reached with lot of luggage( 3 big suitcases and 2 cabin size bags)and was hoping to get some help to get the luggage to the room but the women in the reception asked us to help ourselves. I thought may be it was one of those days when they were busy. I was only checking the mini bar, i did not bring anything out as i knew it was an automatic minibar but we were charged with some adult chocolate which we never ate. The heating in the room did not work, called the reception and informed about it but nothing happened for bout 30 minutes, when called again someone came to our room and got the…",Date of stay: October 2012,1.0
3611,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3615-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,A Hilton With Terrific Transport Options,"I have stayed at the Hilton Paddington many times and did so recently in mid-October 2012. This Hilton property is large, well-managed, and its rooms never fail to be clean, spacious, and nicely furnished. Staying here is expensive - this is, after all, a major hotel in one of the most expensive cities in the world -  so be prepared for the rates. I'm also a Hilton Honors Gold member, which entitles me to some significant extra benefits, like access to the Executive Lounge and free WiFi. If you're not a Gold (or higher) member, then WiFi is 15GBP/day, which is steep. A well-secured room safe is provided, as is a generous tea/coffee setup. The staff is top-notch and welcoming. One of the best aspects of this hotel is its location atop Paddington Stattion. The provides easy access…",Date of stay: October 2012,5.0
3612,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3615-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Very good but no WiFi???,"Our room was lovely and the reception staff were friendly and welcoming. Appreciated the 12noon checkout time. Only fly in the ointment for us was the 15 pounds PER DEVICE for WiFi - very disappointing. Every hotel we stayed in on this trip (UK, France and Italy and from 3 to 5 stars) provided free WiFi in the rooms. Time to enter the 21st century Hilton.",Date of stay: October 2012,4.0
3613,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3615-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great Hotel and Staff,"Stayed for one night on 13 October at the Hilton Hotel Paddington has part of a coach party from Skills.  Room was very nice and with ample space. Cooked breakfast was superb. All the staff we met were very helpfull and friendly. All in all, couldn't fault it. We would certainly stay here again.",Date of stay: October 2012,5.0
3614,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3615-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Nice art deco rooms,"Comfortable bed, nice spacious room - we stayed in room 250 which is big having changed from 632 which wasn't so good with a terrible view of a brick wall and only a double bed as the room was small.  Good shower with nice free toiletries. Breakfast was good, what a feast with good service bringing tea and juice and a great man making omelettes. Location not so good for central London, it was a bit of a trudge back on the tube after a show. Is it worth paying the extra not to stay in a Premier inn? Probably not, the premier inn next to London eye is a great location. Paddington is good for Heathrow though.",Date of stay: October 2012,4.0
3615,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3620-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,convenient and great,We arrived at Heathrow Airport and took the Heathrow Connect into Paddington.  It was around 8 lbs.  It only took about 25 minutes.  The Hilton is actually in the train station.  It was a very nice hotel.  Their rates change a lot so when we first arrived to London it was a great price but when we returned to London it was way over the top.  The breakfast was the best and the rooms were clean and roomy.  I liked staying there as there were many places to eat and walk around but out of the hustle and bustle from the middle of the tourist area.  We were able to get anywhere from the Paddington station.  Each day we would buy a day pass to the tube and were able to get anywhere we want for the whole day and night.  I loved this location.,Date of stay: September 2012,5.0
3616,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3620-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Great location, historic hotel, and good value","I stayed 2 nights in the Hilton London Paddington Hotel for the Olympics this summer. The security was very high, but not intrusive. The hotel's back door conveniently opens on the upper level of historic Paddington Station, and although there isn't much traffic through those doors, the security level has to be kept at a higher level than most hotels. You will feel very safe here. The staff is most polite and helpful.  The room I had was large, comfortable, and quiet. Although I didn't spend much time in the hotel, I can say that breakfast was superb! And the hotel's history can be seen in the handsome art deco murals on the walls.   It's location is ideal for London tourists. Not only are there the trains from Paddington and the Express Train to and from Heathrow, but there are…",Date of stay: August 2012,4.0
3617,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3620-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Good Hotel, conveniently located","Nice hotel. Just outside paddington station, so if you're flying into Heathrow its takes 2 mins to get your luggage off.  It has very good bus and tube connections.   I have stayed here several times and have had mixed experiences with it Have to say, if you can afford it splash for the nicer rooms executive floor i think. They are worth it. The standard rooms are pretty basic for a hilton I found.  Other than that the breakfast is awesome You could easily eat your body weight in there in Food.",Date of stay: September 2012,4.0
3618,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3620-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,bargain,"stayed here on Saturday night and was very pleasanly surprised. We came off the train at Paddington and there is an entrance to the hotel in the station. The room we were given was immaculate and very roomy. I've stayed in other hotels further in and the rooms are often tiny! The bed was the comfiest hotel bed Ive ever had. The hotel is in an excellent location.Well placed to go shopping or socialising. If you're looking for a good pub try Dickens Tavern which is just round the corner, excellent food and good crowd.",Date of stay: October 2012,4.0
3619,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3620-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Well it's a Hilton....,"Best location if your going in and out of paddo station. Room was nice and big,clean and quiet.  Breakfast was great and there was plenty to choose from. Quite a few restaurants pubs just out the door.  Don't bother paying for wifi unless you really need it in your room. Just head down into the train station and you can pick it up there. You can also get it at the pub across the street on the corner""The Pride of Paddington"" which has great meals.",Date of stay: October 2012,5.0
3620,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3625-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,A thoroughly delightful stay,"We thoroughly enjoyed our stay at this Hilton. We used the Paddington Express from Heathrow Airport and after a little “walk about” looking for the escalator to the hotel walkway, we checked in at the Hilton Honors Desk. The staff at that desk and throughout the hotel were friendly and attentive. The concierge was very helpful. Morning breakfast and evening snacks at the executive lounge were tasty and we never felt rushed. We would gladly return to this hotel.  TIP—use the Oyster Card for both tube and bus. Just outside the hotel are bus stops for buses # 23 and #159. These are those delightful double decker and take you to Piccadilly and Trafalgar Square. # 159 takes you across the Thames and to the Imperial War Museum.  Also, Paddington Station is HUGE with grocery stores,…",Date of stay: October 2012,4.0
3621,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3625-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,business travel,booked to stay two nights had to meet two clients used there confrence room hire.  When I was part way through my meeting the manager Fanny responsible for the booking of the meeting room stormed in part way through my meeting did not bother to knock wanting to know why the appropiate room hire form had not been completed. When I tried to explain that the girl on duty ran out of forms and told me she would deal with this after my meeting the manager Fanny was not intrested in my explaination and insisted I stop my meeting until the form was completed I explained I was also a guest at the hotel and you had my credit card details again she was not intrested I had to stop my meeting to deal with the compleation of her form. I compained to the duty manager Vjay I think he was 16…,Date of stay: November 2011,2.0
3622,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3625-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Excellent stay and great location,"This hotel is an excellent location, and I would highly recommend it. Rooms were clean and staff were friendly. Breakfasts great! Right at Paddington station - what more could you ask for! Lovely seating area in the lobby. Plenty of staff around.",Date of stay: October 2012,5.0
3623,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3625-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Perfect location, okay hotel","The Paddington Hilton is typical of Hilton standards but is verging on becoming a bit run down, however, you can't beat the location. Hyde Park and Oxford Street are within walking distance, the hotel is directly linked to  Heathrow Express and the tube is just across the street.  The rooms are large and quiet and the bathrooms are oversized and tastefully decorated.",Date of stay: October 2012,4.0
3624,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3625-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Room we had should not be let out!,"We stayed here for two nights over the weekend and I have to say it was certainly the worst Hilton if not the worst hotel we have ever stayed at. We were put in room 122 which overlooks the lane to the station and we were kept awake all night with the constant noise of lorries unloading for the shops. It was as if there was no sound insulation at all. The hearing didnt work and The staff at the hotel were unhelpful. Wouldn't recommend this hotel, goto the Metropole",Date of stay: October 2012,1.0
3625,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3630-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Getting a bit tired but location is outstanding for transport connections,Second stay this year. In an unrenovated room which had seen better days. Whole place needs a bit of a facelift but the location is superb for transport. Area around hotel itself a bit run down. But safe enough and plenty of places to eat. Staff are friendly and helpful. I would stay again based on location. ,Date of stay: October 2012,3.0
3626,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3630-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,The smell of smoke was horrible,"I have stayed in this hotel before because of its convenience of the Heathrow Express.  This stay I was in room 251.  When I exited the elevator the smell of smoke was a little overwhelming.  I figured once I got to my room it would be better.  It was a little better, but not much.  It still smelled.  I didn't bother trying to change rooms because I knew I would only be there to sleep.  When I got up in the morning I was nearly sick because of this smoky smell.  When I checked out I asked if it was a smoking hotel and I was told that only a few rooms were, but my room wasn't one of those.  Maybe the smoking rooms should be confined to a certain floor.  ",Date of stay: October 2012,2.0
3627,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3630-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Very Good,"Only stayed one night on B&B room was of a good size with good bathroom with bath and overhead shower. We experienced no noise at all. This hotel has a direct link to Paddington  rail station which has excellent underground links on various lines. There is also the heathrow express wich is only 20 mins direct link to the airport. Breakfast was very good, drinks can be expensive £4 for a bottle of coke. I  would use this hotel again.",Date of stay: October 2012,4.0
3628,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3630-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,OK for one night,"Hotel location is perfect if you need to be in the paddington area or quick access to the station. Rooms are somewhat small and not the cleanest or most modern I have ever stayed at - but ok for just one night.  Service is so-so I thought, lounge seemed completely full of business people so perhaps there was a conference on or something. Breakfast was good although tables are very tightly squeezed in together, personally I prefer a little more space.  All in all, was OK for one night but if I was in the area again I think I'd try an alternate place.",Date of stay: September 2012,3.0
3629,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3630-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Perfect Stay - Quiet,"You can't beat the proximity to the Heathrow Express and the Underground. Excellently maintained, surprisingly large, quiet rooms. Wi-Fi was not over subscribed even though the hotel appeared to be full.",Date of stay: October 2012,5.0
3630,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3635-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,The only place to stay,"Great location right above Paddington Station, staff very friendly great concierge, had a minor maintenance issue with air conditioning while I was there and was attended to immediately, big room for London, recommend thoroughly especially for he great location",Date of stay: October 2012,4.0
3631,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3635-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Excellent hotel, will stay there again","We only spent 1 night at this hotel but were very impressed.   Everything about the hotel feels like quality and luxury, the staff were helpful and extremely polite. We could not fault our room. The only improvement would be more affordable wifi which we couldn't justify paying for. ",Date of stay: September 2012,5.0
3632,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3635-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,First Class All the Way!,"The Hilton Paddington is the best place to stay while in London.  It's adjacent to the Paddington Train station and is just across the street from the Paddington Underground.  Easy access from Heathrow via high speed train that runs every 1/2 hour which is very comfortable.  The guest rooms are very comfortable, laid out well with a nice desk area and sleeping area.  They offer complimentary coffee and tea in your room.  With my Hilton Gold Level we were offered complimentary breakfast daily and it was GREAT!  Omelettes made to order, delicious baked goods, fresh fruit, meats, cheeses, etc.  A great way to start the day and is enough to hold you over until dinner.  All of the hotel and hotel restaurant staff were very accommodating and friendly.  The hotel is within walking…",Date of stay: September 2012,5.0
3633,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3635-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,I keep coming back...,"...cos I love this hotel, the staff, the rooms, the exec lounge looking over the station - its just great. Clean, quality kit, good wifi (free for HHonors Gold) and quality breakfast in lounge. Still happy to keep returning",Date of stay: October 2012,5.0
3634,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3635-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great all round hotel,"Initially given a smoking room-very smelly and yuck! Immediately complained and we were moved to a nice clean room, great facilities, central with a city view, easy tube connections and friendly staff! Had a lovely breakfast and checking in and out was easy! Would definitely visit again!",Date of stay: December 2011,5.0
3635,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3640-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Hilton Paddington,"Great location for taking the train and nicer accommodations for the price?   Ask for newly refurbished rooms.   Be aware they do have a lot of windy hallways that seem to go on forever.   Wifi could be more affordable.  Only other negative was the awful so called omelette I ordered, extremely flat and almost fried looking.",Date of stay: October 2012,4.0
3636,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3640-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Loved it!!,Stayed for 2 nights and loved it! Amazing location - close to the tube/train stations. The hotel was very clean and tidy.   The staff were so helpful and I would definitely recommend this place!! I would go back in the future!  Made our London trip very enjoyable,Date of stay: November 2011,5.0
3637,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3640-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,An Ultimate place to stay in London,"I had been so many times to London - a favourite metropolitan destination of mine - and I had experienced different stay locations in the city, and had gotten used to some around Marble Arch (for Oxford Street proximity) and Kensington (for a calm but close location). However in my last vacation this summer with the family I truly discovered the ultimate hotel: Hilton London Paddington.  I will start with the residence itself - in one word fantastic. All staff are amiable. The standard room is of decent level and spacious enough. Breakfast is excellent with major ingredients present to make your day. Then the location couldn't be more perfect (although the hotel is worth any, but you still need to move easily in London to make the best of it). Not only Paddington station is a…",Date of stay: June 2012,5.0
3638,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3640-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,2 stars experience at 5 star prices.,"Had booked a deluxe room but were given a standard, and I am a HH Gold member. Managed to get the room I had paid for after calling the front desk, in my second room I found the bathroom dirty with urine on the toilet seat - disgusting. All in all a terrible experience and I couldn't be happier to leave.",Date of stay: September 2012,1.0
3639,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3640-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Very good hotel,"Nice and big rooms. Typical of the high Hilton standards. Hotel is connected to Paddington station, which makes it easy to use the Heathrow Express as well as hop on trains to other parts of the UK.   Wish the chargeable room internet was made more affordable.",Date of stay: October 2012,5.0
3640,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3645-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Fantastic......but who is settling the bill?,"I stayed here ten months ago on business for a couple of nights for a conference that was taking place in the hotel and was very impressed. In a lot of hotels with a grand entrance, it usually stops once you get to the rooms and becomes a bit more standard, however all of the way through the lovely Edwardian feel and decor is there that even extends into the rooms with lovely touches of walnut and a feeling of  quality.   Breakfast was fantastic and the waiting staff were superb and of course the location is fantastic for the Heathrow Express and Paddington station as it is built into the station.  I was planning on returning this month for the reason of location and previous experience, however I had no idea of the price of the rooms. Just looking this evening, they start off…",Date of stay: November 2011,5.0
3641,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3645-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Clean. comfortable, convenient","Nicely finished rooms. Good breakfast. Comfortable bed. Overall - things done well, no fuss. A mark off for the slightly mean provisions in the exec lounge and the gym which is needing new equipment.  I don't usually use this hotel in London as their rates are outwith what I can pay when on business (had a special code this time). Therefore if I am to come back, the rates need to be a bit more reasonable.",Date of stay: September 2012,4.0
3642,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3645-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,great location / great hotel,This hotel has a great location and is easily connected to the rest of london and the underground system. The staff are really good and happy to help. the exec lounge is well run and looks after guests well. its is a large hotel that is over 6 floors and has new and older rooms. i have stayed in both and they are very clean and well looked after. the cleaning staff are very good and the staff make you very welcome. plenty of places to eat around the hotel. great to see high standards in a bust hotel they really want to make sure you have a good time.,Date of stay: September 2012,4.0
3643,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3645-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Convenient,"This place was perfect in terms of convenience. I needed one night on my way out of Oxford and wanted to be able to hop onto the Heathrow Express the next morning without much bother. The rooms are pleasant, pretty much how they'd be at any Hilton. The staff, however, weren't at all interested in being welcoming. I got there 3 hours before check-in. I definitely understand that the room might not be ready, and in fact it wasn't. I was told to come back in an hour. So after finding the pub right in Paddington, I came back an hour later. They acted as if I was bothering them. I sat and read. Precisely at 3 they told me (and all the other people waiting) that the rooms were ready. Eh, not horrible, but also just sort of obvious that they have rules and they stick to them and so…",Date of stay: September 2012,3.0
3644,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3645-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Not for Family or Couples...Just Businessmen,"Wanted to stay at the Hilton Paddington for its access to Paddington Station and were just staying for an overnight.  Elegant in appearance, superior access to the train station just through the lobby door!  But the most congenial were the porters and doorman.  Reception seemed unclear or having trouble with English.  Restaurant was very noisy with the small business tables adjacent.  Service in the restaurant was okay.  In the morning, we had a prepaid breakfast but it was buffet again!  Ugh!  We had been told it was a served breakfast.  Just through the lobby and into the train station were so many other options for a delicious breakfast of any kind.  And...we didn't get any of our Hilton Honors points because we had prepaid with our travel agent...who got the points???? …",Date of stay: May 2012,2.0
3645,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3650-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Beware of wrong room,"I have stayed many times in this hotel and of course the location is king if you travel from/to Heathrow. Rooms have been improved and refurnished during the years and you pretty much get what you expect from an U.K. Hilton, an okay stay.  This time however was horrible. I was given a room (sorry cannot remember the number) on the first floor facing a loading dock or similar. There was a constant noise of traffic; lorries and people shouting while working starting approximately at 3am. I am not a light sleeper but rest of my night was ruined. I understand this is a city hotel with some outside noise but make sure you get a quiet room when checking in. Manager on duty promised a better room for me next time.... let's see if their CRM is up to date if I come back...  I still…",Date of stay: July 2012,3.0
3646,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3650-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Very convenient!,"I stayed here in September 2012 based on a recommendation from a friend that had recently visited London.  I loved it.  It was very convenient for us after arriving on an overnight flight --- they seemed to realize how exhausted we we were and our room was ready (and the were fast at check in) at 2:30 in the afternoon.  I thought the bathroom was great - huge - and the room wasn't as small as i had expected for London.  Very, very close to the Underground.  We didn't eat breakfast in the hotel - it always seemed crowded and we were usually in a hurry to get out - but there are plenty of little bagel shops and such across the street.    As for nightlife, you are just a few stops over from Leiceister Square - which was very convenient because we went out every night!  I would…",Date of stay: September 2012,5.0
3647,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3650-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great option near paddington,"What you come to expect from Hilton - nice hotel, well staffed, with rooms nicely appointed.  The staff is a bit 'stiff' but I suspect that is the British way.  You don't get the warm and fuzzies but you do get excellent service.    The only negative was the maze that was the path to my room....it did make me wonder what i would do in an emergency. So much so that I made it a point to locate to two closest exits to my room and counted the doors between my room and the exits.  Just in case.    Other then that little paranoid item, I recommend the Hilton if you want to be located near excellent public transportation.",Date of stay: August 2012,4.0
3648,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3650-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Choo, choo travel, sleep and enjoy","This is a Hilton and you get what you expect. Rooms cleaned and very well equipped. I should say that it is a shame that the WiFi is so expensive, but I guess is something endemic in London (Hiltons, Novotels, etc.) It is a bit pricy, but you are paying being in fron of Paddington station, which it is very convenient if you are going to or coming from Heathrow Airport. You also are very close to many places, including Hyde Park, restaurants and of course Metro Stations to go almost everywhere in London.",Date of stay: September 2012,4.0
3649,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3650-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Splendid and Useful Location,"As far as location goes, this hotel couldn't be more adequately sited.  Atop the Underground (three lines: District, Circle and Bakerloo) and with National Rail's Paddington Station at its back one can easily travel between Heathrow (via Heathrow Express) and within London.  It is expensive, however (hence the 4 rather than 5-star rating); most likely due to said location.  The staff was more than helpful and after a week's stay recognized us so that we almost felt like family.",Date of stay: September 2012,4.0
3650,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3655-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Met my expectations, yet ... expensive","The hotel is of classical style, well kept which is probably a challenge in older buildings.  The staff is amiable, maybe a bit 'stiff upper lip' at the front desk. Furniture impeccable, room and hotel clean throughout.  I received prompt responses to my requests for bathrobe, temperature increase in my room, or fixing my lock.  Yet ... room locks seem to be a problem in this hotel. Or all reviewers reporting this problem had the same room ;-) . Each time i had to sweep more 30 to 50 times to eventually get the green light. Usually a staff would find me struggling and offer help. 3 changes of key and a  maintenance visit later, no improvement. A pain...  I may have been lucky with the room.  It was a room for disabled people, as the bathroom (discrete) equipment showed, but for…",Date of stay: August 2012,4.0
3651,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3655-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great Stay great location,"We stayed at this hotel twice in September the first for 3 nights and the second for 1 night. Both occasions were excellent the staff was very helpful, the room was very clean and large we were in an upgraded room. The executive lounge was also very good. The hotel is in a great location a quick trip fom Heathriw and access to all attractions with the underground very close.",Date of stay: September 2012,5.0
3652,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3655-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great for Heathrow. Quiet rooms.,I was very satisfied with the comfort of the rooms and slept well. It was extremely quiet and I never heard anyone adjacent. There was some considerable construction work going on I I could barely heard a thing. Only slight issue was the room was slightly warm with the AC at its lowest. I'll mention this at check out.   The reception areas are nice enough but are nothing special. At this price you might expect more of a wow factor.  The restaurant is OK for lunch but I would avoid strenuously an evening meal. There are many great places steps from the front door. Great places for breakfast on London Road and a third of the price again a couple of minutes away.  Lot of easy eating and shopping available in the rail station area. The hotel literally sits on top of the station…,Date of stay: September 2012,4.0
3653,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3655-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Really,"I am still here - not yet a night.  Five tries on entering room, two handyman stop attempts to fix the lock, overt repeat for a change and upgrade to no response by management.  Don't be fooled by express train convenience to heathrow, this hotel is anything but convenient because they don't know how to respond to problems.",Date of stay: September 2012,1.0
3654,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3655-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Lovely stay,"From checkin to checkout, we had a lovely stay at the Paddington Hilton.  There was a queue to checkin, but we were ushered over to another desk which was free to save us time. I had requested a (paid) space available upgrade through Hilton's program and we were happy to find we had been given a suite over three floors with a large terrace. It was well decorated and ""different"" in a genuinely nice sort of fashion. If I wanted to be picky, the bathroom could have been a little larger, but it was altogether lovely and I would certainly stay here again.  Breakfast was excellent, as is the club lounge generally - and it is especially handy for us as we were travelling from Paddington. Highly recommended.",Date of stay: October 2011,5.0
3655,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3660-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Fabulous breakfast!,"We stayed here as part of a group for just one night.  On arrival we were given a room to put our luggage which we were confident was safe and when we collected it it was no bother to the concierge to open the room for us.  The friendliness and helpfulness was across the board, from front desk to housekeeping.  We requested extra toiletries and they were brought to our room promptly.  The room was fairly small but well equipped and well stocked with tea, coffee and milk.  Dont go anywhere near the minibar! £4.50 for a can of coke is very unreasonable!!!!   I can't fault the hotel though!  The location is great and the breakfast was the best breakfast we have ever had in hotel! I wish we could have stayed another night just so I could enjoy breakfast again!!!",Date of stay: September 2012,5.0
3656,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3660-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Convenient, but poorly managed, false advertising, broken amenities","Initially I was very happy to arrive at the Hilton Paddington. After taking the Heathrow Connect service, I arrived at the station to find it directly attached to the Hilton Hotel. Being a Hilton Honors guest, I supposedly received a room upgrade, but I think this is just what they tell everyone. I did not notice anything special about the room. Pretty soon after arriving, I noticed that the TV menus did not work. There are about 10 broadcast channels, half of which are in English, so there wasn't much to watch. I called the reception desk several times before they finally sent someone to my room. When the engineer arrived, he said he needed to retrieve a new piece of equipment and never returned. I notified someone the following day and they said they would have it fixed, but…",Date of stay: September 2012,1.0
3657,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3660-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Not Terrible, Not Great","Me and my girlfriend stayed here from Sept. 1 thru Sept. 5th 2012.  The location is fine if you need to make a dash to Heathrow since the Heathrow Express/Connect is right downstairs in Paddington Station which is connected to the Hotel.  As for the hotel itself, it's ""ok"".  Nothing exceptional, nothing horrible.  For the price and location, I probably wouldn't stay here again, but I guess it's contigient on what your into.  I'm in my early 30's so the thing that is most important to me is nightlife.  If your coming to London to party, Paddington is not where it's at.  If your a business traveller, this is more ideal for you since you more than likely will be trying to make a smooth getaway via Heathrow once your stay has concluded.    The Rooms was almost US sized, which was a…",Date of stay: September 2012,3.0
3658,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3660-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great location,"I love the hotel it's really stylish very art deco, the staff are really good from reception, restaurant, housemaid and waiters. I had no complaints. The shower in the executive room was running cold but as soon as I reported it to reception maintenance fixed it. The executive rooms are really nice the only complaint I have is that the stand alone shower in the bathroom ran really slowly, we had a shower over the bath so just used that which was really good. It's very clean and comfortable we didn't have much of a view from the window (over the back of the hotel onto a flat roof) but to be honest that didn't bother me much because if you are in London unless you are opposite a park or the river there's not much to see. It's really close to Paddington mainline railway station and…",Date of stay: September 2012,4.0
3659,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3660-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great Weekend,"We had a 2 night weekend stay for £225 inc breakfast. Had no problem checking in early and the reception staff were excellent, our to room #620 was spacious and in good condition. No noise from traffic, tubes or passers during our stay. You can gain access to the hotel from paddington station which is very handy.  Breakfasts are really good and have a great selection. Check out was very smooth and quick. We would definitely stay here again.",Date of stay: September 2012,5.0
3660,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3665-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Great location, but some maintenance required","You can't beat the location of this hotel.  I found the service was outstanding. From a fabulous check in experience, to great service at breakfast, to the room cleaning, and the concierge/doorman - I felt like royalty! I upgraded to the terrace suite, which was really lovely.  However, the room needed a little TLC.  From skirting boards that were broken off, lights in the room and terrace needing replacing, to just a good sweep of the terrace.  Little things really. With all the current works going on at Paddington station, it was a little difficult to find the entrance from the station easily at times (however that is more my lack of directional ability than their issue!)  but just to be aware that all stairs / lifts do not lead to the hotel!! I think they could have had a lot…",Date of stay: September 2012,4.0
3661,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3665-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Disappointed, could do better.","I like this hotel. We've stayed a few times and I stayed 'solo' a few weeks ago and had a great time. Let me get the good stuff out of the way. Reception was busy but someone took us over to the one for users of the Executive Lounge and we got booked in straight away. The room was fine. A view over the roof of Paddington Station but, hey, we were hardly going to be in the room except to sleep, so.....We went down to the Lounge/Bar for a drink and something to eat before we went out. I ordered a pint of lager from a girl behind the bar. It took 2 attempts for me to make her understand my order. Alarm bells started ringing in my head. When it arrived it was 1/3rd foam, 2/3rds beer. I asked for a top-up but she just shrugged and walked away. I waited for a while until someone else…",Date of stay: September 2012,3.0
3662,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3665-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great for Business Meetings,"I recently needed a place to hold a small business meeting for a couple of days in London. It was recommended to me to try the Hilton at Paddington Station. Initially I wasn't that keen on the idea, but decided to give a try. We had the hotel provide a quote for a small number of rooms and a boardroom size meeting room with light meals, refreshments and A/V equipment, which can be expensive otherwise. As a bundle, the price was reasonable and competitive.  Best of all, it's convenient. We arrived at Heathrow Airport, took the Heathrow Express (a 20 min train ride ride) to Paddington Station, walked up one flight of stairs and right into the hotel.  The rooms in our bundled rate were the basic rooms - a bit small, so some us changed to the larger Executive Suite, which made all…",Date of stay: August 2012,4.0
3663,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3665-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Standards Slipping Slightly.....!!,The Paddington Hilton is conveniently situated at the front of the station. On this trip the hotel reception staff were friendly and attentive. Although we arrived before lunchtime our room was ready and waiting for us which was spacious and comfortable. With some time to spare we decided to grab a bite to eat and a drink in the Lounge bar area. The service was top class although the Mary Rose prawn filled baguette was very disappointing... One could hardly have called it 'Filled' and the baguette was barely 'Fresh'. On returning back to the hotel at 20:30 we thought that we would have a night cap in the Steam Bar before turning in... According to a sign on the door there was going to be a private function from 22:00 thru 03:00 in the bar area but hotel patrons could still order…,Date of stay: September 2012,4.0
3664,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3665-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Excellent Location for short stay,"Arriving on the Heathrow express into Paddington station, then a short stroll up the ramp to the hotel.  It couldn't be a better location after getting off a long haul flight.  Our room was very nice.  The breakfast was extensive and the service was great all round.  Definitely a great location for sight seeing with the hop on hop off bus service just around the corner.",Date of stay: August 2012,5.0
3665,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3670-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Lovely,"I stayed here twice on a recent trip to London , and I loved it. The first 4 nights I had a double room and was very comfortable. The bed was comfy and the internet was nice and fast. The breakfasts in the restaurant were of a high standard . And the staff were friendly yet professional. The second visit I upgraded myself to a junior executive suite, money well spent, The executive lounge is a great place to get away from everyone and the queen size bed was great. The location of the hotel is great, arrive at LHR get on the Heathrow express 15 mins later you're on the escalator and into the hotel. All in all you won't be dissapointed with the hotel . Also there are a few nice pubs nearby and plenty of places to eat I.E some really good curry places. Take the plunge book , You'll…",Date of stay: August 2012,5.0
3666,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3670-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Very Nice,"Much better than the other Hilton hotels around the area. Very clean, staff great, food great and a nice good sized room for the weekend.  If there is any criticism then it is that I have stayed here several times now for weekends away and the Stream bar is always closed for a private reception and I think residents like to be able to have a drink which is not that easy using a small bar by the restaurant.",Date of stay: August 2012,5.0
3667,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3670-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great location,"Nothing can beat this location if you're coming from Heathrow. It is also a great start for exploring London, being next to the Underground. The hotel is old and stylish, and the rooms are well sized. Due to construciton work day and night next ""door"", we asked to be moved to another room, and got to do that the next morning. During the first night, there was no noise from the construction site, but we feared it would be worse on the week-days. The next room we got was higher up, a little bigger and very nice and quiet. The staff was very friendly. Good bed, thick towels, nice bathroom, coffee- and tea-making facilities, fine cleaning, minibar with space reserved for the guests' own goods, safe in the room. The breakfast was absolutely great. They had plenty of service-minded…",Date of stay: August 2012,4.0
3668,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3670-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"A nice hotel, in a good location","The hotel is nice.  Breakfast and wireless is pricy, but thats nothing new.  Beds were comfy, room was very spacious.  Would stay again.  Of course, excellent location to get to LHR for a early morning flight.",Date of stay: May 2012,4.0
3669,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3670-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Close rest stop by Paddington Stn,"This hotel had a very comfortable room, but the noise was pretty full on, especially as our room was close to the main road (Praed St). Our welcome was ok, however the somewhat arrogant customer service man at front desk was unpleasant to deal with & off putting. The hotel is in a great location if you want to sight see, nearby restaurants are pretty good. Room is comfortable but a bit noisy depending on location. ",Date of stay: August 2012,3.0
3670,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3675-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,excellent location,"My first impression wasn't good as my card wasn't working and I couldn't get into my room - after 3 attempts at calling reception I gave up and went in search of help.  After this things improved, fruit was sent to my room and I was phoned to ask if everything was okay.  The room was beautiful and spotlessly clean with bath and shower; always a bonus in London.  I had organised 6 rooms for a wedding party and everyone was impressed.  Housekeeping was excellent and staff polite and friendly. I was unable to find my camera on my return home, but after a call to the Hilton, staff were quick to reassure me it had been found in my room.  I'm so grateful as the photos were of my daughter's wedding - many thanks to (I think the lady's name was) Justine.",Date of stay: August 2012,4.0
3671,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3675-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Brilliant location, easy access to, well, everywhere","Stayed here 1 night in August during the Olympics, and the hotel was full.  However the staff were friendly and professional, and the hotel is well organised as a whole.  The hotel is right next door to Paddington station, and Paddington tube station is immediately opposite reception, just accross the road.   The rooms were nice (5th floor), if a little on the smaller side.  I had a room facing into the centre of the hotel, no view, but nice and quiet, and I slept well.  My only issue is the speed of lifts, which were slow, and not all of them appeared to be in use.",Date of stay: August 2012,4.0
3672,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3675-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,get a free upgrade,"Stayed before, will stay again. It is expensive but it is a very nice hotel and the location is excellent if you want to fly out of Heathrow, as the Express train is right downstairs. When you book, mention that you would like to be considered for a free upgrade (there is a button on the website, I believe).  My husband did this and there was a cancellation so we where bumped to executive for free. We got a pass to the exec lounge where there was a lot of food, for lunch and breakfast, evening snack, etc.  I have done this at other Hiltons and with our family of three, it is a great savings.",Date of stay: August 2012,4.0
3673,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3675-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Totally perfect!,"I staid at the hotel for 3 nights during last July for a solo trip followed by a journey via Heathrow. The hotel is located side by side the Paddington station which has a direct rail access to the airport through Heathrow express (costs only 19 pounds and gets you there in exactly 15 minutes). This shows how suitable the hotel can be for those who need to reach the airport early for morning trips. As a result of this location hotel guests can benefit from all amenities within the large station such as Sainsburys, M&S, Starbucks, bakeries, and other food kiosks. In addition to that, just outside the hotel gates fast food lovers can enjoy KFC, McDonalds, and Burger King, all beside each other. UNDER GROUND is just at the door steps. Moreover, guests can reach the famous Edgware…",Date of stay: July 2012,5.0
3674,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3675-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Nice room, friendly staff","Nic large room with a huge and very comfy bed (it took 3 pillows to span the bed), however our room was next to the air-con but that's just luck of the draw. Breakfast wasn't very hot but good quality food. Staff were very friendly and helpful. Location is excellent with paddington tube on the otherside of the road and padington rail next door. Overall we were happy with our stay - there was a few niggly little things that a very fussy person would moan about but generally very good.",Date of stay: August 2012,4.0
3675,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3680-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Good experience,"Stayed from 14 to 16 August 2012. Comfortable hotel with nice room and bed. Excellent service from concierge who knows the way around. Friendly doorman that serves guest and passerby with smiles.  Fabulous location with direct train service to Heathrow.   Free WiFi connection is rather poor at the lobby and is costly for room connection. Overall, a pleasant and delightful stay at the Hilton London Paddington.",Date of stay: August 2012,5.0
3676,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3680-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great hotel with minor setbacks,"First of all, this is a classic hotel, not a modern glass and steel building. The location is fantastic if you're flying into Heathrow, as it is accessible from the Paddington station where the Heathrow express operates. Due to being on Circle, District and Hammersmith lines, it is ideal to get around the city too. I am not a fan of the neighborhood, not that it is not nice, just not much to do in my opinion.   The hotel check in was nice enough, as a gold member I was upgraded to executive floor, however our room was not ready at 9am, so we went sightseeing until the afternoon. Unfortunately once we returned to the hotel, the front desk agent spent another 5 minutes looking for a suitable room. Either ours still wasn't ready or they just gave ours away in the meantime.  We had…",Date of stay: July 2012,4.0
3677,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3680-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Best Hotel ever visited!,"When my mom (42) and I (13) got this, we knew it was more expensive than it was usual. But when we arrived, we were truly stunned. The hotel is magnificent, and just across the street Paddington station is waiting, taking you everywhere you want in London. Even the elevator was beautiful! Our room was nice and had exactly the right size. Everything was super comfortable, and there was place for everything. The staff was super friendly, and we found out that the receptionist talked German, and she helped us by recommending nice cafés and things worth seeing. Even the doorman always said hello and goodbye and was always smiling! The whole experience was just really nice, and it turned out as an awesome vacation! (We were staying three nights)",Date of stay: March 2012,5.0
3678,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3680-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great hotel,"This is my second time staying at this hotel.  I have been pleased both times with easy accessibility to both downtown London and Heathrow airport.  The rooms were spacious, clean, and comfortable.  Breakfast was a flavorful buffet with more selection than many other Hilton hotels I've stayed at.  I will say, however, that I stayed at the hotel during a sale, and the price did not hold up to my expectations of Hilton service.  Unless something changes, I will be reluctant to stay here again.  My only complaint is that internet is for a fee, and the desk didn't inform me correctly that airline boarding passes could be printed without purchasing internet.  They made no effort to compensate me, even when the computer and printer failed to work properly, resulting in complete loss…",Date of stay: August 2012,3.0
3679,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3680-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Bliss,and luxury","My husband and i are just back from an other trip to the HiltonPaddinton.This hotel is just wonderful.From the moment we booked in we were treated like old friends.We have stayed there many times so i do think of it as a friend.The room was so,so nice and we were given an upgrade.I have been treated very very well in this hotel and cannot wait to go back.",Date of stay: August 2012,5.0
3680,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3685-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Satisfied customer,"Stayed here on a weekend getaway and was very pleased. This hotel is an older one which has obviously been refurbished over the years, but I actually like the charm that its age gives it. And all the common areas are modern and immaculate.  I can't think of a hotel I've stayed in which can claim to be more ideally located that this one. There is an entrance in the back of the hotel from Paddington station. Off your train, 2-3 minutes later at the front desk checking in. And all of the facilities Paddington offers are minutes away.  The room we had faced an interior roof. It was very quiet. I wish that the guests from previous stays in room on higher floors would not have thrown disgusting rubbish out their windows onto the roof. It made for a sharp contrast between the lovely…",Date of stay: August 2012,4.0
3681,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3685-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Great stay, great location","After coming across a ridiculosly low rate of £95 a night for a club room at the Hilton Paddington, I thought I was going to be hard pressed to be impressed, but in the end a very happy stay!  As others have said, location is spot on right next to Paddington station, so convenient for the tube, trains and buses that all go by, plus you are a very short walk away from Hyde Park or Oxford St too.  Was given a massive room, with more space than I've ever had in a hotel room!  High high ceilings, really big bathroom with seperate shower and bath.  Whilst the decor does feel a little dated, it certainly wasn't tired.  Just more in keeping with the old building that the hotel occupies.  I was more surprised that I didn't get hear any noises from the station or the road on the side of…",Date of stay: August 2012,5.0
3682,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3685-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great room and great location,"We stayed for 3 nights during the Olympics.  We also stayed at the Doubletree Tower of London for 4 nights just prior to this stay.  This hotel was much better than the Doubletree.  We were upgraded to a KING room (hard to come by in London).  The room was large by American standards, let along European standards.  And the bathroom was huge.  Furnishings were outstanding as well (very new).  The location can't be beat.  You can easily haul your luggage from the train to your room (there is an escalator or elevator to get to the hotel).  However, there are two sets of doors that are NOT electric.  Not sure why the hotel wouldn't invest in automatic doors when 99% of the people using those doors have luggage.  The location is accessible to several underground lines as well as a…",Date of stay: August 2012,5.0
3683,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3685-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Huge Disappointment,"I've never had an issue with Hilton at numerous locations in the U.S. and had the same expectation in London for this international brand. And this location seemed perfect for one night to transition arriving by train on Sunday evening to depart the next morning to Heathrow and home. Weather was hot and the room, which we had paid to upgrade to deluxe, was quite hot as well. My wife and I set the air conditioner on full cold/max fan and went to dinner. When we returned, it was no different - uncomfortably hot. I called reception and asked for another room. I was told to wait for building maintenance to come and check on things. I said please move us now so we can go to sleep and was told no, you have to wait for the mechanic. After roasting 30 minutes while the mecanic worked on…",Date of stay: August 2012,2.0
3684,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3685-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Very convenient!,"We stayed for three nights recently; the room was incredibly clean and well-kept, and noise from the station was hardly noticeable, despite the close proximity!  We both slept really well every night.  All staff we spoke to were helpful, and it was useful to be able to leave our bags so close to the station both before we checked-in (we arrived very early) and also before travelling home.  It was handy to have the amenities of the station so close, and also an easy walk down to Hyde Park and beyond for sight-seeing in London.  Would gladly return.",Date of stay: August 2012,4.0
3685,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3690-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Not the most luxurious but super convenient.,Stayed here for two nights on a brief stay in London.  Very easy access from Heathrow and right in Central London. Comfortable but not luxurious rooms. Fine for a few nights and to get in and out of the city.  Didn't try any room service. The PAddington station shops and little eateries were handy.,Date of stay: September 2011,3.0
3686,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3690-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,A labyrinth on top of Paddington Station,"You couldn't get a hotel any closer to Paddington Station, though if you're leaving before 6am they lock the easy access doors that lead into the station so leave extra time to 'go the long way around'.  The hotel itself feels like something out of the Matrix, a labyrinth of corridors and hallways with thousands of doors leading off them.  The rooms are large for London but are very standard. Somewhat tired bathrooms with chipped enamel and porcelain.  No ambience but you don't stay here for ambience, you stay for its proximity to Paddington Station.",Date of stay: August 2012,3.0
3687,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3690-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Nice stay...great location,"Had a nice stay. Location is perfect if you travel into Paddington by train, as you can leave your baggage to collect later on your last day. My room was small but well appointed. Reception staff were really nice. Overall would be happy to stay here again.",Date of stay: August 2012,4.0
3688,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3690-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Perfect location, great hotel!","This hotel has the perfect location for getting Paddington station. We stayed for one night and the following day we left our suitcases and then picked them up just before getting the train home.   Room was great, with tea and coffee making facilities, couldn't hear any noise even though we could literally see into Paddington station.  Had dinner in the hotel, there was a set menu so decided to go for that. It was good value but the portions were a little on the small side. Probably go somewhere else for dinner next time. However, the breakfast was great, freshl squeezed orange juice and literally anything you want including pancakes and made to order omelettes. Definately don't need lunch after that.   Not the best value hotel to stay in but is so convient for Paddington it is…",Date of stay: April 2012,4.0
3689,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3690-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great Base for quick trip to London,Stayed one night - arrived by train - left from Heathrow.  Great location - in train station.  Staff was helpful.  Exactly what you would expect from Hilton.  Only complaint - no free wifi in rooms.  Why????  It is free in the lobby but you have to pay in the room.  Regardless - would stay again - especially for quick trip.,Date of stay: August 2012,4.0
3690,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3695-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Excellent location for station & underground!,"Stayed for one night on a recent trip to London. The 'footbridge' to the hotel is located up the escalator opposite platform 2, which was very easy to find! Check in was quick, however the make staff member on duty was rather rude and did not make me feel welcome at all, hence the 3 stars! I was asked for my credit card without a please or thank you and was told my room number but not directed to where the lifts were. Found him quite dismissive. However the concierge who were dealing with other guests luggage, was exceptionally friendly and polite.  Room was clean, bright and a perfect temperature!  I would not hesitate staying at the Hilton Paddington again due to the location. ",Date of stay: August 2012,5.0
3691,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3695-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,hot days means hot nights,"The staff at this hotel were very helpful and on top of everything. Although when we tried to check in, the computer system was down so we had to store our luggage til later. It may have been an indicater of some things that do not function that well at this hotel. the Elevators are slow and sometimes it seems the messages said "" out of service"" while you are indeed traveling from one floor to another. The room was hot at night with the AC unable to fully cool the room after a very hot day. Do not check into the top rooms with skylights during hot weather as the room gets very warm. We were on the 5th floor and even when the maids opened the blinds mid day it changed the comfort of the room at night becasue of the heat/sun coming from the window.  The staff in the dining were…",Date of stay: August 2012,3.0
3692,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3695-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Good location,"The main benefit with Hilton Paddington is the location; it is conveniently located almost in the station. It will take you a 5 min walk from the Heathrow Express. Everything else, i.e. the room, the service, the cleanliness, etc is on a level that you should expect from an Hilton hotel. No complaining but no extras either. I heard that some had problems with the outside noise level. My room was facing the station on the 3rd floor and I didn't have any noise-problems at all.",Date of stay: August 2012,3.0
3693,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3695-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Not Bad if the price is right,"Only stayed one night but the rooms were obviously recently refurbished and of a good standard, although ours were quite small and compact but the bathrooms were of a good size and standard. our room was on the Paddingtone railway station and it was noisy at times  during the night  but not it was not constant. The location for transport is good with a tube station right across the road. Only two lifts working when we stayed which created waits for them. Only ate breakfast here but the staff were very attentative and friendly. As a busines hotel this is fine and would stay again for business especially having the tube so close.",Date of stay: August 2012,3.0
3694,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3695-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Great hotel, great staff, great location.",I stayed here with my wife for one night during the olympics. Everything and everyone from the moment we arrived to the minute we picked up our luggage from the concierge were great. The room was a great size as was the bed. There was fresh coffee available and a great selection of teas and coffee. The room was well equipped with all mod cons and as this was a standard room we were very impressed. As a nice touch the staff left a complimentary bottle of wine and fresh fruit in our room for our anniversary. If I had to find fault it I would have expected free wifi as standard but I wouldn't complain as this was a leisure trip and not a business trip where I would need internet access. For a very reasonable price I couldn't have been more pleased. It's location next to Paddington…,Date of stay: August 2012,5.0
3695,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3700-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,excellent hotel,"i stayed at the london paddington recently just for one night with my children and husband. we were flying from heathrow and this was excellently located for catching the connect to the airport. we received a room upgrade as my husband is a honors member for ourselves and ""the kids"". both rooms were lovely and we each received chocolates and cookies which was a nice touch. we would definately stay here again",Date of stay: July 2012,5.0
3696,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3700-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Great location, rooms more like an American hotel than an English/European hotel","I stayed here in late 2011 on a business trip for one night, prior to flying back home to the US.  Service: good, although I only interacted with the front desk staff.  Value: the price of this hotel isn't inexpensive, but considering how nice the rooms are and the location of the hotel, I'd say is worth it  Sleep Quality: the beds are absolutely wonderful for anyone (like me) used to the big, plush American-style hotel beds, which sets this hotel apart from other hotels in England/Europe  Cleanliness: hotel was very clean  Location: the location is great and very convenient to both London-Heathrow (connected via Heathrow Express train) and other parts of London.  Staying here is a fantastic alternative to staying on-site at London-Heathrow as it is less expensive than the…",Date of stay: September 2011,5.0
3697,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3700-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"3rd stay, still recommend","This was my third stay at the Hilton Paddington...just one night this time, to be close to the Heathrow Express.   Great location, connected to the Paddington Station for the trains and the Metro. Definitely needs some tlc on the decor, have seen no improvements in the 3 years I've been coming here.   Yet it is comfortable and clean.  Nice large rooms and bathrooms.  All the amenities.   Again, can't beat the location and the price!",Date of stay: August 2012,4.0
3698,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3700-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Central hotel good service,"Stayed for one night during Olympic period! The hotel was busy granted but service was of a high standard! An upgrade to a suite as a HH Diamond was appreciated! Spacious, clean room well appointed over court yard which was really quiet for a centrally located station hotel!  Executive lounge was excellent food great quality and a wide range available. Staff very helpful. As this hotel is in Paddington station lots of facilities nearby Starbucks, M and S Food etc very convenient.  Would definitely stay here again impressed ",Date of stay: August 2012,4.0
3699,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3700-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Excellent stay during Olympics,Stayed for 10 days during the Olympic period - two executive rooms for family party of four.  The location could not be better for getting around London and for Heathrow access. Four subway lines in the Paddington station plus the nearby Central station at Lancaster Gate put all of London in easy reach. The many services and stores available in the station are a real plus as they stay open late.  Hotel staff was accomodating and accessible throughout our stay. The breakfast was quite complete and service was attentive and efficient. Food selection was broad with a chef available for omelets and custom eggs.  The executive lounge was well stocked with beverages and there was a very generous 2 1/2 hour happy hour each night with nice hor d'oevres and a variety of wines and beers. …,Date of stay: July 2012,5.0
3700,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3705-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great location experience better than last time,"The hotel has a great location in London with great access to Heathrow Airport (I believe 15 minutes or so). The service in the lounge is courteous and swift but the chef has to eat a baguette once himself. I cannot imagine he has done so lately. Please please bake the baguettes which you serve. Now it is just defrosted and served which is not acceptable to be served anywhere. The rooms were larger than I recall and were equiped with all the necessary. Breakfast selection was extensive and good. Most hotels in uk forget not everyone eats Full Engelish and often very disapointing. Here the selection was fresh, abundant and plentyfull. My request for a nice cappucino was served quickly and without any trouble. Check in was okay, same as check out. Nothing special really, it lacked…",Date of stay: July 2012,4.0
3701,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3705-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Great, for the price I paid!","The Hilton Paddington is a pretty nice hotel. It's part of the Paddington station building itself, dating from its time as as the railway hotel of the Great Western Railway (other former railway hotels still operating in London include the Renaissance St Pancras, the Andaz Liverpool Street and the Landmark at Marylebone). As a consequence, location is fantastic, it sits directly above Paddington tube station, so is perfect for exploring London.  After a friendly and professional check in by a young lady who was in training (didnt catch her name), I was allocated room 259. I thought the room itself was perfectly serviceable. A lot of previous reviewers mention that they think the hotel needs refurbishment, where'll their expectations must be stupidly high as I had no problems at…",Date of stay: August 2012,4.0
3702,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3705-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Always good,"Have stayed here a number of times with work.  This place is extremely well located (part of Paddington station) and the service and quality are very good, and extremely consistent.  The rooms are large and clean, the beds comfortable, the bathrooms a little dated.   I seem to always end up with a room that you feel like you have walked a mile to get to, winding around corners, but they are good, quiet rooms. Make sure you don't get a room by the elevator as they can be noisey.  Would definitely recommend staying here for business, or for visiting London on holiday.",Date of stay: February 2012,4.0
3703,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3705-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Nice Building,Unfriendly staff","Lovely old building in a convenient location near Paddington station and edgeware road. The rooms are done out with art deco furniture, long mirrors and marble bathrooms but unfortunately the staff all seem to look down their noses at you. We witnessed with our own eyes the way in which they treat people based on how they look and what they are wearing. Hideous way to discriminate when they've all paid the same price! I wouldn't return unless I was wearing a suit!",Date of stay: September 2011,3.0
3704,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3705-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,GREAT HOTEL BUT NOISE IS AN ISSUE IN THIS HOTEL,"This was my first stay at this Hilton property. As this Hilton is almost an extension of the super busy Paddington train station, did not have high expectations. However I was positively impressed at the Hotel. Positive aspect of a hotel within Paddington Station was that taking very comfortable Heathrow express from Heathrow airport, I was at check-in counter of the hotel within 20 minutes of leaving the airport. Smooth check-in experience. Room was small yet of decent size. Bathroom was again nice. Executive Lounge was well supplied and during  both the cocktail hour and in  the breakfast, food was abundant and of good quality and taste. Wi-fi service was great in the entire hotel.   I did encounter problem with noise and that not from the trains or from the  busy street next…",Date of stay: August 2012,4.0
3705,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3710-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Good Location ! Expensive Extras!,Good location next to paddington train station even an entrance into there from station and facing tube station Hotel was clean and nice and the room was spacious Good bathroom great shower Breakfast was nice included in price for us However if paying on day is very expensive also wifi is £15.00 for 24 hours a DISGRACE and the mini bar £4.25 for a small bottle of water DISGRACE  hilton makes enough on room why charge these High  prices for Extras no need hilton sort it out,Date of stay: July 2012,4.0
3706,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3710-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Fantastic hotel with location to match,Great hotel. Huge rooms. Staff can't do enough for you. Fantastic location access to Paddington stn through hotel with access to London underground too. Amazing breakfast selection . Would stay again definitely,Date of stay: July 2012,5.0
3707,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3710-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Convenient Location but Older Property,"We stayed here in July 2012 and enjoyed the location at Paddington station, which is great for jet lagged passengers taking the Heathrow Express Train to the hotel.  We upgraded to a suite so we would have more room for our daughter to stay with us.  Breakfast was included in the suite deal but surprisingly, wireless internet is an extra charge at this property.  I was able to go jogging through Hyde Park in the morning, which was convenient place for running.  The Circle Line tube entrance is right across the street, which we used extensively during our stay at this hotel.  The suite was quite large, but was fairly dated in terms of the interior of the room.  I'm not sure when this property underwent a refreshening, but based on our suite, it was quite some time ago.  The most…",Date of stay: July 2012,3.0
3708,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3710-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Heritage Building with Excellent Location,I spent a day in this hotel in June'12 on a business trip. Location is excellent as one doesn't need to take a cab after taking Heathrow express line.   Staff was ok and can/should be more courteous. They neither bother to offer a room upgrade inspite of being the top level Hhonors member nor mention about the facilities of Executive Lounge. Room was average size with all the required facilities.   Lobby is a bit crowded and full of noise but you can't help it as it's just the extension of the station.   What i really liked was the location of the hotel but it needs to spruce up on the customer friendliness of the staff.  All in all a good hotel for business stay though not really Value for Money.,Date of stay: June 2012,4.0
3709,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3710-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Good location for Heathrow connection,"Spent one night here after arriving at Heathrow. Easy transfer from Heathrow Express even with a lot of luggage. Hotel room ok fairly basic for the room cost. Hotel restaurant was good, particularly breakfast. If you have a Hilton priority there are probably better Hilton options in London that are cheaper and justify the taxi fare from Paddington.",Date of stay: September 2011,4.0
3710,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3715-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great Room Terrible Staff EXTRA CHARGES,"The staff was very snobby and rude. I am not your typical Hilton traveler I guess. I was treated with absolute disrespect by every member of the staff. Security was massively high because the olympics they demanded to search my bad before putting it in the luggage room.  Not OK. In the lounge they held my card in fear I would run off without paying my bill. A terrible, snobby experience, not warm or welcoming in the least. That said a great room with good products.",Date of stay: July 2012,3.0
3711,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3715-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great location,"We stayed for two nights with two young kids. The location is great - situated right inbetween Paddington station and the subway. So we got off the tube (from the airport with our bags), walked across the road and into the hotel lobby. Friendly staff. Great spacious room (suite with two TV's and seperate room with pull out couch for kids) for 4 which included access to the business lounge (where my hubby and kids could go any time for snacks and drinks and have a view of Paddington railway station). The price was reasonable for what we got included.",Date of stay: May 2012,4.0
3712,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3715-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Hilton Paddington,"Great location on the Heathrow express line. From the Exec. lounge , you can see the train station. Good food in the lounge. Very comfortable bed, and very clean room. It us a little pricey, but worth it.",Date of stay: August 2011,4.0
3713,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3715-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Our favorite hotel in London,"We've stayed at the London Paddington many times.  The Hotel serves its guests at a high standard and is a wonderful Central London location.  The staff is attentive and professional. The hotel itself is huge but has a comfortable and friendly atmosphere.    Take the Heathrow Express directly from Heathrow to Paddington Station then walk right into the hotel without even going out into the weather. The cost is reasonable, timing is frequent, and reliable. The breakfast buffet is plentiful and good quality as well as a safe place to try things like haggis if you're a little adventurous.   The hotel and station have a number of restaurants, two grocery stores, clothing stores, book stores, and ready transportation via train, tube, and taxi right at the door.  For those with a…",Date of stay: November 2011,4.0
3714,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3715-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Not up to standard for Hilton,"Apart from the fact that I was propositioned in the lift by a delightful Asian lady I found my room too hot , the aircon could not cope with the temperature and was noisy throughout the night. Room was tired and needed a makeover, although the bed was comfortable, if only,I could get to sleep Would not stay here again.. It was reasonable though at £105 for B&B",Date of stay: July 2012,2.0
3715,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3720-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Location..Location. Location,"My husband and I spent the first two weeks of July in London...business and pleasure. We usually stay at a lovely, small boutique hotel in Kensington near all of my favorite London haunts. This is my 14th visit to London in the last 12 years. But for business travel reasons my husband decided to join business associates at this hotel. I was disappointed and not happy with some of the Trip Advisor Reviews. We were booked into an executive room and at check in we told them we had heard that some rooms were very noisy because of the underground station construction taking place around the hotel. They upgraded us as expected and our room (414) was quiet, large with a queen bed, small sitting area, desk area, good size entry way and closet, large bathroom with single sink, tub/shower…",Date of stay: July 2012,5.0
3716,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3720-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Step out into Paddington Station,"This is an excellent hotel that doesn't take advantage of the many travellers that pass through Paddington Station. We paid £150 for a night's stay in a 'luxury double room', which included breakfast.   Our room was spacious and clean, and had all amenities such as iron, hairdryer, TV, iPod dock etc. The shower and the air conditioner could have been better, but they were good enough.   The hotel itself is well maintained, and staff are courteous and professional. Breakfast is a real highlight, as there's so much on offer. Try the hash browns!",Date of stay: July 2012,5.0
3717,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3720-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"So, So","Positive: Location, very good breakfest, friendly and sympathetic waiters & waitresses (at the breakfest), large room. The hotel needs a refurbishment.",Date of stay: August 2011,3.0
3718,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3720-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Perfect location and very quiet,This hotel is part of the structure of Paddington Railway station . Despite this it was silent within . The location is superb if you are coming in by train from Heathrow as you just walk off the concourse into the hotel.it is located above several tube lines too which go across London including a direct link to the West End . My room had a high ceiling and was spacious . Bed was perfect and the tv has international Channels too . Large bathroom with lots of toiletries . Very good and not expensive . ,Date of stay: July 2012,5.0
3719,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3720-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Beware Building Works!,"Excellent location and this hotel is normally first class and the staff are still helpful and the breakfast very good.  Our stay was however ruined by the major building works being carried out right by the side of the hotel all day and night, which caused a very sleepless night.  Even after a room change things were only slightly better.  The key cards to the room also did not work most of the time and even caused an immediate room change on check in.",Date of stay: July 2012,3.0
3720,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3725-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Good Location,"Arrived unfortunately just after an incident and Police all over reception and floor 5 cordoned off! Not a good start.  Rooms were really nice and spacious, no noise.  Had arranged a 3 course meal for our group and the food was brilliant.  Staff so helpful and asked more than once if everything was to our satisfaction.  Really welcoming and friendly and thats where it stopped.  Our group asked if they had another bar as the lobby bar is right in the dining area and as people were still eating we wanted somewhere else to sit, chat and drink. Went to concierge and he told us to go in the Steam Bar.  Walked through the door and  was suprised to see all the seating roped off, reserved. We went to go to the bar and a member of staff came up and said they werent really open. then said…",Date of stay: July 2012,3.0
3721,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3725-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Fantastic Hotel shame they didn't warn us about the event!,"Stayed here for its central location and the room was brilliant. It was much bigger than I would have expected and the shower was fantastic, just what you need after a busy day out. The biggest and greatest disappointment was the lack of sleep. Having been to the theatre I got back to the hotel at 11pm wanting sleep and an early night as I had to be up by 9 for the next day, much to my surprise I heard music. The hotel hadn't forewarned that there would be an event on, I must have had a room right by the event as the loud disco (like a london club with lots of base) went on until 3am!!! The revealers were then rather loud leaving, meaning I only got to sleep at 4am not great when you have to be up at 8am. Its such as shame as the hotel was lovely but i'd of love to have been…",Date of stay: July 2012,4.0
3722,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3725-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Brilliant  location,"Brilliant location, express train from Heathrow and walk straight from the station via a walkway , just  so great for luggage. Close to everything and underground right there. Only issue, with the cost of the rooms on the expensive side wifi should be available in the rooms! ",Date of stay: July 2012,5.0
3723,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3725-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"great location, great price",I booked this hotel last minute and got a very good rate for the double room. Its location is supreme as it is connected to the paddington tube station. People coming down from Heathrow just need to hop on to the Heathrow express and they are there!! The room is quite decent given the fact that it is in central london. They were clean and service was also efficient. I highly recommend this hotel provided you get a good rate.,Date of stay: November 2011,5.0
3724,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3725-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Good location, good service, ok rooms","I have stayed here several times and for what I am looking for - which is mostly convenience - it works out great. Heathrow Express gets you there without ever going outside, several tube lines and trais headed west. The area itself isn't extra special but it's clean and there are a couple of nice restaurants and pubs around. The breakfast buffet is pricey but it's pretty good if you get it as part of a package. For that matter the hotel itself can be pricey but there are deals and specials. The rooms aren't special - at least not the cheap rooms I get - but they are clean, efficient, and functional. Finally, every staff member I have met has been very professional and very helpful.",Date of stay: April 2012,4.0
3725,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3730-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Perfect location, beautiful rooms","This will be my first choice in London from now on. The location is perfect, The rooms are beautiful, The straff is very serviceminded, The concierge booked a wonderful italian restaurant with short notice. I highly recommend this Hilton!",Date of stay: July 2012,5.0
3726,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3730-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,convenient and comfortable,"The hotel is right on Paddington railway station with links to Heathrow and British rail, as well as the tube - also within walking distance (20 minutes) to Oxford street. We had an executive room which gave access to the lounge for breakfast as well as snacks throughout the day and evening drinks and snacks - but if you do not access the lounge there is an array of restaurants and fast food (good ones)  right next to the hotel on the station. Slightly more expensive than some other HIltons in London but when you add in transport and food - it probably works out the same. Wireless internet in the rooms is ridiculously expensive but the public areas have free access.",Date of stay: June 2012,4.0
3727,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3730-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great location when arriving from LHR,"Very nice looks refurbished and fresh rooms. So convenient for first night in London.  Located in the train station , plenty of food and drink options.  Executive lounge for nice with an amusing view of the inside of Paddington Station",Date of stay: July 2012,5.0
3728,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3730-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Location, Location, Location.","This Hotel is located at Paddington Station, a train, taxi, bus, and tube (The Tube is London's metro subway) nexus within central downtown London. A massive building, the hotel is physically connected to it, and you can get off trains and enter the hotel without ever stepping outside. There is even shopping within Paddington station, places to eat, a pub, you name it. If you are a New Yorker, imagine a much brighter and much cooler version of Penn Station, same concept...  In the most expensive city in the world, where public transport is very good and driving a pain, this is a great hotel. If you have never been to London, chances are you are arriving via Heathrow airport, which is outside of proper London by a good clip. The easiest & cheapest way into downtown London from…",Date of stay: April 2012,5.0
3729,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3730-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Heathrow Express Hotel,"We chose this hotel because of its proximity to Paddington Station and the Heathrow Express.  It was even closer than we thought, there's no need to step outside, the hotel leads into the shopping area of the station and straight out to the platforms.  With an early flight planned for one of our party this was ideal.  The hotel itself was better than I expected for the price.  The room was larger than standard for London, as was the TV, and all the plumbing worked fine.  The art-deco styling was cool.  The double glazing worked well to shut out much of the noise, but there's no escaping the fact that we chose to stay above a busy railway and underground station on a busy street, and so there was street noise in the night, although London isn't a city for light sleepers.  The…",Date of stay: July 2012,4.0
3730,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3735-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Perfect location for business in London,"Connected to London Paddington station by a walkway (above the Marks and Spencers). Well furnished public areas which are very busy. The room was modern and well furnished - spotlessly clean. I was up on the 5th floor and it was beautifully quiet too!. I had to call maintenance a few times re air con/heating - first no heating, then once fixed no cooling! I gave up by 10:30pm. Really good to have an ipod docking station in the room to charge and enjoy the music - TV only had 6-7 channels and wifi was expensive. Not a cheap stay at almost £200, but better than many with the bonus you can leave your bag here from time you arrive to the end of the stay when you are heading back to the trains.",Date of stay: July 2012,4.0
3731,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3735-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great Location,"The Hilton is attached to Paddington station by a walkway, and just 15 minutes from the airport by Heathrow Express. The rooms are a bit jaded and shabby, but the staff are extremely helpful and more than make up for it. The hotel is surrounded by decent restaurants and pubs all within a 5 minute walk. And Hyde park is just 10 minutes away.",Date of stay: June 2012,4.0
3732,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3735-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great stay,"We stayed here one night as we were in transit from Italy to the US.  We chose it because of the convenience to Heathrow via the Heathrow Express that goes directly to Paddington station and takes only about 20 min.  The hotel is attached to the Station.  We had been able to take advantage of a special rate (one of those book now and not changeable, etc) that allowed us to get an executive suite with a terrace for a reasonable price.  The terrace was delightful and we really enjoyed our stay although it was brief.  The check in was easy and the staff were helpful and friendly.",Date of stay: June 2012,5.0
3733,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3735-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great location tops everything,"Very convenient. 15 mins from the airport via the Heathrow Express. Cross the platform, go up the escalator and you're in the hotel. The tube is just downstairs too. Because the breakfasts seem to have got good reviews I booked the room with breakfast included. To be honest, the breakfast wasn't that great and I'll do without next time. The biggest downer for me was the lack of free WiFi. Everything else was fine though. ",Date of stay: June 2012,3.0
3734,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3735-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,good but room for improvement,"The hotel is in a fabulous location and if you get the Heathrow Express you literally couldn't want a closer hotel.  Check-in when I arrived was unfriendly, the room had been booked by the organisation I was seeing the next day, the booking clearly said the guest name was my name, but I received the most blank stare because I was not Julie, i was Simon, once sorted that was fine.  The room itself, you could not have asked for more, everything at hand that you could ever need for a hotel stay.  The sleep - not great - whilst the room itself was fantastic, its location on the first floor overlooking the busy road with only wood frame single glazing did nothing to dampen the noise - not totally the hotels fault, and the risk you take staying in a major city - there will always be…",Date of stay: June 2012,3.0
3735,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3740-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Fantastic Location,"The hotel is in a great location for a site-seeing trip in London.  The Heathrow express train travels directly from the airport to Paddington Station.  Upon exiting the train you just go up an escalator and you are in the lobby.  You could not hear a train from the rooms, and the street noise from some construction was not very noticeable and was completed before bed time. Paddington Station also provides direct access to 3 different subway lines and enable you to get anywhere in London very quickly.  The subway is easy to use and much quicker than taking cabs.  The hotel was a ""typical"" European Hilton hotel.  It is in an older beautiful building, but the rooms are much smaller than a Hilton in the US.  It didn't matter, though, because we were only in the room to sleep.  The…",Date of stay: June 2012,4.0
3736,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3740-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Can't beat the convenience,Step off the Heathrow Express and you are virtually in your hotel room!  The hotel is just up an escalator above Marks and Spencer and Sainsbury's.  The tube is right there too.  And Hyde Park and Kensington Gardens are 5 minutes walk.  Great location for work or play.  I got a massive room (biggest I've ever had in London).  Large bathroom.  Only a small window and so light was on average side.  Very quiet.  Staff were helpful and I got to check in early after my long flight.  No complaints at all.  I will be back.,Date of stay: June 2012,4.0
3737,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3740-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Convenient Location,Conveniently locate within Paddington Station with easy access to London Heathrow and Several Motro lines. Rooms are nice and nicely equiped and are reasonably priced for London.,Date of stay: June 2012,4.0
3738,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3740-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Super convenient location, great service",Many positives to this hotel that is essentially attached to the Paddington station in London: - Super location that is served by train service from Heathrow (both Express and Connect) and to many other UK locations in the South East - Also attached to 3 Underground hubs making it easy to get to many London sites - Quiet in hotel despite adjoining the train station - Convenient shops and places to eat nearby - Comfy and spacious rooms that are clean and well-maintained with comfy beds - Complete breakfast buffet with lots of choices and good quality - Excellent staff service that are responsive and helpful - Fitness center available (but no swimming pool)  One drawback is that there is no self-serve business center for printing out boarding passes--you have to ask the concierge…,Date of stay: June 2012,5.0
3739,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3740-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Good room, decent service, but felt nickled-and-dimed to death","The room was pretty nice - about what we expected. The location is amazing - you don't even have to go outside to get into the Paddington station, which was super convenient both for trains and for underground access.  But we were pretty put off by the charges they wanted to level for ""extras"". Mostly the internet - free in the lobby but you have to pay if you want access in the room. 15 pounds. Per day. PER DEVICE! That is highway robbery. The hostel we stayed at gave us free wifi, sheesh.",Date of stay: June 2012,3.0
3740,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3745-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Great location, hotel has issues","The location is absolutely the best. A 15 min' ride from heathrow airport (via heathrow express) and right at the paddington tube (subway) and train station.   However, the hotel has some real drawbacks - rooms facing the front street don't have noise-proof windows; if you're on the top floors in select areas, the central cooling from the roof is noisy, so you may need to switch rooms until you find a quiet one. If you're jet lagged this is an issue.  Otherwise, everything else is really fine. I'd still recommend for anyone travelling to london for business, but just pick your room carefully.",Date of stay: March 2012,3.0
3741,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3745-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Excellent Hotel, good location","The hotel is located on a busy street but the benefit of this is that it is close to Paddington Station and Underground. There are numerous restaurants and pubs nearby and I would say there is something for everyone within 5 minutes walk. We took our 3 year old daughter and found it convenient for getting around, there is a London bus tours stop nearby and we found this the best way to get around. The hotel itself is great. The room was a little small for 3 of us but we did not spend too much time there so did not cause a problem. Breakfast was a buffet and catered for everyone. The staff were ultra friendly and could not do enough for you. Overall I would say it is great for anyone looking for a City Break, would definitely go back.",Date of stay: May 2012,5.0
3742,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3745-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,My first choice on business in London,"This hotel has always been good to stay. The last stay I had was in May 2012, for 6 days. Coming from an overseas flight from Dallas we arrived early in the day. Our room was not ready but, the staff at the Executive Lounge went out of their way to accomodate us. And the lounge is a nice place to relax while waiting to get into the room. The staff and property are superb. And being located at Paddington makes getting around so easy. As a Hilton Diamond we were upgraded to an executive level, The rooms were large even for American standards. We learned that within walking distance from the hotel are many excellent eateries. Just about any ethnic flair you would desire. I highly recommend this hotel for any business traveler.",Date of stay: May 2012,4.0
3743,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3745-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Poor service, poor room location. Diamond HHonors clearly no use...","I am a Diamond Hhonors member, staying with Hilton regularly, but had never stayed here before. Stayed last night on business, having booked in advance, and specifically asked for a quiet room on check-in (away from the road). I was advised that there were no Diamond room upgrades available as the hotel was busy. That's fine by me, I don't expect an upgrade, but did specifically ask for as quiet a room as possible. Having returned from dinner and heading to bed (at midnight) I was less than impressed to find that my room was right next to a building site, and that they were working through the night to dig the foundations!! It was so noisy that even with the windows fully closed and head sandwiched between pillows I managed a total of only 3hrs sleep. The photo attached to this…",Date of stay: June 2012,1.0
3744,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3745-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great hotel!,"The hotel is super convenient - literally joined to the train station and you can hop on the Heathrow Express from the airport and arrive at the hotel's doorstep.  Hyde Park is just a few blocks away - 2 fresh food stores in the train station, and the mini fridge in the room (small section available for personal - non mini bar items) made it easy to eat well.  The hotel room was much larger than I expected and the bed was great.  Desk and room furniture was great as well - I spent quite a bit of time there for work.  Starbucks is next to the hotel lobby.  I also have to say the GM of the hotel seems extremely involved an engaged in what is happening and guest reviews.  He comments on most every review on Tripadvisor - I contacted him just to say how great it was to see him so…",Date of stay: May 2012,4.0
3745,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3750-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,best place for convenience and accessibility,"took daughter for college graduation. we were exhausted from the time difference. could not have been a better choice for a first time to London. we travel frequently, yet two women in new city...this was the BEST choice.  heathrow express right there, with information booth! tube just down the stairs as well as 1)market area with salads n fruit, 2)starbucks out the door, 3)sushi option, 4)pub upstairs, 5)convenience pharmacy next to market.  HOTEL...rooms are kept clean, coffee,water,tea in room, maid understood we were off time, came back later. concierge guy was awesome, check-in easy. buffet breakfast classic english with poached eggs, beans, breads, fruit n cheese, nice sitting areas to wait/have refreshments.  Outside front door is currency exchange, around the corner can…",Date of stay: May 2012,4.0
3746,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3750-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Yup.  Great Location.,It was great having the Heathrow Express right out the back door and sitting on top of a Tube stop put us within 20min from anywhere.  It was a rainy weekend when I was there so not having to go outside for most anything was a major plus.,Date of stay: June 2012,4.0
3747,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3750-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Nice, but a little refurbishment needed","Just spent an evening at the Hilton Paddington in London.  I have stayed there before, and I had looked forward to this visit.   It is a very predictable Hilton property with all the amenities to be expected, but the hotel appears to be a little tired.  It is conveniently located adjacent to Paddington Station so the convenience cannot be beat....particularly if you are headed to a flight at Heathrow.  However, the public areas of the property are small, tired and need refurbishment.  The entry is not inviting, and you feel as though you are still in the train station.  The executive lounge is small and cramped....quite busy in the mornings.  One good thing is that the room contains not only a Russell Hobbs maker to boil water, but you can actually brew fresh coffee in a small…",Date of stay: June 2012,4.0
3748,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3750-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great location,"The Hilton is right across the street from the tube. Every type of nook and cranny store and restaurant is in walking distance. The business center is functional, just dont ask any questions, the staff was less than helpful. We were there the night of the jubilee and thought we would enjoy the big screen TV, The restaurant mgr. was more interested in closing, although we knew that the celebration was on, he immediately said no it doesnt come on to later, we knew the channel and when he saw it he did leave it on...as low as possible, other people came into the area and the area became busy. Other guests commented on his body language of hurry up and be over. The rooms were a nice size. Be prepared to pay for wi-fi.",Date of stay: June 2012,3.0
3749,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3750-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Ok, but outdated",Location is great. Hotel rooms need refurbishing. Rooms are not soundproof especially to the neighbor rooms.  Breakfast is good and if prepaid with 15 Gbp ok.  ,Date of stay: June 2012,3.0
3750,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3755-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Very satisfied,"arrived at 11am - checked in and given room straight away.  Room large for london, clean and well maintained. Breakfast was good selection and quality Exec lounge was good enough, though not among the best the staff there were very nice. ... and its right by the platform for the HEX",Date of stay: June 2012,5.0
3751,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3755-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Very convenient,"This hotel is located adjacent to the Paddington Train station. This makes it very easy (and affordable) to make it to Heathrow International Airport as you can catch the Heathrow Express from/to the airport every 15 minutes and it takes 15 minutes as well to make it there.   The rooms themselves are clean and comfortable.  We got a great last-minute deal on the Hilton’s website where we got the room for 119 GBP per night. Although the hotel is a bit far from the Thames and all the attractions around that area, the underground is also right next door so it’s very easy to make anywhere.   Also, there are a lot of nice little restaurants around the area. We distinctively remember eating at a Greek place only a couple of blocks away and it was delicious.",Date of stay: May 2012,4.0
3752,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3755-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,5 reasons to stay here,"Have stayed here for both business and leisure. Most recently I just stayed for 3 nights for the 'Jubilee celebrations' with my wife and two young children and would certainly recommend.   Why?  1. Great location. 15 minutes from Heathrow via Heathrow Express which takes you right into Paddington Station in where this hotel is located. Tube station right underneath hotel with access to Bakerloo, Hammersmith & City and Circle & District lines. 5-10 minutes walk away is the huge and fantastic Hyde Park. Underneath hotel on station concourse are M&S and Sainsburys, clothes shops, Starbucks, Krispy Kremes, Yo Sushi and more. Handy.  2. Quiet. I always request a room which looks on to the internal courtyard and there is no noise from trains, police sirens or other guests whatsover.…",Date of stay: June 2012,5.0
3753,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3755-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Convenient Location,"This hotel is about location.  It's 15 minutes from Heathrow Airport and it's also convenient if you want to take day trips to Bath or Oxford.  While it's not close to the major tourist attractions (Westminster or Tower areas), the tube station can easily take you to those places.  The price is also not as expensive as the hotels in the Westminster area.  Another advantage is that it has Sainsbury supermarket inside the station and in the morning you can get bagels or soup for breakfast from the stands that opened very early (5.30).",Date of stay: December 2011,5.0
3754,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3755-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great location for Paddington station,"Hilton Hotel Paddington station is a nice clean hotel,  not great location for shopping or theatres but walking distance for Paddington station and the tube.  Rooms recently refurbished clean and comfortable with not much of a view.  Executive lounge lovely view overlooking the station, with friendly staff and nice drinks and snacks.  We stayed over the jubilee weekend and was treated to cookies chocolates and macaroons, in our room which was a lovely touch.",Date of stay: June 2012,4.0
3755,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3760-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Location matters,"I've stayed at the Hilton Paddington on two different occasions, and have found it to be consistently good. The location is ideal with easy access to London Heathrow airport via Heathrow Connect and Heathrow Express, and with connections from Paddington Station to other areas in and around London.   The staff is professional, the rooms are very well appointed and comfortable, and the standard is what one would expect from a Hilton. It does not appear that the hotel has parking facilities however, but public transportation to and from should hardly prove a problem.  The hotel has a business centre but unfortunately with pay-to-use kiosk type computer facilities: definitely a no-no in this day and age. It also charges to print even a single page. While it has a executive lounge,…",Date of stay: May 2012,4.0
3756,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3760-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Very convienent,This hotel is very convienent for those who are flying into or out of Heathrow--exit from either the Heathrow Express or Connect and take a one floor lift ride and you are at the hotel.,Date of stay: June 2012,5.0
3757,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3760-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Style and history,"Built as the luxury Great Western Hotel an excellent job has been done restoring it. The rooms vary from basic to special. What is important is not to get a room that faces the main road unless you like noise. This is particularly the case at the moment because a new underground rail line is being built and a staging area is right in front of the hotel. I prefer the rooms that face the internal court yard. I like this hotel, this building has style with wide corridors and recently refreshed rooms. It is also very convenient if you are coming from or going to Heathrow. The hotel is literally over that part of Paddington Station that houses the Heathrow Express and the cheaper ""Heathrow Connect"" which makes a few stops but is half the price of the express and if you are headed for…",Date of stay: June 2012,4.0
3758,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3760-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Location Location,"I have stayed in Paddington Hilton several times and the location makes it one of my favorite hotels. It is right at the Paddington train station and the connection to London Heathrow airport takes about 15-20 minutes by the Heathrow Express train. Lot´s of restaurants and pub around the hotel. The hotel has seen it´s best days, and should be renovated. Last time I stayed in a single room, which was very very small and  the bathroom was not cleaned well. I did find lot´s of hair in the bath tub:(",Date of stay: September 2011,4.0
3759,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3760-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,perfect location,"Perfect location, obviously when you need to be near to the Paddington station. But if so, arriving at London Heathrow airport, one takes the train to Paddington and then it takes 2 minutes to reach the reception of the hotel. Nothing can beat that! Good price, GBP 99, especially as I originally ahd booked a flexible rate of GBP 136, but deceided to have another look 1 day before my arrival, and found an again flexible rate of GBP99. Mind, in the UK added taxes are high, around GBP was added to the said GBP 99. Having said so, not that impressed by the lobby area, but very nice big rooms with high ceilings, good beds, and nothing wrong with the bathroom either. Good pressure on the shower! Plenty of storage place, and a well stocked minibar. Big  flatscreen TV. In short: what…",Date of stay: June 2012,4.0
3760,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3765-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Nice Hilton in London, and much better than staying at LHR","The Hilton Hotel at Paddington station is one of my favorite overnight spots in the area. The hotel is easily reached from London Heathrow airport via the Heathrow Express in about 20 minutes. You can also reach Paddington by Heathrow Connect (a bit slower ""local"" rail service) or by the Tube (London Underground) for those on a tighter budget.   Once you reach Paddington Station, the hotel is accessible directly within the station itself. It will take you just as long to get to one of the hotels ""on site"" at LHR, but the Paddington Hilton is in London just a short walk from Hyde Park (a nice stroll last evening), Marble Arch, Oxford Street shopping, and a variety of pubs and restaurants... So much better than being trapped in a hotel  by the airport.   This morning I walked out…",Date of stay: May 2012,4.0
3761,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3765-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Location...,"Like many of the other reviews this really is a location hotel first and foremost. Located literally in Paddington station it makes a great leaping point or arrival point into London.  A few of the reviews complain about the noise, but really and truely if you are not used to a bit of noise or cant cope with it, don't get a central London hotel...  Upon arrival I was informed I had been upgraded to the Queen Suite, but was not informed of where the Executive lounge was, the times it provided refreshments or if there even was one... no other information regarding the Hotel was given to me either which I would have understood if they were busy, but I was the only person at the Front Desk being served...  The room was modern as expected, but very empty. For a suite you would expect…",Date of stay: May 2012,4.0
3762,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3765-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Won't stay again!,"Location good if you are using the Heathrow express and want somewhere convenient after a long flight but otherwise I would give this a miss. The hotel feels like it is set up mainly for business travellers. It is functional but dated. The reception staff were unfriendly at check in and check out. In fact, when we checked out and said that out bill was clear (which we knew as we had used reward points and had not had any extras) the lady seemed rather annoyed and wanted to check whether that was correct or not. Would definitely not stay here again and would not recommend as there are much better places to stay at (even within the Hilton Group).",Date of stay: May 2012,2.0
3763,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3765-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Time for a refresh,"The Paddington Hilton wins points for location (Heathrow Express and well connected to the tube), room size and the general helpfulness of staff (with some exceptions but the concierge are particularly friendly and helpful).  Minues - general ambience is very dated and definately needs a refresh.  Wifi also very overpriced !   Would I stay again?  Yes - but mainly for its transport links.",Date of stay: May 2012,3.0
3764,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3765-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Excellent Location,"Stay in Hilton London Paddington for a few days because of a conference onsite.  This hotel is located in an excellent location - with a direct indoor connection to Heathrow Express City Terminal and a walking distance (outdoor) to Paddington Bakerloo Line.    The hotel, though looks classical, is in good shape.  Room setting is good and the bed is comfortable.  The hotel breakfast and the room services are also awesome and there are lots of varieties.    The fitness center, however, is indeed very small and one would hear the traffic clearly inside the hotel room.    The check-in and check-out are efficient and the staff provides an awesome customer services.   For example, even though I would not check-in earlier in the late morning, the staff would offer me to take a shower…",Date of stay: May 2012,4.0
3765,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3770-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Wembley experience,"I was very pleased with this hotel. I loved the art deco style featured through out the hotel ,with the walnut & maple evident through out. Close to the reception area was this lovely sweeping staircase, I could just have imagined Clark Gable,Vivien Leigh walking down them. It was furnished to a very high standard. The only gripe i had was that it was like a sauna in the breakfast area the next morning. Would like to have stayed longer.",Date of stay: May 2012,4.0
3766,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3770-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Excellent location, hotel is tired an needs some love","Getting here from heathrow is the easiest ever. Directed 15min train right ton the station. The station is very active and services as a major hub in the city.   The room are very tired and it looks to me like they need some upgrading.   Breakfast is included and there's a Starbucks in the building as well.  The station also have a grocery store, pharmacy and just everything you need as a business traveller.   Internet is free in the lobby.",Date of stay: May 2012,4.0
3767,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3770-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Nothing to fault.. Great service,"I am a Diamond Honors member and booked this room with points so my expectations were that I would get a basic room with no real frills. We were totally pleased with the beautiful and comfortable room, the executive lounge services and the great staff. Totally up to Hilton Standards and highly recommended. Would stay again.",Date of stay: May 2012,5.0
3768,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3770-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,A very nice hotel.,"I was very pleased by this hotel.  My room was fairly spacious with a nice bathroom which seemed to be in good repair.  Upon returning from a day of touring, I noticed that the room was quite warm.  I called the front desk to ask for assistance, thinking it might be hours.  To my surprise the repairman was at the door in 10 minutes, fixed the problem quickly and he was on his way.  It was very convenient to the underground, as well as Paddington Station.",Date of stay: May 2012,4.0
3769,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3770-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Would book again,I had a great stay at the Hilton.  I had a lovely big room on a high floor that was nicely furnished with a nice bathroom.  The bed was very comfortable and the breakfast was excellent.  The hotel is perfect for Heathrow airport.,Date of stay: April 2012,4.0
3770,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3775-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Only in an emergency,"This is the third time I have stayed in this hotel over the last 10 years. It is terrible.  The only reason it keeps going has to be its location above Paddington Station.  It is old , tired, smelly carpet, stuffy, mouldy etc. some of the rooms face internally with only a view of another wall. Even the bigger rooms are old and tired, carpet full of old smoke residue to dust or dirt or mould.   Check in staff need to be sacked, every time this stay and last stays they are terrible, no smiles or no hello , even quite rude and difficult to understand in English !!  Porters were lovely.  Breakfast was good in the low ceiling restaurant.  If you have to stay here, go for the cheapest room, it is not worth paying a cent more for this place. Three strikes and your out Hilton.",Date of stay: April 2012,1.0
3771,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3775-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Pleasantly surprised,Was pleasantly surprised. Always thought it would be very averaged. The rooms were large for London standards. The location linked to the station is very convenient. Lots of eating places around. Overall was good value for money and would recommend,Date of stay: May 2012,4.0
3772,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3775-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Won't Stay Again,"We stayed one night here so we could take advantage of taking the Heathrow Express to catch our early flight home. This was probably the best reason to stay here as it did make it convienent to walk out of the hotel and within 5 mins be on our train. When we first checked in and saw our room I was please as it was roomy and the bathroom was also roomy, it had a seperate shower which I liked. The downfall was sleeping. It couldn't of been worse. We were at the front of the hotel on the 2nd floor and I lost count of how many sirens went by during the night and early morning hrs, and on top of it the bar just about a 1/2 a block away was pumping music till at least 3 in the morning. I may of got 2hrs sleep and that was maybe because we remembered that we had earplugs. I was also a…",Date of stay: May 2012,3.0
3773,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3775-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Back in London and a night at the Paddington Hilton!,"This is not what I would think of as a hotel I would go out of my way to stay in, it is more of a convenient clean and nice Hitlon branded hotel with good proximitey to travel both by train, airports and short stays in London where you want to be close to your transportation mode.   That being said, we are D. Club and always get a nice upgraded room and access to the E. Lounge. The staff is very nice and concierge arranged for our taxi to the airport the night before our early flight out of Heathrow. The E lounge has decent things put out for a light breakfast or lunch and a cocktail service with light snacks in the evening. They will try to store your luggage for you if you are a guest and arrive early from a morning flight and your room is not yet ready.",Date of stay: May 2012,4.0
3774,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3775-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,A conveniently located hotel,"Stayed here the night prior travelling out from Heathrow, as it offers a good location and ease of getting in and out on the Heathrow Connect, save yourself some money and take the Heathrow Connect, not Heathrow Express as half the price. Room and amenities what one would expect of Hilton. Breakfast was of a good quality, offering  a selection of pastries, fruit, cereals, and of course the full English, which was well cooked. You can save yourself the ridiculous internet charge of £15 a day by simply walking out the Paddington Station entrance and going into the Starbucks, or The Mad Bishop and Bear which Wi-Fi for the price of a coffee. I would consider staying again for the night before a flight. However, I'd pick somewhere else that dose not charge Wi-Fi for a longer trip.",Date of stay: May 2012,3.0
3775,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3780-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,A very convenient hotel!,"Travellers with large luggages would definitely appreciate this hotel. Literally steps away from the Paddington station, which makes a really easy transition from Heathrow to Downtown London to the hotel and wherever the next destination is. Dropping off the luggage is super convenient!  Quick access to train and tube stations. Our room was really spacious, bed was very comfortable. Comparing to Hilton Metropole which is 10 minutes down the street, I would pick Hilton Paddington to stay. Friendlier staff, better location, better price, and bigger room. The hotel is a bit dated, but it's got all the essentials.",Date of stay: May 2012,4.0
3776,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3780-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Comfortable hotel and an excellent location,"My wife and I stayed here for two nights on a reward stay at the end of an extended trip to England. The location, in the Paddington rail station, was our main driver for selecting it, since  it's a very short walk from the lobby to the location where the Heathrow Express departs.  Check-in was handled by a pleasant and friendly agent. We arrived around 2pm, but our room wasn't quite ready. We were given the option of taking a slightly less nice room (overlooking the street) or to wait an hour for our originally booked room. We chose the latter and had lunch nearby. On return, we were immediately given our key cards and found the room, overlooking the interior courtyard, to be large and comfortable. A staff member came by shortly afterwards with complimentary chocolates a bottle…",Date of stay: May 2012,5.0
3777,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3780-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Put us off Hilton Hotels,"Beware of signage if arriving straight off a train, it took us up an escalator with many large suit cases and through a crowded restaurant only to be ushered down 2 flights of stairs and out again. Actual arrival (further along) we had to push through large self closing doors with the large bags; don't let the nearby rail station lull you into thinking it is a handy place!  Also 'Internet Access' does not mean you have wifi in your room NO that is another £15 per day on your already expensive bill, you can use the 'Business Centre'  but you will again have to pay!  (I have stayed in better quality hotels for much less than half the price with free access.  Another annoying mini bar in the room which bills us for simply moving items around to place our own goods within. It is…",Date of stay: May 2012,3.0
3778,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3780-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Great location - good value, quiet and comfortable.","People will see from my other reviews that I regualrly stay in London Hotels and I typically target a price just over £100 per night. Recently the smaller 3/4 star hotels have significantly been disappointing and the established brands have over achieved - The Hilton hear did just that. A smallish room but it was very comfortable, well furnished and very quiet. The window faced into an internal courtyard and despite being only yards from the lifts, I never heard any sound at all. I'd definitely return and the location with Underground, Paddington station and Cabs all outside was perfect.",Date of stay: May 2012,4.0
3779,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3780-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Excellent location mainly if you use train!,"A usual Hilton but within paddington railway station!!!. Excellent location, usual ""Hilton"" service, helpful and very polite reception staff, average ""Hilton"" rooms. Highly recommended if you plan to use train as I did!",Date of stay: April 2012,4.0
3780,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3785-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great hotel,"Stay at the Hilrton Hotel, Paddington for 1 night on 19 May 2012 as part of a coach party. We were allocated a very nice room with a large bathroom. All very clean with art deco fittings. Breakfast was superb with everything you could want. All of the staff we encountered at the hotel were very pleasant and helpful. Plenty of restaurants and eating places around the hotel. We tried the Pride of Paddington pub across the road for evening meal and would highly recommend it. Couldn't fault this hotel at all and would certainly go back there again.",Date of stay: May 2012,5.0
3781,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3785-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great hotel,"Really great hotel and great location for travelling in and out of Paddington.  I got a special deal on the price which made it much more affordable.  Service was fine, breakfast was really good and the room was spacious, comfortable and quiet.  If I could get a room at the same price again, I wouldn't hesitate to come back here.",Date of stay: March 2012,5.0
3782,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3785-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Convenient location and spacious room,"We stayed here for our last two nights in London as we had to make our 8 AM flight out of Heathrow.  It's literally right next door to the Paddington station where you can not only take the train to the airport but take the underground to pretty much anywhere in London.  Our room was tasteful - especially for a chain hotel - and it was really spacious and quiet.  It's not the most charming location to stay in London but if you want convenient location to catch a train to Heathrow and large rooms, I'd recommend this hotel.",Date of stay: April 2012,4.0
3783,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3785-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Location makes this a hotel of choice,"Stayed here the night prior travelling to Heathrow. So made a day of it in London. Arrived at 2.25 pm to be told room was not ready. Would be ready by 3.pm. Invitede to use the executive lounge to wait, which we did. Went back at 3.10. Still not ready, should be ready by 4.00pm. We decided to go out and return later. At about 4.30pm following some confusion we were allocated a room. We were also give lounge access. They explained that the room was still set as a double but housekeeping would split the bed. That never happened. To be fair it was FA Cup final weekend and half of Liverpool seemed to be in the hotel. Cocktail hour which was 2.5 hours was good and breakfast was also excellent. The room was comfortable. We had booked on a Special offer in January so really not too…",Date of stay: May 2012,4.0
3784,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3785-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Good Location, Nice Hotel","I've stayed at this hotel a couple of times, both on business. It’s nice and easy to get to, as it has an entrance right off the platform of Paddington Station, which is good whether you are coming into London from the UK or from abroad. (Paddington Station is a 15-20min train journey from Heathrow Airport).  The reception staff, concierge and doormen were very helpful with everything from bag storage to local recommendations.  It’s a large hotel, and has many, many corridors. Each time I've stayed, I've always booked a non-smoking room, I honestly thought you could only book non-smoking rooms these days, but it appears not. The last time I stayed here, the hallway by the lifts did have a stale smell of cigarette smoke and did put me off a littel bit, but I’m glad to say that by…",Date of stay: March 2012,4.0
3785,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3790-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Staying here is like 'work'...not pleasent experience,"I've stayed here at least 4 or 5 times, simply because of the location and ease of getting in and out via Heathrow Express.   But it is ALWAYS very expensive, the service is actually poor, most of the staff seem miserable, and they cannot solve any problems but blame some 'outside' issue.     It's a huge hotel and I've had LONG walks to rooms and some are small, others decent sized and decor is a bit dated, beds okay but all in all nothing great.   It's usually quite crowded with business travelers and generally has kind of a 'miserable' feel to it.....staying here is like 'grinding it out' but you pay like 200 GBPs or more per night for it!!   Anyway, only stay here if you have to and no more than 1 night.....it's just not a good experience in anyway.",Date of stay: February 2012,2.0
3786,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3790-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"paddington convenience, at a price","The Paddington Hilton is a decent hotel, with a great location for those in transit at London.  It's attached to Paddington Station, and so to the train to Heathrow (save yourself some money and take the Heathrow Connect, not Heathrow Express: it takes about 10 to 15 minutes more, but costs only 7 L.).  My room was decent sized, especially for London, with reasonable amenities, EXCEPT for the shower,  The bathtub was about 16 inches wide (40 cm): literally impossible to stand on level ground while taking a shower.  At these prices (and I did get an internet deal that ""lowered"" the price a bit), they could do a lot better.   On the positive side, they have dramatically improved the breakfast: it's now quite good, a nice change from my last visit about 18 months ago. Alas, Hilton…",Date of stay: April 2012,3.0
3787,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3790-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great location for a quick stay,"Stayed here post-cruise for one night before flying out of Heathrow at 7:45 AM.  Staying at the airport was not appealling (nothing to do and dealing with Hotel Hoppa - ugh).  Arrived at hotel at 2:PM expecting to have to place luggage with valet before a quick run to west-end area.  They had a room ready!  Check-in was friendly and quick.  Assigned room 375 (4th floor for US folks).  While not large, the tall ceilings and color scheme made the room seem more spacious than it was.  Bed - comfy.  Linens - clean and crisp.  Bathroom - sparkling clean, good amenities, and wonderful shower (pressure and temp).  Room view over the roof of the train platforms.  BUT - no noise!  A room with the view of the street would have been noisy.  Also this room was at the very end of the hall. …",Date of stay: May 2012,4.0
3788,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3790-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,You don't get a tip if you demand one!,"When we arrived at the hotel, our room wasn't ready, which was fine as we were early.  The girl on reception gave me the choice of waiting or being given a room straight away with a smaller bed - I chose to wait. The concierge saw our bags and asked if we needed help.  I asked if he could store them until our room was ready, which he did.  When I told the concierge our room was ready, I thought he would bring our bags out on a trolley and take them to our room (which wasn't essential as we could manage them, but it would have been a nice touch), however he brought them out individually, put them down in front of us and then put out his hand for a tip.  We would happily tip if we thought it was deserved, however, I consider asking for a tip to be extremely rude and would…",Date of stay: May 2012,4.0
3789,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3790-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Can't beat the access,"Okay, so there are less expensive options.  You're paying for location here - really 100 steps from the Heathrow Express getting to the hotel couldn't be more painless.  And if you're willing to pay $50 for the train from and to the airport surely you can afford the room here.  Room wasn't available for very early morning check in - but I was put on a list for one of the first cleaned rooms and was settled in by 10:30 AM.  Really, I can't complain as I didn't pay for a day room (others in the queue who claimed to have done so have the right to complain).  I was a bit worried by some not so positive reviews - but honestly my room on the fifth floor was just fine.  Clean, nicely furnished and with good water pressure.  No WiFi signal, so this is being written using wired access -…",Date of stay: May 2012,4.0
3790,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3795-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"A quiet, spacious room, with lovely food and drink","I stayed here for 3 nights with work. I travelled by car and the hotel does not have a car park, it does not offer valet parking, and it has no deals with local car parks! I parked in a car park behind the train station. It cost approx £21 per 24hrs to park (you can pay via text if you don't have cash). It is approx a 10 min walk so drop your luggage off with concierge before parking your car.  On arrival I found the receptionist very attentive. He asked me about my day and seemed very genuine. I felt very welcomed.  I was soon in my room. For London it is very spacious and despite being on a busy road and next to a train station it was very quiet. The room is very modern and finished to a high standard. The bed was extremely comfortable. The toiletries provided are to a very…",Date of stay: April 2012,4.0
3791,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3795-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,OK,"This was a disappointing stay overall - was really looking forward to being in a luxury art deco hotel - the room was a long way from lifts & had to hump the bags up some steps as well - it had a small stair lift = but no instructions for use.  The room was really quite tatty - stain on ceiling, shabby paintwork, curtain off runners ( too high up to fix. )  We were tired after an international flight - so just wanted to sleep - told it was a quiet room - then had someone on the roof fixing stuff at 6pm ish - then a Very loud next door neighbour  & music pumping - bit of a shame really.  The breakfast room is very hot & stuffy - so you just want to eat & get out - not leisurely or pampered I'm afraid.  The upside is the location - easy for the station & close to Oxford circus &…",Date of stay: April 2012,3.0
3792,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3795-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great location,"Superb location for rail and other transportation services.  Room and amenities what one would expect of Hilton.  Good service.  Still in shock at having to pay UKL 15.00 for 24 hours of internet service, plus exorbitant charges for use of telephone.  The desk chair in my room was the opposite of ergonomic - non-adjustable, left me with back ache after about an hour.",Date of stay: April 2012,3.0
3793,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3795-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Unbeatable accessibility and spacious rooms!,"Right on top of the Paddington station with easy access to the rail system and subway. Huge number of decent eateries all within walking distance. The Executive Lounge and the lobby allows free wireless access. The buffet breakfast has you spoilt for choice with succulent sausages of different types, haggis and, my favourite, creamy milky oat porridge!",Date of stay: April 2012,4.0
3794,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3795-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,You pay for the location,"One of the few times that I can say that a hotel did not have anything that really caught my eye except for its location. Room is definitely overpriced {even in London}, but at least it was clean. The hotel backs up to Paddington station so it is a short walk from the Heathrow Express or other trains.  With that said, as a Hilton Gold member I will definitely stay at this hotel again, if for nothing else but the location.",Date of stay: April 2012,3.0
3795,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3800-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Room on fifth floor great,Clean. A bit of a walk from sites.  Fast to Heathrow.  Not easy with lots of bags. Daytime staff lovely.  Front desk in evening grumpy.  Good value in London.  Very large rooms,Date of stay: May 2012,4.0
3796,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3800-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Nice balcony with great view,"Stayed in a junior suite with balcony on the upper floor of the ""new"", attached building. It's quite a long walk to the room after you leave the elevator and quite annoying. Anyhow, the balcony is really nice and offers great views. It features a nice wooden floor and is equipped with modern furniture.  The room was a bit small for a junior suite though, I'd expect it to be bigger. Balcony probably as big as the rest of the suite :)  Everything else is standard like you will find in any other Hilton.  It's only a 1 min walk to Paddington Station with connections to central London and Heathrow Airport.  To fill a couple of spare hours I recommend walking to Kensington Garden and Hyde Park, it's only a few minutes away.",Date of stay: September 2011,3.0
3797,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3800-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great location!,"As most of other reviewers have described, this hotel would be the most convenient hotel you could imagine in your stay in London. This is because of its location and the Heathrow Express, you wouldn't have any problem gettin in to the hotel and going to the airport. I should admit, that the edifice of the hotel is a bit old, but you could enjoy it as a history rather than the shabbiness. Underneath the hotel, there are supermarkets and drugstores and restaurants, and in front of the hotel, there is a  24 hours open daily convenient store. The tube and the bus lines are available in 1 minute walk from the hotel as well.",Date of stay: December 2011,4.0
3798,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3800-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Good rate comfortable hotel,"As a Hilton gold member I get well looked after at Hilton hotels, this hotel was no exception, Good quiet room, comfortable bed, great staff. I may have given it excellent, but got annoyed that on check in my room key did not work, so had to return to reception with luggage twice! Eventually someone came with me, let me in to the room and requested maintenance who arrived swiftly and replaced the  batteries. So all sorted, would definitely stay here again.",Date of stay: April 2012,4.0
3799,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3800-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Well situated, comfortable, large rooms","I like this Hilton. if you are wanting a hotel with ease of access to Heathrow, then there is none better as literally 2 minutes out of the hotel backdoor you are on the Heathrow Express. The hotel itself is art deco style, the rooms are large and the beds very comfortable. There is a decent gym, but no spa facilities. The lobby area is great for informal business meetings and the executive lounge is spacious and overlooks the station concourse, so there is always something to see. being so close to the station means that there are lots of options for food to bring to the room if you don't want to pay hotel prices for drinks and snacks etc., with M&S, Paul, Sainsbury, KrispyKreme etc all accessable. Sometimes very good deals at this hotel to be had on Hilton.com",Date of stay: April 2012,5.0
3800,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3805-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Good hotel to get to Heathrow,"My family of five just stayed here for one night in April.  We are Hilton Honors members and we took advantage of a family rate offered in some Hilton hotels in the U.K.  We paid for one room and the second room was half off for the children.  We also paid in advance and saved money that way.  Rooms were next to each other and had an interconnecting door so great for families.  The rooms/baths were updated, clean, spacious and comfortable.  Temperature was great, and noise was not an issue.  Checkin was friendly but seemed like they could have used some more help at the front desk.        We chose this hotel because of its location at Paddington Station; we opted to use the Heathrow Express (had Easter promotion where children traveled for free) to get to Heathrow Airport for…",Date of stay: April 2012,4.0
3801,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3805-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,No real complaints!!,"We stayed here in Oct 2012 whilst visiting London for a show.  We found the hotel easy to find and walked to the theatre through Hyde Park which did take longer than I thought it would but it was a pleasant walk and saved us having to get a taxi or tube.  We arrived at the hotel early and didn't expect our room to be available but it was which was great.  Our room was small but clean the bedding was worn from obviously being washed lots of times but no real complaints.  The only complaint I have was when we arrived back to the hotel in the evening we decided to have a drink in the bar and I was charged over £13 for a glass of wine which I thought was ridiculous, we had just had drinks at The Goring Hotel prior to arriving back at the hotel where I would expect to be charged more…",Date of stay: October 2011,3.0
3802,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3805-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Love the location!  Close to the Tube and Heathrow Express Train!,"This is where my husband and I stay when we go to London, simply because it is connected by footbridge to Paddington Station.  We love that we can skip finding a taxi and can take the Heathrow Express to/from the airport.  Heathrow airport is only 20 minutes away from this Hilton.  I also love that, along with the train, the tube is also attached by footbridge.  There are also cafes and shops at the train/tube location.  With that said, the rooms are pretty mediocre, nothing to get excited about.  The beds are comfortable enough and the food is average.  My husband is an executive member, so most of our meals are consumed at the Executive lounge.  We typically eat outside of the hotel anyway...  Pick this hotel for convenience and a low stress experience.  We just booked another…",Date of stay: September 2011,4.0
3803,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3805-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Good location,Stayed here just one night while in London for a show. Overall a decent hotel. There were a lot of people checking in when we arrived and just one member of staff at the front desk. They were very quick to round up other staff though so check in was quick.  The rooms are quite small and do feel just a little dated. The shower in our room was just awful. Very very low pressure and it didn't feel like showering at all. I like a good shower so that's a major bad point for me.  The location is great and the hotel is connected to Paddington station which is good if the weather is awful (it was when we stayed). There are plenty of places to grab a quick bite to eat in the station and lots of convenience/supermarket style shops if you want to get a few things for the room. Beats…,Date of stay: April 2012,4.0
3804,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3805-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Location! Location! Location!,"Yup, when it comes to location the Hilton Paddington can't be beat. The Paddington Express gets you into Central London (Paddington) in 15 minutes from Heathrow. You don't need to step out, the hotel is accessible from the station area! The Paddington underground is also right below the hotel. Step out of the hotel and there's a bus stop. Hyde park is a mere 10 minute walk. There's a starbucks in the hotel and the station area has a few eating options, a Boots as well as a couple of groceries like Marks and Spencer. Really convenient!  The breakfast at the hotel was great and included fresh fruits, eggs to order, a variety of cereals etc. As for the room - there were three of us staying in the room and despite the extra bed, it didn't feel too cramped. The bathroom was big and…",Date of stay: March 2012,4.0
3805,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3810-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Handy, But Expensive","Stayed two separate times in a week in April 2012.  Super-easy to get to, less than 200 steps from the Heathrow Express train up one escalator and into the hotel lobby.    Front desk staff is plentiful and very helpful, including the concierge personnel and doormen.  Everyone treated me very well.  Ate breakfast in the hotel restaurant.  Pretty standard fare, nothing that special.  Spendy if it's not included in your room.  The hotel can be a bit like a maze upstairs, owing to the station's original architecture, not the same hall or room layout from floor to floor.  One room was very close to the elevators, and another was quite a hike.  There are plenty of signs to get you where you need to go.  The rooms were outfitted differently, one had an Ipod dock, and the other had a…",Date of stay: April 2012,4.0
3806,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3810-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Why do I punish myself?,"I have stayed in this hotel many times over the years and keep swearing I'll never return.  But I do, primarily because of convenience (it's right at Paddington train station, with several Tube lines right there) and the prices are typically lower than the Hilton Park Lane, where I prefer to stay.  A main complaint is the a/c units in the rooms that I have stayed in are antiquated - they don't allow setting to a temperature (eg, 20 degrees centigrade), but only have a knob to adjust for hotter or colder.  The problem with this is that the a/c units are in either a/c mode or heat mode, so it can be impossible to get a temperature that allows me to sleep well - I'm either too hot or too cold.  Yes this sounds prima-donna-ish, but getting a good night's sleep is what it's all about…",Date of stay: April 2012,2.0
3807,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3810-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,This Hotel is only for convnience,"We find that this Hilton Hotel is completely soleless.  The staff change all the time, never smile and only do their duty.   It is worth checking when booking as sometimes the price goes very high and it is cheaper to stay at one of the more famous hotels.  Rooms are OK, very poor towels and loo paper.",Date of stay: April 2012,3.0
3808,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3810-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,small room/ nice hotel/no wifi,"Good place to stay for a short trip to london. The room was small, but clean and well stocked with free coffee/tea and a couple of butter cookies. Staff was attentive. Breakfast was not included nor was wifi. (You can get wifi for a large fee.)  The location is across the street from Paddington train station. It is a bit of a walk to the main attractions (maybe 45 mins). If you're doing one of the bus tours, there is a stop very close to the hotel.  Also, water pressure was very low.",Date of stay: April 2012,4.0
3809,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3810-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Good Hotel to stay at next to Heathrow express train,"Good hotel, with big and comfortable rooms. Less than 1 block from the Paddington train station, which has 2 trains (one express) to Heathrow. No free wi-fi, which was disappointing.",Date of stay: March 2012,4.0
3810,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3815-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great for a one night stay prior to travel out of Heathrow!,"We stayed at the hilton for one night only prior to our flight out of the UK as we still wanted to be in Central London but also be able to easily get to heathrow airport and this hotel does the trick to serve both.  The decor may be date but the rooms are spacious and the hotel beds are sooooo comfy!!  In terms of location besides the fact that you are literally on top of Paddington Station, there are also many good places to eat which are a short walk away!",Date of stay: April 2012,4.0
3811,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3815-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,This is a construction site,"We spend 2 nights here and we move because it was impossible to sleep. The windows are so old that they don't isolated either the noise or the cold. There was a construction in the street going on all night long and we couldn't sleep. Also the heating was broken and the room was as cold as outside.  On the other hand they want to charge you for everything, I checked out and just after I was trying to use the business center for 30 min for a phone call and they wanted to charge me 20 pounds",Date of stay: April 2012,1.0
3812,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3815-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"A great, if expensive, place to stay","I had stayed at the once Hilton previously and so was happy to have the opportunity to stay there again. There are many shabby hotels in the Paddington area and sometimes it’s just better to pay the extra. On the plus side the location is unbeatable, the staff service excellent, the room large and comfortable, and the gym facilities were well set up. I liked the iPod docking, there was free wifi in the lobby, the coffee and tea setup in the room was excellent, the bed was comfortable, and the room was very quiet. They gave me a top floor room to avoid the noise from a function being held there. Negatives were the cooling system that did nothing and the general overheating of the building. I like staying in this area because of the running opportunities in Hyde Park or along the…",Date of stay: March 2012,4.0
3813,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3815-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Convenient but need attention,"right on Paddington station which is the fastest link to London Heathrow, lots of restaurant and shops around, underground station, bus stops right next to hotel, you don't feel good as you enter the lobby which gives the initial impression of a budget hotel, so are the lifts, but once you are on the floor you start to breath easily, wide passages though old carpets, convenient setting of rooms specially for families and friends provides you privacy. Rooms are spacious specially the deluxe king ones, bathrooms clean and well maintained though very basic. Check-in staff helpful and will help you with your requests. the housekeeping is little casual as handled by mostly young people, who wouldn't bother about signs you put on your door and keep intruding your privacy, make a lot…",Date of stay: April 2012,4.0
3814,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3815-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Perfect location for first time visitor.,Stayed here for six nights on our first visit to London.  It was a great choice. Took heathrow express to Paddington and hotel access is right from inside the station itself.  Opted for the junior suite as part of a weekend deal at the time and it was spacious and quiet with a terrace. Air conditioning didn't work first night but hotel repaired it promptly the next morning with apologies.  Paddington tube right at your doorstep and three lines available. On the first day we were dropped off at the London Eye and walked our way back from there to the hotel in three hours with lots of sightseeing and ambling slowly and lunch on the way. Lobby was always busy with  lots of business people meeting over coffees or lunches to work probably because it was so close to transport hub but…,Date of stay: April 2012,4.0
3815,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3820-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Excellent Business Hotel,"Riding the train from Bath into Paddington Station lets you access the Hilton from inside the station. A lift available for travelers with suitcases and a Starbucks directly outside the entrance. Efficient check-in and fast elevators. I asked for a quiet room away from elevators and got exactly what I asked for. Clean,bright and roomy. Nice bathroom and closet had a safe. Supplied with tea or coffee. Internet is not free in the room, but go downstairs in the lobby seating area and get it for free. Interesting assortment of guests. You do pay for the privilege of being close to the trains but Heathrow express is right there so no expensive taxi rides with luggage and you are at Heathrow in 15 to 20 minutes.",Date of stay: April 2012,4.0
3816,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3820-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great old western hotel,"So convenient  right on paddington station so easy access to heathrow. We had a large room with a comfortable king size bed, loads of hot water for a well deserved bath!! All you need for a short stay overnight before your flight.",Date of stay: April 2012,4.0
3817,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3820-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Weekend Break,"Stayed at this hotel on 30th and 31st March - we selected the option to upgrade if an upgraded room was available - upon check in found the up grade was and were given one of the two suites - unfortunately the room was not ready and would be 30 mins, so placed myself in th executive lounge overlooking Paddington station watching life go round - 40 mins later the room was still not ready, another 10 mins, and 20 mins later guess what? The room was not ready and another 10 mins...... Shortly afterwards a very friendly executive lounge receptionist brought my key card over to me and off I went.........  Well - what can I say - what a room!! Or should I say apartment - I entered the small lobby went up the spiral stair case to the bedroom, very modern, clean and tidy with an…",Date of stay: March 2012,4.0
3818,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3820-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Very reliable, solid hotel with unbeatable location to Heathrow Express","Heathrow Express to Paddington and right into your hotel. So convenient. The breakfast buffet is great and rooms are comfortable but bed is just sleepable and the shower is mediocre. Staff is very helpful and friendly. Chamber maid did a really nice job cleaning and organizing. There are great deals to be had here so look around, and again, very liveable for the great location you get. Did have one glitch when a wakeup call came to my room at 5AM which I did not request.",Date of stay: April 2012,3.0
3819,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3820-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Well appointed 4 star hotel connected to Paddington Station,"Stayed one night in a King Executive room, January 2012. We chose the hotel due to the convenient location for Paddington station and Heathrow Airport. Getting to the hotel from the main railway station or from the airport via the Heathrow Express really couldn't be easier with steps and a lift leading to the reception directly from the main station concourse.   This is a historic old building originally intended to house wealthy travellers arriving in London on the Great Western Railway into the Brunel designed Paddington Station during the heyday of the railways. Consequently the interior of the public areas of the hotel is very impressive indeed, as are the corridors which are the widest I have ever seen. Our King Executive room was large and well appointed, with a luxury…",Date of stay: January 2012,4.0
3820,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3825-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Don't expect any recognition as a Hilton HHonors Gold!!,"Hilton Paddington is indeed convenient if you are staying in London and trying to catch a train to London Heathrow airport.  However, don't expect any recognition as a Hilton HHonors Gold!!  Hilton Paddington is a busy hotel similar to an airport hotel with a busy lobby and very expensive.  The front staff look overwhelmed and seems like not enjoying their work.  The manager seats few feet away from checking stand and doesn't seem to care either!  I've stayed at Hilton for buiness over 20 times and 40 nights over the past year, but I am finally switching to Marriott.  Hilton is old and tired.  No one cares.  I have not provided much business to Marriott, but they still greet me with a smile and even recognize my basic Silver status.  It's a shame because I am few nights from…",Date of stay: April 2012,1.0
3821,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3825-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great hotel and fantastic service,As a regular visitor to London I was fortunate enough to come across a deal for three nights in the Hilton. The hotel is extremely clean with lots of staff to look after your needs. My room was very spacious and comfortable with every thing that you would want for a short stay.  Despite its very central location it is very quiet inside and as soon as you close the bedroom door you hear very little. It could not be any closer to Paddington train / tube station as it backs straight onto the station.  All in all I thought it was a great hotel and would love to stay here again. I must check regularly to see if any deals are going..............,Date of stay: April 2012,4.0
3822,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3825-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Excellent Hotel in Central London,"The Hilton Paddington is an excellent hotel in the centre of London. We arrived at Paddington station and walked straight to the hotel, less than a minute from the platform! However, once you are in the hotel you would not believe that it is so close to a main train station. There was no train noise whatsoever.  We had requested early check-in but due to be being fully booked and people checking out late due to it being Easter weekend, we could only check-in 30 minutes early. This was not an issue as we left our luggage with the concierge and had a quick wander around the local area.   Once we checked in, the room was great. It was immaculately clean, a good size with everything you could need. Small touches such as a coffee maker rather than instant coffee, decent toiletries…",Date of stay: April 2012,5.0
3823,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3825-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Convenient and comfortable,"The convenience to the train station and the underground, combined with the reasonable price for top quality mattress, pillows, desk, and bathroom, makes this our hotel of choice for London stays.",Date of stay: April 2012,5.0
3824,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3825-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Why haven't I been staying here before?,"I had one night and day in London on my way home from Ireland, so I booked the Hilton Paddington in order to have quick access to Heathrow via the Heathrow Express that leaves from the station.  Once I arrived, I started to wonder why this had not been my hotel on previous occasions.  It's completely convenient both to trains and the underground since it's actually within the station itself, not to mention it's incredibly easy to walk downstairs and have access to late-hours grocery and pharmacy and there are several restaurants as well.  The staff from check-in to concierge and bellhops were excellent and friendly.  I was able to upgrade to the executive level on arrival and so had access to the lounge with happy hour (which serves food-so it was also dinner hour for me),…",Date of stay: March 2012,5.0
3825,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3830-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Beautiful hotel - loved it,"I have stayed in many hotels in London and am usually disappointed. I have also stayed in a few Hilton Hotels. This one is fantastic. So convenient for Paddington (you can access the hotel through the station). My room was big, tasteful, clean and lovely. The bathroom was also large. I really enjoyed my night there. The staff are nice and I think it's pretty good value for London. For those who don't know London, Paddington is near everything. You really can't go wrong. I've been spoilt now - I will stay there again. Thank you.",Date of stay: April 2012,5.0
3826,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3830-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Great location; good, solid hotel that delivers on the Hilton brand promise","Visiting London? This is a great place to stay and explore the city. The Hilton sits atop of and in front of the Paddington train station which is the terminus for the Heathrow Express; it is also where all the trains heading to southwest England originate from ( Great Western line). The Hotel and station are tube stops for 4 London underground lines: Bakerloo; Hammersmith & City; District; and Cirlce lines. You literally can walk off the Heathrow Express, cross the station platform, take the escalator up one flight of stairs and you are in the lobby of the Hotel. ( great after a long international flight !) The tube station is one story below the train station and you are within minutes of all the famous places to visit in London. If you are going to the business district, you…",Date of stay: March 2012,4.0
3827,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3830-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Just what was needed,"Stayed all last week for a business training course nearby.  On check in, found reception very helpful, polite and efficient.  The housekeeping staff always had a cheery ""good morning/evening"", etc. and the doormen similarly.  Breakfast was tasty and plentiful.  Only negative for me was the ""steam"" bar with overpriced and very poor quality Guiness.  It was changed for lager, but it was obvious to look at that it was wrong and should not have been served.  By knocking off the aircon you can get a better nights sleep, but the units must have been above my 6th floor room, so always a tad noisy.  But the beds were very comfy and good bar/shower/tv, etc.",Date of stay: March 2012,4.0
3828,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3830-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Fantastic place to stay for a quick layover in London,"We stayed only one night at this hotel, but we were so very happy with our choice!  I cannot stress how wonderful it was to be in our hotel room within 30 minutes of leaving Heathrow airport.  My two teenagers and I stayed in a Queen suite.  We had a small hallway, a generously sized bedroom and a small sitting room.  The fold out love seat (only one person fits in this bed) took up most of the sitting room.  The bathroom was nice and big too.  The room was expensive but it did include breakfast.  We arrived late but check in was fast.  We were too late for a restaurant sit down meal so we bought take out from the vendors in Paddington station and strawberries and chocolate from the grocery store downstairs and ate in our room.  My kids were overjoyed with this quick meal. …",Date of stay: March 2012,5.0
3829,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3830-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Old but pleasant and central,"Lovely hotel, very central and accessible. Friendly and helpful staff. Only fault is that it is old and in need of a revamp but other than that it cant be faulted. I especially found the concierge really wonderful and always checking to see if you were ok...",Date of stay: March 2012,4.0
3830,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3835-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,So close to being 5 stars,"Just stayed over at the Hilton Paddington for one night on the 5th floor - without exception the staff were tremendous and went out of their way to help, the Executive lounge overlooking the station is fantastic and the location above Paddington station is great with brilliant rail / tube links. However, the room was very small - maybe 50 cm each side of the bed (although I can live with that), but the big problem was the heat. The a/c in the rooms just doesn't work, so the room was like a furnace all night. We tried opening the window (but only opens a few cm) and then were constantly woken up by the noise outside. Woke up shattered, as did my parents in another room who had the same problems. It's a real shame, as I want to rate this hotel 5 stars, but given you can't actually…",Date of stay: March 2012,1.0
3831,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3835-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Night before a journey by train from Paddington,"My wife and I stayed here in an upgraded junior suite. We had access to the Business Lounge that overlooks the station. This is one of the best executive lounges I have been in, and the staff throughout this hotel were excellent. The room was comfortable, the food we took very nice, and there is nothing to dislike about this hotel. Being almost on the station concourse is a boon for train travellers arriving into London, or departing. It is probably our favourite hotel in its class in the capital.",Date of stay: March 2012,5.0
3832,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3835-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Great location, very nice hotel for price paid","The hotel check in is quick, breakfast is perfect. Amenities as well as shower were more than adequate. Room is big, clean and well lit and the gym was ok for a 4 star hotel.  I will return.",Date of stay: March 2012,4.0
3833,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3835-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Location Location Location,"Hotels in London, I think there are a billion. What sets this apart from the pack is the location, at Paddington Station. You have a direct train to Heathrow (Heathrow Express about 15 minutes), and you don't have to pull and push your bags half way around the world from the station to the hotel ( as you normally do in London) and you have great connections to the rest of London on the Underground that saves so much time and money. Time for us was the key word here and while taking a black cab is fun, the London traffic makes is very expensive so get the Oyster Card for the Underground and save even more and always have a ticket. There is also a Marks and Spencer under the hotel and for those who don't know this store, you can get a good inexpensive sanwich hot meal there and…",Date of stay: March 2012,5.0
3834,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3835-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Best business hotel,"I stayed at the Hilton for two days; the whole experience was excellent from when I arrived at reception to when I checked out.  The staff was very good on check in, getting me into my room quickly.  The room I had was on the second floor and I was actually surprised of the size – huge twin-room, marble bathroom and all the facilities you would want in your room.  The noise was minimal as there was double glazing.  If you are travelling from Heathrow, best to take the Heathrow Express and use the internal walkway at Paddington station.  Further on the service, the concierge and doorman were very helpful with bag storage and local restaurant recommendations.",Date of stay: March 2012,5.0
3835,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3840-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Comfortable, clean, elegant and wonderfully located.","My husband and I stayed here for two nights for my 30th birthday and had a pleasant stay. Our room was very large (although the bathroom was disproportionally small) with an incredibly comfortable bed and beautifully decorated. Breakfast the next morning was good if overpriced. The waiting staff pounced to remove plates and made us feel uncomfortable going back for seconds. The waffle machine was broken too and despite my pointing this out to a member of staff, no help was forthcoming. We asked for a late checkout and were astounded at the price, we have never had to pay at any other Hilton we have visited. All in all a lovely stay but the restaurant was a bit of a let down. We will stay again but will probably breakfast elsewhere.",Date of stay: August 2011,4.0
3836,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3840-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Convinient,comfortable and the good location .",Good location! The convenience of heathrow airport via heathrow express and all facilites of paddington station and nearby. Staff are very polite and helpful. (as often in Hilton hotels) . Very comfortable and clean rooms. The breakfast was great with a huge range to choose from! Lots of choice of eateries nearby.  Near Hyde Park.,Date of stay: February 2012,4.0
3837,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3840-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,15 Minutes to the airport,"I recently had a short overnight layover at Heathrow and, never having been to London, I wanted to stay in the city and experience as much as possible.  I stayed at the Hilton Paddington because of it's proximity to Paddington Station, where the Heathrow Express terminates.  I was so glad that I did!  After disembarking from the train, it is literally a 3 minute walk to get to the hotel lobby.  Check-in was very efficient, so I was in my room in no time.    After check in, I headed out to do some exploring and the hotel's location again served my well: just a quick walk down the steps and I had access to the tube.  The hotel itself was very nice.  The room was immaculate, with all of the expected amenities.  The complimentary breakfast buffet was quite good.  The only downside…",Date of stay: March 2012,5.0
3838,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3840-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Location, location, location","The place itself is lovely. The room was of big size and had a view over Paddington Station roof. Decent sleep, good bed and bedding, large bathroom (with strange sounds from pipes when flushing), and well stocked. The room was clean, the building is well looked after, and staff attitude was very nice and accommodating. Highly recommend and will stay again.",Date of stay: March 2012,5.0
3839,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3840-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Clean rooms and helpful staff.,Would be good if this hotel did weekend package prices,Date of stay: March 2012,4.0
3840,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3845-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Bad customer service,"Although the room was lovely and the breakfast buffet was nice and plentiful I would not stay in this hotel again due to the abysmal customer service!!! Not only was our room not ready when we arrived but shortly after checking in a member of staff walked straight into our room without so much as knocking!!! I was just out of the shower and thankfully managed to cover myself with a towel before he burst in but I got the fright of my life! He didn't even apologise! Later, I complained at the reception desk and got a half hearted apology and even when I asked to speak to the manager he basically said ""Well, this happens a lot - we don't always get time to restock the minibar before guests check in"". Even when I pointed out that he didn't knock despite knowing the room was occupied…",Date of stay: March 2012,2.0
3841,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3845-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great location and enjoyable stay!,I stayed here for two nights in March. We were in meetings all day long at the hotel. Food was the usual standard for a Hilton. But there are lot of eateries nearby if you fancy anything different. I also used the gymn which has some standard equipment (precor). Rooms are large when compared to most central London hotels. Overall a very enjoyable stay.,Date of stay: March 2012,5.0
3842,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3845-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Won't be staying again,"Whilst the location for this hotel is undoubtedly good, there were elements that I was disappointed with.  Our room was above the Steam Bar which meant unbearable music noise and made it impossible to sleep.  We were obviously not the first people to experience this as we were immediately offered 20% discount on the rate.  The gesture was appreciated although it didn't help our ability to sleep! Breakfast on Sunday's is advertised and being served until 11am - my husband and I arrived to eat at 10.45 and were met by a gentleman who said ""you have 10 minutes and then breakfast will be closing"".  I was fully aware of both the time and how long we had and therefore did not appreciate what was effectively a ""hurry up"".  I felt that simply a ""good morning"" would have been more…",Date of stay: March 2012,2.0
3843,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3845-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Good,"Stayed here on business. Excellent room, very comfortable. Hotel very large and was quite a walk to my room in relation to where the conference was being held. Very busy too. Food excellent. Staff very professional and helpful",Date of stay: April 2011,5.0
3844,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3845-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great London Hotel,"Visited London for The Arsenal Milan match- Wondeful- pity about the result. My second time using Paddington Hilton. Great location- stright upstairs from The Heathrow Express which was superb as always. Staff at Hotel friendly and obliging- room spotless and good size. Bar staff friendly- good breakfast, fast checkout. Ideal location for a London visit. Place always buzzing.",Date of stay: March 2012,5.0
3845,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3850-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Highly recommended!,"We look forward to staying there again on our next trip. The location was great, with loads of different kinds of restaurants within a few hundred yards. The room was really big, very nicely furnished and the bathroom was a great size, also. It took us 3 minutes to reach the Heathrow Express, as the hotel is adjoining Paddington Station. ",Date of stay: March 2012,4.0
3846,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3850-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Much better experience this time.,"This was my third stay at the Paddington Hilton and, I must say, it's definitely improving.  Got a newly renovated room on the fifth floor.  The room was big by London standards, with all new fixtures and fittings.  Unfortunately, the whole room smelled like paint and since we were sick during our stay and had to stay in bed, we couldn't escape the fumes.  We couldn't even open a window, which I suspect were painted over, causing them to be sealed shut.  Still, I think if we had been able to get out, the paint smell wouldn't have been a problem.  I think it's safe to say that a lot of London hotels are currently under some type of refurbishment in anticipation of the Olympics, so I expect most renovations will be completed soon.  Housekeeping, again, was spectacularly efficient,…",Date of stay: February 2012,4.0
3847,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3850-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Great location, not keen on the guy who checked us in","Well as most people know, Paddington and the surrounding area is pretty dire. Its very run-down and doesnt have much to offer, but for anyone needing a quality hotel with easy access to both the west end and Heathrow, this hotel is pretty unbeatable.  The room was very nice, if a little spartan. The reception area, in my opinion, needs an overhaul because its nowhere near as nicely decorated or as bright and cheerful as the room I had, so anyone entering the hotel wont get an impression of what the rooms are like, which is important if you're a walk-in guest as opposed to someone who has pre-reserved.  My only complaint was about the guy who checked us in, who seemed totally bored with his job, unprofessional, and certainly not someone I'd employ to greet guests in a hotel of…",Date of stay: March 2012,4.0
3848,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3850-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,A conveniently located hotel,"Just as many reviewers mentioned that the hotel is at a very convenient location. The building and rooms are a bit dated but still comfortable and functional. The lobby is quite small although the executive lounge and cafe seem to be quite sizable and comfortable. The staff are very helpful as well. The street- and train-station-facing rooms might be noisy and my taxi driver mentioned there were ongoing constructions for the new tube station, thus the traffic and noise can be a bit more than normal.",Date of stay: March 2012,3.0
3849,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3850-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Historical hotel with very good connections at Paddington station,"This hotel is physically situated at Paddington station and it' very convenient if you arrive from Heathrow with Heathrow express and use tube or train for your travel in London.  Hotel is old in good way and very well kept. Rooms are big with soft carpets and there is no disturbing noise. Breakfast is very good with good variety.  Hotel guests are mostly business-people or rich foreigners and I wouldn't call it a best place for romantic couple or families. Though there are rooms with connecting door so you can have even bigger family in the same ""living area"".  From some strange reason I was put to wheelchair-room (very spicy but the shower and toilet area was little strange) so there is place for wheelchair-people too :-)  All in all good old business-hotel at very good…",Date of stay: January 2012,4.0
3850,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3855-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Much Better than I Ancitipated,"Nearly every time I go to Europe I prepare myself with the thought, ""you'll survive the bad hotels and rotten beds because the sights are so amazing.""  So walking into our room and see how big it was, how comfortable the beds were, and how pleasantly air conditioned was a real treat.  I also expected a tiny shower where it would be impossible not to drench the entire bathroom, but nope, the shower was great.  If you plan on taking the direct train from Heathrow instead of a taxi, this is a great choice.  Of course, it's also great if you're planning on getting around London by the Underground as it connects to three lines.  Seemed like a safe, but not fancy part of town (I think?) so a number of the restaurants seemed pretty reasonable.  The staff recommended an Indian…",Date of stay: October 2011,5.0
3851,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3855-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,How much?,"I didn't stay here but friends were and I arranged to meet them in the lobby. I was early, thought I'd have a quick coffee while I waited. Polite and welcoming staff brought me a cappuccino which arrived (with a biscuit I hadn't ordered). As as I took my first sip I glanced at the bill. £5.72! That was £5.20 + 10% service - for a small cup of luke warm coffee. I think I'll meet them on the station platform next time.",Date of stay: February 2012,4.0
3852,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3855-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,great location,"Very well located. Hilton is always my choice when i travel. This hotel is not very special, as it has just one restaurant and a bar. Good thing the rooms are big, for London standards.",Date of stay: February 2012,4.0
3853,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3855-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great location for a weekend in London!,"Second time we have stayed here and both times were a quick weekend trip to London.  Access from Heathrow is amazing, within 30 mins of leaving Heathrow, you can be checked in your room.  With the connection to the Tube, everything is so close by.  Even though the Executive Lounge is amazing, their are great food options in the train station.  The rooms are very quiet and the linens are amazing.  The only negative was a Diamond member, I had to call down to ask for slippers and a bathrobe.  Even when they did bring up the bathrobe, they only bought 1 even though the hotel reservation was for 2 guests.  But overall a great experience.",Date of stay: February 2012,5.0
3854,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3855-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Location Location Location,"I can't stress the location of this hotel as it is located directly on top of Paddington Train Station where you can whisk away to anything in London without having to walk far or take a LONG train ride. The hotel has a mediocre fitness center, well equipped Executive Lounge. During my stay a fire alarm was set off and had to wait outside well over an hour on an unusually cold night in London.  The staff was very friendly and helpful. Having Diamond Status helps out tremendously as you get complimentary breakfast, lounge and internet. Internet runs around 15 British pounds.",Date of stay: December 2011,5.0
3855,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3860-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great Hotel - but avoid rooms above the disco!,"We booked this hotel when the special offer rate matched anything else decent we could get in the ""no frills"" accommodation nearby.  We loved it for its history as a railway hotel, its decor, the excellent customer service we received, the breakfast, and the lovely large bedroom. One big downer, though, was that our lovely big room was located above the Steam Bar, which became a party venue on both the Friday and Saturday we were there.  This meant no sleep till 3am. So yes, we will stay there again when the price is right, but we will know to ask for a room as far away from the bar as possible.",Date of stay: February 2012,4.0
3856,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3860-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Location, location, location","This was my second stay at the Hilton Paddington. Being right at the station one cannot beat it for ease of getting to and from Heathrow. The Heathrow Express is right there, 15 minutes and you are there from the airport. The hotel is a bit older, but clean and well appointed. It was cold in London the weekend I was there and the heater had a hard time keeping up with the temps. I like this hotel because it is at a transit hub and getting anywhere in London is easy. There are also a few nice places to eat close by and a short walk will get you to the Nottinghill area.",Date of stay: February 2012,4.0
3857,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3860-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great Hotel,"Brilliant stay, the rooms are very comfortable and have everything you require. The staff were extremely helpful and friendly and it was easy to walk down to the railway station with all its shops etc without having to go outside.",Date of stay: January 2012,5.0
3858,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3860-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Hilton Hotel, Paddington, London","I would rate this hotel highly for the friendly and helpful front of house staff on Reception and Concierge.  We arrived very late at night and they could not have been more kind.  The room was very quiet, clean and well laid out.  I would definitely recommend this hotel.",Date of stay: February 2012,5.0
3859,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3860-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Very Dissapointed,"Nothing special, had high expectations of this Hilton after so much work had been done on it. Gym terrible and one of the smallest rooms I have found, with 2 running machines, bike & cross trainer - poor! Would not stay again as just couldnt find any positives.",Date of stay: December 2011,2.0
3860,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3865-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Nice hotel, super location, but serious heating problems","This has got to be the hands-down best located hotel near Paddington Station. So, if you have business to conduct with the Heathrow Express, this is the place to stay. All the other options nearby will require a bit of a treck, which if you have luggage is not a trivial pursuit. The lobby is elegant and I must give special kudos to the bellhop who stored my luggage and generally made me feel most welcome. I did tip him, which is not necessarily the expected thing in the UK, so that may have had something to do with the exubertantly friendly service. The breakfast was nicely presented with lots of options, but the croissant I took was definitely a day old. The room was nicely furnished and I had a view over the train station, but from the 6th floor there wasn't much disturbance.…",Date of stay: February 2012,3.0
3861,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3865-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,London relaxing weekend,"I spent 3 nights in this hotel with my husband during the end of January. I have to say that it was a perfect solution. A very good room with a king size bed with lovely down blankets, a confortable bathroom with nice shower, very clean and with the right temperature (in the hotels it is often too hot and I suffer it during the night). Staff is very collaborative and polite. The hotel location is perfect. If you arrive from Heathrow Airport using the Heathrow Express train, the Paddington station is just close to the hotel so that you can cut taxi/metro costs. In front of the hotel is the Paddington metro station. Just 3 minutes walk and you are in Hyde Park. The hotel breakfast is highly recommended, rich and variate. It is not a budget hotel but for the London standard it has…",Date of stay: January 2012,4.0
3862,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3865-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,It`s quite good!,"You can`t ask for a better location... nice hotel, friendly staff, good rooms. Spent only a couple of days.",Date of stay: September 2011,4.0
3863,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3865-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,How much?,"Don't get me wrong, some aspects of this hotel are very good. The location is fantastic, with an entrance into the lobby straight from Paddington station - no need to walk in the rain with your luggage. The reception staff were attentive, although a little slow, with a ten minute queue at both check-in and departure. The executive lounge was a welcome treat, and affords great views out over the hustle and bustle of the station concourse. The hotel does keep some mementoes of its GWR (Great Western Railway) heritage (the mural on the stairs and the art deco theme), so it is not an entirely soulless/standardised establishment. The room was of a good size (for London), and in a fairly quiet part of the hotel on the top (6th) floor. It was good to see that the windows opened and the…",Date of stay: January 2012,2.0
3864,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3865-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,On the Spot!,"This place is just fabulously located. The back door exits into Paddington station - which is not only a nerve center for the London Underground and British Rail (including Heathrow connections), but also a mini-mall with stores, restaurants and coffee shops. I really can't think of a more conveniently located hotel. Apart from the location and conveniences, the rooms are comfortable and the staff is absolutely fabulous. I had a great experience during Check-in with Cosmina. She was very helpful and knowledgeable.  One negative is that the complimentary WiFi in the Lobby does not extend well to the lounge area. Another is the cost - but that comes with the territory (read: London's not Cheap!).  In all, you really can't go wrong with this place. And once again - Top marks for…",Date of stay: February 2012,5.0
3865,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3870-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Unfriendly staff, terrible wifi, long corridors. Avoid...","Unfriendly staff, terrible wifi, long corridors. Avoid if possible.",Date of stay: February 2012,1.0
3866,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3870-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,2 stays in the past 3 weeks were very nice,"The Paddington Hilton is a reliable hotel next to Paddington station which is great if your plans include tube or train travel or a trip to or from Heathrow on the Heathrow Express line. Staff was polite and efficient, rooms were clean and as a Diamond Club member we were upgraded to the executive level with access to the lounge which served a nice continental breakfast (with some hot items like scrambled eggs and bacon) tea and coffee throughout the day, small sandwiches at mid day and a the usual wine, beer and spirits in the evening along with snacks.",Date of stay: January 2012,4.0
3867,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3870-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Great Service, better location !","I stayed here last weekend, and booked 2 rooms, one for me and my wife, the second for a friend. At check-in, we were both upgraded, one to a Queen Suite, the other to an executive room, both with executive lounge access. This of course meant, free evening drinks and canapes, and as important, free breakfasts !  Staff were great, across the board, and the location is perfect, for Hyde Park, Oxford street, and the West End. Literally on Paddington Station, for mainline trains and the tube to navigate London.   Definately one of the better hotels I have stayed at in London, and that includes the Flagship Park Lane Hilton and the Intercontinental on Park Lane.",Date of stay: February 2012,5.0
3868,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3870-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Smart hotel in excellent location for Station,"We have used Indigo and the Mercure (both of which are very close to Paddington Station) but the Hilton is part of the Station building and is ideal for train departures (which is why we chose it) There is no need to go outside in order to reach the platforms.  We stayed one night on 3 February and had room 529. I had signalled early arrival at noon and turned up even earlier. The room was not ready but was before 12.00.  Service at Reception was slow, as it was when we were checking out on Saturday morning.  Several tourist guests were asking for and being given local info.  Fine; this is good customer service but really they should have been directed across to the Concierge.  Our room had a large comfortable bed with good hanging spaces, iron and board, and generally was well…",Date of stay: February 2012,4.0
3869,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3870-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Location great..but thats about all,Highly priced given room quality. Tried to force me into smoking room (without telling me) when I arrived at 10pm even though my Silver VIP profile and booking is clear. Told me it was all they had left but when I pushed back another room magically became free. If they didnt have the train station there I wouldnt go back.,Date of stay: January 2012,3.0
3870,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3875-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Perfect Location literally at Paddington Station,"Stayed here on a boys weekend and had a great time. Excellent breakfast and a steak house across the road. Literally 2 min walk from the station, the hotel is clean, rooms are tidy and there is a business centre. Given the proximity to the main road and station the rooms were pleasantly quiet. Reception staff are friendly and knowledgeable. The only downside for me is the ridiculously expensive internet, but there is an internet cafe across the road by Burger King and several patrons went there as did I, for a fraction of the cost. .Otherwise the hotel has the wow factor and I will definitely be staying here again when I visit London by train.",Date of stay: January 2012,4.0
3871,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3875-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Tired,The price was excellent for the location and overall quality of the Hotel but it was let down by extremely tired decor and furnishings in the bar and failure of housekeeping to correct an a/c system which blew hot air instead of cold.  Quality of the room otherwise was very good.,Date of stay: January 2012,3.0
3872,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3875-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Not a top level Hilton but Acceptable,"Hilton often means luxury. That is not the case with the Hilton London Paddington. It is clean as you would expect from a Hilton Hotel. The staff is well mannered but very impersonal. If you still expect hotel staff to remember your last name the Hilton London Paddington will disappoint you Once upon a time this was the Great Western Hotel that owned the Train Station where the hotel is housed. This can be seen in some carpets, in the motifs in the lobby and in other parts of the hotel.  Entrance to the hotel is convenient for people arriving by train (including those that are arriving from Heathrow Airport).  The rooms are cozy but old fashioned. You can get a good night's sleep as you will not hear any outside noise. Families will find this hotel acceptable. I missed a gym…",Date of stay: May 2011,4.0
3873,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3875-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Ideal spot in Paddington,"A very pleasant Art Deco Hotel, right next to Paddington Station.",Date of stay: January 2012,4.0
3874,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3875-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,nice hotel for quick stay,"We stayed at this hotel purely because it is located adjacent to Paddington Station. We had an early international flight from Heathrow and the Heathrow Express is only a 15 min ride from Paddington. I was very impressed with our room. I booked a room for 3 adults which is very hard to do in Europe. In the US we are used to the one king or 2 double beds, but in the UK there is no such thing. So, our room was a suite and had 2 rooms. I was glad to get a little privacy, so was my sister! The best part was we had a fabulous balcony which had a pretty nice view. The linens, and towels were very nice as was the ""smart"" room. Overall, good pick. Would not stay here if we were touring London though. It is out of the way of major attractions.",Date of stay: December 2011,5.0
3875,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3880-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Wished I could have stayed longer,"I was on the way home through London so stayed in this hotel the night before my flight.  It is well located and the Heathrow Express is a fantastic connection to and from the airport.  They very kindly gave me an upgraded room, which was nice (but I stayed in a ""standard"" room before and it was still pretty nice so don't worry).  I also appreciated the welcome plate (especially the oranges).  The room was very spacious, the bed was very comfortable.  The desk had a good work space.  The internet, although not super fast, was good enough for what I was doing - and was faster than the hotel I stayed in the night before.  The bathroom was pleasant and the amenities in the bathroom are quite nice.  As I recall, the towels could use some improvement...but I can't complain.  There…",Date of stay: January 2012,4.0
3876,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3880-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,A great Hotel to explore London from,You expect a standard from the Hilton brand and this Hotel delivers. If you arrive by train (if your insane you can bring your car to London) you walk from Paddington towards the shops and into the Hotel from the back. Very handy when it’s raining. You are on top of access to the London underground so London is open to you – go and explore! Everything is immaculate. The rooms are perfect and they will accommodate families well. It looses points from me on a few areas and let me just say I am being  quite picky here but I’m being picky because its part of the Hilton chain and because of the price they feel they can charge.    Your check in staff should speak clearly and succinctly and not look down when they are addressing customers.  To have to pay for Wi-Fi in this day and age…,Date of stay: December 2011,4.0
3877,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3880-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Like the location,"As a Hilton Diamond member for the past 15 years, I've stayed at 8 Hilton properties in London - this one is my favorite.  I just love the location with all the tube and train connections available without having to go outside. The executive lounge - thank god- has been moved from the dungeon that used to occupy it.  The lounge now has a nice view of the terminal below.  I have always had decent luck here with getting nice upgrades to much larger rooms.  There is also a decent variety inexpensive places to eat close by.",Date of stay: May 2011,4.0
3878,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3880-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,$20 WIFI which requires logging back in every 15 minutes.....?,"Hotel is fine and, of course, ideal if you have an early flight from Heathrow and don't want to stay at the airport.  The Heathrow Express train is faster than the airport hotel busses! ))  However, it is may too expensive.  I don't mind paying for WIFI that is of high quality but I don't expect to pay and get kicked off the network every 15 minutes or so....  Good Hilton beds.  Slightly tired bathrooms.",Date of stay: January 2012,3.0
3879,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3880-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Nice but not worth the high price...,The location is fabulous and the rooms are nice but...not worth the $700.00 a night. I thought it was nice but at the price I was not impressed.,Date of stay: July 2011,3.0
3880,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3885-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Surprisingly pleasant and accommodating,"Over the last years, I am increasingly wary of big hotel chains and tend to stay at boutique or family owned accommodations when traveling. So it came as a surprise when I found this hotel to my liking. Check in was efficient, room was quite spacious (by London standard), staff were warm and friendly and room rates were reasonable (again by London standard). I was pleased enough that I took time to complete its on-line guest survey following my stay (which I normally disregard). A short walking distance to our London office, I’ve chosen this hotel primarily for convenience and practical reasons. But I wouldn’t hesitate to stay here personal gateaways too.",Date of stay: November 2011,4.0
3881,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3885-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great convenience,You do not step outside from the time your plane lands at Heathrow Airport until you step into your room.  This is great because of the unpredictable London weather.  The rooms are very nice and it is well worth paying the extra cost for the breakfast - don't forget to try the pancake machine!  the only negative I had was I had several charges on my bill for the mini bar which I did not use.  They were taken off but you need to check your bill.  I would recommend this hotel highly.,Date of stay: January 2012,5.0
3882,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3885-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Location,"This is the perfect location if you are arriving into LHR with luggage for a few days in London. The staff were all very helpful, we were upgraded because of Hilton Honors membership and the room was both large and comfortable. I agree with another reviewer that the toiletries were poor, also on Saturday night we could hear music from the nightclub, it wasn't loud enough to disturb us but we did wonder about people on lower floors. The station provides easy acces to coffee, wine, sandwiches etc which can be handy and of course access to the tube into London although if you enjoy a good walk after a long plane ride it is a pleasant walk across Kensington Gardens and Hyde park too.",Date of stay: January 2012,4.0
3883,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3885-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Good (but expensive) facilities in good location,"Obviously, if you stay at the Hilton you accept that things aren't going to be cheap although it remains dissapointing that large global hotel chains such as this still can't offer free wifi. Very poor indeed. The rate for my stay was very competitive and room well aportioned, the location is ideal being right next to Paddington. Small gym but not too busy and good (but very expensive) breakfasts (why go there when Starbucks is a 5 metre walk or Marks and Spencer a further 10 metres).",Date of stay: January 2012,3.0
3884,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3885-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Great location, good value for money.","I stayed here for one night after arriving in London Heathrow and catching the Heathrow Express to Paddington. The hotel is in such a convenient location! Check in was quick and easy, and I was told I had been upgraded. The room itself was great, very clean and spacious with a comfortable bed. The bathroom was very basic in comparison to the standard of the rest of the room. My room was also a considerable distance away from the lift which was quite annoying but since I was only staying for one night it didn't make too much of a difference to me. I didn't really see much of the hotels amenities but I would definitely stay here again, if only for the location and room size. The only negative thing I would comment on is that each time I approached reception or the concierge desks,…",Date of stay: January 2012,4.0
3885,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3890-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Can do Better Hilton!!!,"Well as a Honors member it was ok, but where were all the extra's Hilton, No Toweling Robe, Tolietries are poor, room was bland. This is an Old building that has been gutted and refurbished. The Downstairs area has an old dusky feel and not well lit, the coffee bar is tukced under the stairs and the Restaraunt is like an Airport departure longe, more emphasis on Breakfeast than evening meals, not great quality. The ""Steam"" bar is expensive and no atmosphere...you are better off in a pub, of which there are several within 5-10 mins walking distance and probably not so expensive!. I know the Hotel will make a killing before and during the Olympics this summer and because it's close to Paddington rail station is good, but what you are offered is not really value for Money Hilton,…",Date of stay: January 2012,3.0
3886,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3890-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Location location,"One of the best choices for price, value for money and location. It is connected the paddington station so thats the biggest plus. You have your Halal shops right outside for food (for Muslims) and other basic shops in the station so its VERY convenient! Its not Very expensive and because of the transport links and the station its a very convenient place to stay when in London.",Date of stay: December 2011,4.0
3887,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3890-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Excellent Hotel in an excellent location,"Although the initial criterion we chose this Hotel was the price for the family room (Queen Suite) turned out to be perfect our choice. Our family room was very comfortable for 2 adults and 2 children (13 & 15 years old), with a huge bedroom, a sitting room, 2 bathrooms and several facilities for hot tea and coffee (no charge). Impeccably soundproofed room and absolute cleanliness. Nice room decoration and facility. Beyond this, the main advantage of the Hotel is its location, being located just above the subway station and the express train to Heathrow airport. Perfect breakfast buffet, with very kind and helpful waiters. In addition just outside the entrance of the Hotel there is the bus stop. Using the excellent public transport you reach all main London attractions at…",Date of stay: January 2012,5.0
3888,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3890-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Spoiled by the Hilton Paddington,"The Hilton London Paddington blew me away in terms of the room and the service available.  I selected the hotel because it was near the train station and I belong to Hilton Honors.    The location of the Hilton Paddington cannot be beat for a business or pleasure traveler.  You can access Paddington Station by a covered walkway so you do not even have to leave the hotel.  The District and Hammersmith Tube Lines connect at Paddington, which gives you access to all of London's Zone 1, which is where most of the attractions are located.  This also gives access to the St Pancras Internationa/Kings Cross station where the Eurostar (high speed trains) connect.  The room was fantastic - large space (European standards), plush linens, and a large bathroom.  Internet in the room is…",Date of stay: January 2012,5.0
3889,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3890-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Excellent value in a great location,Impressed with this Hilton - stayed there for just one night and chose it for its location (right by paddington so convenient for heathrow express and underground) and value - we got through lastminute.com mystery deals and it was brilliant value. Rooms are a good size for London and the hotel has everything you want. Room service and Internet access are expensive however. Would stay again based on the size of the rooms and convenience of the location. ,Date of stay: December 2011,5.0
3890,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3895-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Very Art Deco,"We arrived at 10:46 on January 10th quite expecting to be told we would have to store our luggage as check in was not until 14:00. What a nice surprise it was to be told we could have our room right away. We we assigned a standard double room, number 266. A very pleasant room. Good sized double bed. Floor to ceiling windows that looked into a central courtyard. Tea and coffee making facilities. Iron and ironing board and proper, wooden coat hangers. A good sized bathroom with a shower over the bath. A selection of toiletries. TV with limited free channels. A great selection of pay movies. A mini bar. Very expensive. The hotel has a art deco feel in its walnut doors, cut glass lift doors and bright and spacious public rooms. It is very busy with business people and easy to get to…",Date of stay: January 2012,5.0
3891,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3895-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Its got everything!,"We came from South Wales, so it was straight off the train, up the escalator and into the hotel which was quiet despite it being in the station complex.  Lots of business groups but the staff coped admirably with the number of people and never failed to be polite and efficient. Our room was spacious and again, despite its busy location, was relaxing and calm. Breakfast had everything on offer and we would certainly go there again.",Date of stay: January 2012,5.0
3892,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3895-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Highly variable, but generally pleasant","Having stayed multiple times at this hotel, I know the rooms range from tiny, dark, closet-sized warrens lacking any drawers or other storage and whose windows look into another room, to spacious, light, airy, elegantly furnished rooms with street views.  The location is very convenient for Heathrow or anywhere in London on the tube, being essentially on top of Paddington Station.  For those with access to the executive lounge, it now overlooks the station (years ago it was elsewhere).  It's pleasant to sit there over a cup of tea, watching the passers-by in the station.  On previous visits, the staff were sometimes (not always) unhelpful, uninformed, uninterested.  My most recent stay (over Christmas) I found everyone to be friendly, helpful, eager.  Prices vary a lot as well,…",Date of stay: December 2011,4.0
3893,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3895-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,London,"This is a very busy hotel, in a great location when traveling to London right next to the train station and tube food very good, down side drinks very expensive even for London staff very helpful had a lovely room backing onto the station no noise at all. Wewould recommend to anyone staying in London great place.",Date of stay: December 2011,4.0
3894,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3895-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great hotel in London to stay,"Stayed here for two nights, excellent location, nr to trains, lovely rooms, great breakfast.... Would definitely stay here again.....",Date of stay: January 2012,5.0
3895,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3900-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Nice room and good location,"Easy: 1st floor walk through to train station. Comfortable: Comfy bed; dining table & 4 chairs; large bath. Walkable: Hyde Park; Kensington Palace; Buckingham Palace; National History Museum; Oxford Street Food: Korean/Chinese restaurant two blocks east; many, many, MANY Lebanese/Turkish/ Middle Eastern restaurants on/near Edgeware Road Tube will take you to everything else... theatre district, Westminster, Tower of London, Tate Modern, etc etc etc...",Date of stay: December 2011,4.0
3896,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3900-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Super staff, great location",Train from Heathrow drops you at Paddington station and you take the elevator up to the hotel. Couldn't be more convenient. Very comfortable and a great breakfast was included in the B&B price.,Date of stay: May 2011,5.0
3897,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3900-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Excellent hotel...won't stay anywhere else in London ever again,"Amazing location, so simle to fly into Heathrow, take the Heathrow express, arrive in Paddington station, take the lift upstaires and walk into the most scrumptious inviting foyer...we were greeted by friendly, efficient and informed staff. We felt like we had won the lotto and were in an alternate reality !! The concierge staff were great fun and teased my young daughter and made her laugh and fell special :) We will never stay anywhere else in london. On the down side, the bar food  and resturaunt seemed pricy but this was agmented by the fact that there was a Marks and Spencers, sushi bar, Kentucky fried chicken , macdonalds and many more downstaires in the station. Roomes were plush, doors were heavy and sound proof, ice machine nearby in the hall, toiletries lovely, a phone…",Date of stay: January 2012,5.0
3898,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3900-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Good for London city and Heathrow too,"I was unsure about staying here, expecting something similar to the pleasant but massive corporate atmosphere of the Hilton Metropole down the road. A colleague recommended it and I found it ideal for London meetings and subsequent early morning flight from Heathrow T1. It is as good in terms of welcome and service as I would expect from a Hilton but it still retains some of the Victorian charm of the original Brunel station. With the bonus that it's two minutes from the breakfast buffet to Platform 13 for the Heathrow Express. If you have to stay out late in London and make an early flight then this Hotel makes better sense than getting out to Heathrow at the wrong end of an evening out. The rooms were spotless, the welcome flawless and the whole tone of the establishment is…",Date of stay: December 2011,5.0
3899,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3900-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Very nice, great location","We stayed here over the Christmas holiday and enjoyed our stay very much.  Rooms were adequate, comfortable beds, friendly hotel staff.  The only negative with our room which was in the corner of the hotel facing the street was the noise.  But that was the price we paid for having a larger than average room.  The location was excellent except when the tube wasn't running.  There wasn't very much to do in the area within walking distance.   But overall, the hotel was very nice and we would stay there again when we visit London in the future.",Date of stay: December 2011,4.0
3900,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3905-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"small room, pay for everything",It had a great location. The room was small but the staff was very helpful. But you can't help but feel shortchanged. I had to pay just to have a set of utensils brought up to my room! Imagine that!,Date of stay: September 2011,3.0
3901,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3905-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Average rooms, not baby friendly","We stayed here for 1 night immediately after Christmas on a shopping trip to London. I've stayed here several times before as a Hilton GOLD on business but not with our baby in tow. Maybe the additional expectations this time have tipped the balance of opinion.   I found the hotel this time to be average verging on poor. We had an executive room which was spacious and comfortable.  The WIFI kept dropping out and needed continual reconnection. The heating started to rattle in the middle of the night, so in order to get the baby to sleep it had to be switched off which made the room a little on the cool side.    Breakfast was poor. No Lounge access during the festive period and as the restaurant was being refurbished, breakfast was served in a makeshift suite on the first floor.…",Date of stay: December 2011,3.0
3902,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3905-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great location,"We originally thought we were staying at another hotel and did not realize we booked this hotel until the day before we checked in. To our surprise, the HIlton was connected to the Paddington Station which was a huge convenience. We arrived on Friday, December 30, 2011 and stayed until Monday, January 2, 2012 in Room 642-Jr Suite.  The room was spacious enough for the two of us, but surprised they called this a suite, except for the amazing terrace. When I think suite, I think at least two rooms (separate) but I am not complaining, just an observation.  The room was well appointed with a comfy bed and adequate seating for guests. The bathroom was not as updated as I would have thought but it was acceptable. The hair dryer was not in the bathroom which I found unusual but in the…",Date of stay: December 2011,4.0
3903,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3905-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Nice hotel, right at the train/tube station","This is a nice hotel, not overly luxurious, but very adequate for a stay in London. The hotel is connected to Paddington Station which is very convenient for both rail and tube connections.  The area around the hotel is ok, nothing as far as sightseeing goes,there are lots of different cafes and pubs in the area. We never ate any meals at the hotel, I am assuming food was typically overpriced as are most hotels.   The room we had was a little larger than some hotels we have stayed at in London.  We had absolutely no complaints about staff service, everyone we encountered seemed friendly and helpful.",Date of stay: December 2011,4.0
3904,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3905-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,So Convenient!,"We were thankful that we booked the Hilton Paddington upon our arrival (via the Heathrow Express) in London. The hotel was accessible from the Paddington Station without having to go outside and we didn't have to lug our suitcases everywhere. Obviously, taking the First Great Western to Wales the next morning was a breeze after going through the Express Check Out. At least we didn't have to rush!  Checking in at the front desk was uneventful and the staff was very friendly. The room was pretty standard; nothing much to shout about but both the room and bathrooms are clean and well maintained. We ordered room service since we were too tired to venture. The service was quick and the food was tasty.   We're of the opinion that the hotel may need to consider refurbishing soon to…",Date of stay: December 2011,3.0
3905,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3910-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Executive club stinks phew!,"Only rating this one as average due to the ""stink"" in the executive club lounge which we hope is repaired soon!  Apparently there was a sewer break right under the executive club which gave rise to the odor.  All other hotel features were fine.  The rooms are large and clean.  The staff is very friendly except for one or two in the restaurant area who may have been annoyed at having to accommodate the EXecutive Club Members during the ""stink up"".  The hotel connects to Paddington Station making this slightly out of central London Hotel quite do-able.",Date of stay: December 2011,3.0
3906,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3910-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Pleasant, Quiet and Comfortable","I arrived at the hotel at about 9:00 in the morning and fortunately was given a room immediately.  The room was spacious, comfortable and quiet (I had a room that did not face a street).  The concierge staff was extremely helpful in providing information on the plays and getting around London.  The hotel entrance is about 100 steps to the entrance of the Paddington underground which is on the Bakerloo line. I stayed here for 5 nights and feel that the entire stay a pleasant experience.",Date of stay: December 2011,5.0
3907,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3910-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Hilton Paddington London,"During my last stay in London decided to try the Hilton at Paddington station because of its location and on the outside it always looked great. But I found it rather disappointing, the location is great for heathrow but less so for central London. The room were ok but not great but a bit old and gruff. Thank god it was only a business trip and spent a minimum of time at this hotel. Didn't like it much and will not come here again. Not that cheap either.",Date of stay: October 2011,2.0
3908,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3910-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"It's OK, better options locally.","An OK response is the best I can give rooms are nice enough and if you like a warm room this will suit you. If like me you like a cold you won't sleep.   Avoid breakfast which was served in a function room not the restaurant, expensive and underwhelming in its quality. Staff are pleasant enough although be warned both my colleague and I had housekeeping staff walk into our rooms without knocking!! ",Date of stay: December 2011,3.0
3909,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3910-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Nice location,We always enjoy coming here even though we battle to get our Hilton diamond benefits. They always eventually make an effort. Don't hold your breath if you are a gold or diamond member to get your rewards! ,Date of stay: December 2011,4.0
3910,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3915-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,The Place to stay in London,"If your in London for a day, week, or whenever, your experience in the city will be maximized by staying here. It's a beautiful building with great service and friendly staff, in the most ideal location ever. You can walk from the Heathrow Express into the hotel without stepping outside, and the hotel is built on top of a tube station! Stay here, that's all I can say.",Date of stay: August 2011,5.0
3911,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3915-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great stay for business,"I stayed here for two nights in the last week of December. On arrival was upgraded free of charge, on the back of a good online day rate. I had a great stay - enjoyed two decent sleeps unlike the hotels I've sampled in the vicinity. Very convenient location. My room was well equipped and relaxing. Overall would definitely stay there again but would never pay their normal list price as doesn't represent great value for money at the ""normal"" rate.",Date of stay: December 2011,5.0
3912,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3915-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,No better place to stay in London!,"A wonderful stay - just about perfect in every respect.  We stayed at the Paddington Hilton based on the location near Paddington Station and access to public transportation. It is conveniently co-located IN Paddington Station so that even in poor weather, you never have to be outside.  The Heathrow Express arrives and departs from this station so if you are traveling via Heathrow, this is the place to stay.  The Circle, District, Barkerloo and Hammersmith tube runs are all easily accessible, again from inside the station, so everything couldn't be more convenient.  My disclaimer here that I am a Diamond level Hilton guest and my wife and I were at the Paddington Hilton enjoying our 30th wedding anniversary but all indications are, from observing interactions between staff and…",Date of stay: December 2011,5.0
3913,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3915-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Unreasonable booking terms,"I was so excited to go to London with my family and booked 4 nights. A few hours after booking we had to reschedule our trip due to an emergency. I needed my stay moved to a few weeks later, plus I wanted to add an additional night of lodging. The hotel claimed that my booking was NOn-REFUNDABLE and it was too bad. My $2000 will just have to be wasted since I will not be able to stay at the hotel during my originally scheduled dates. This is the worst customer service I have ever encountered from any hotel, and I will not be staying at a Hilton ever again. I don't know if it was a specific Manager at this hotel who is being unreasonable, or the hotel policy really is that atrociously unflexible. I'm appalled that the philosophy of customer service is completely non-existent at…",Date of stay: December 2011,1.0
3914,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3915-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,conveniently situated hotel,"My wife and I stayed here recently. A major plus is the location to enable travel on the Heathrow express straight to the hotel. We arrived shortly after 7.30 am from Melbourne and our room was made available to us on arrival. A great plus after the long haul there. Not a new hotel but our room was a good size. Shower over bath with a shower curtain was not ideal. However, we had no problems whilst there and staff were helpful without being overly friendly apart from the Doorman. All in all recommended but really at the 3 star level",Date of stay: October 2011,4.0
3915,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3920-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Arriving Heathrow - stay here!,I wish I had more money as I would stay in this hotel more often!  The Hilton at Paddington Station is brilliant. OK it is not cheap but rates at the weekend are at a big discount. We planned our entire Ireland/UK tour to get to London for a Friday/Sat/Sun night so we could afford to stay here. The hotel has an exit onto Paddington Station concourse where the Heathrow Express/Connect arrives. 15 mins from Heathrow to your hotel lobby!!! If your room is not ready the porters will look after your suitcase. Across the road is the Big Bus city tour stop so you can do that for 3 hours and check into your room when you get back. Naturally paddington station is on the London Underground system so you can be at a theatre within about 15 mins from the hotel lobby. But look .... just take…,Date of stay: October 2011,5.0
3916,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3920-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Practicality comes at a price...,"I'll start with the things I didn't like: 1) Unfortunately when I was quite ill and wanted to be in bed and close to a washroom. However, I was told they would check me in as soon as there was a room available.  At 3:15, I decided to check and see if a room was free, as I saw multiple people heading with keys towards the elevator.  Luckily they reassigned me a room so I could go lie in bed in peace!  Just be warned, it is a busy hotel so you may not be able to check in early.  2) The wi-fi is ridiculously overpriced (15 pounds per day) and sometimes malfunctions.  3) The neighbourhood isn't the greatest to walk around in, especially at night. As a single female, I was slightly uncomfortable.  4) Noise from outside of the room can be easily heard (I know, I could hear the kids…",Date of stay: December 2011,4.0
3917,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3920-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Good London Hotel,"This Hotel is located on the edge of Paddington Station, as such it is easily accessed from almost any part of London, The rooms are spacious/clean and the hotel staff attentive and always helpful, its not cheap though! Breakfast is the standard Hilton buffet style, very good, fresh fruit, pastries cooked etc.again the staff could not be more helpful. Did get woken up by the beer delivery this morning!",Date of stay: December 2011,4.0
3918,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3920-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Very comfortable and practical, but not cheap","I have stayed in the hotel many times, usually by myself but also with family. The convenience of access from Heathrow via the Heathrow Express is superb. Otherwise, the location is not too great and I prefer to be right in the middle of London. Given its location, the Hilton is also not cheap. However, the quality of accommodation is wonderful. The rooms are quiet, beds extremely comfortable, great bathrooms, and concierge and front desk services are friendly and efficient. Some hotel rates include breakfast, some even access to the private lounge where breakfast is also served. Both are very good, but if you obtain a lower room rate that excludes breakfast, it may be just as convenient to find a cafe outside the hotel; there are many within 5 minutes walk. So, overall a great…",Date of stay: October 2011,4.0
3919,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3920-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Great stay, amazing service.","We booked a standard room with lastminute.com the night before for £106 for our Saturday night stay. We got an upgrade to the double deluxe room with our HHonors gold membership and was very surprised at the room we were allocated.  It was large and tastefully decorated. Lovely bar area for making hot drinks etc and a large bathroom that was modern and up to date. Crabtree and Evelyn toiletries! Yey! The bed was very comfortable...all in all the room was just wonderful. There was also a turning down service where homemade shortbread and juice was left for you. Very nie touch! We also got complimentary breakfast the next day. This was in The Brasserie downstairs and that was possibly one of the best breakfast I've had. Great variety from cereals, pastries, cooked, continental,…",Date of stay: December 2011,5.0
3920,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3925-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great stay,"We came in for a fair and stayed for almost a week. The hotel is located at the Paddington station which makes it easy to access. The Heathrow Express trains depart and arrive at Paddington as well as many other trains and subway lines. There are a lot of shops and restaurants at the station. The hotel itself can be reached by walking across a bridge inside the station which leads you directly into the lobby. There is also the main entrance on the other side of the building where cabs and cars can pull up. The staff at the front desk was very helpful and friendly and provided us with all information necessary. The room was very spacious and was facing the court side, so it was really calm. The breakfast was very good, the staff seemed to be a little confused each morning because…",Date of stay: November 2011,5.0
3921,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3925-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Refined quality and convenience.,"The Paddington Hilton has been my London Hotel of choice for many years and it has been used as the ideal base for my wife and I on many occasions. I have used numerous room types from De-luxe to Queen suite and on every occasion the room has been spotlessly clean and more than adequately equipped. My last visit was early November 2011, I had an Executive room booked and was pleasantly surprised to be upgraded to a Queen Suite, the room was certainly impressive with an additional, (and separate), room from the bedroom and an additional toilet/cloakroom, however, which ever room you choose, the quality appears to be the same, the room size seems to be the main difference, (and the standard rooms are pretty small). If you choose Executive level or above you have access to the…",Date of stay: November 2011,5.0
3922,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3925-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great location and service,"Stayed here for just one night in September.  Needed a place that would be close to Paddington Station for a convenient morning train to Heathrow.  Got a great price by paying in full when booking.  Staff was very courteous and helpful upon checking in, and offering some suggestions on local pubs and restaurants.  Check in clerk said there was going to be a dance in the club that night, and if we wanted to wait for a bit, he could offer a much quieter room away from the night club.  Thought that was great customer service.  Room was very clean.  Also had a very nice breakfast in their restaurant which was included in the price.  If you need a good clean place in this particular neighborhood, I would highly suggest this one.",Date of stay: September 2011,5.0
3923,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3925-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Business trip,Was here for a conference.  Convenient location...walk right up from the train station. Breakfast was good and staff was friendly. ,Date of stay: December 2011,4.0
3924,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3925-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great hotel!,"I stayed there Nov 23-25. I came in through Heathrow airport, there is a direct train from Heathrow to Paddington Station. The hotel is through the glass doors and up the escalator passed the Starbucks. The concierge staff is wonderful! They answered every question! The gentleman who brought up my bags was very nice. I asked him how to get somewhere, he didn't know but said he would have the answer for me when I got downstairs. And he did! Right across the street is the metro station for Paddington. About a 20 minute walk is Hyde Park with at least 2 Internet cafes on the way. One pound per hour. You can exchange money with the hotel but they will tell you there is a place across the street that gives a better rate. I highly recommend this hotel. The room was extremely…",Date of stay: November 2011,5.0
3925,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3930-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,stayed in november  weekend,very nice place staff very helpfull the only problem we had was  we could not get the fridge to open and was not told we had to give a credit card for access which was a bit of a pain   otherwise a very good stay       breakfast was the best we have had in years in any hotel          wayne   from  rotherham,Date of stay: November 2011,4.0
3926,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3930-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Excellent Hotel,"Travelling in from Heathrow to this hotel couldn't be less stress free, 10 mins in the terminal, 30 mins on the train, and just 2 mins across the platform. The staff were very friendly, efficient and discrete.  I loved the ambiance and the decor.  The (residents) bar in the early evening was fine, but we stayed 11 to 13 November and it was given over to a private function but hotel guests could avail of the late bar, we felt a little uncomfortable just joining in someone else's party, but then again we did have a good time!! would stay here again.",Date of stay: November 2011,5.0
3927,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3930-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Convenient , expensive &  constant staff interruptions to meetings.","I stayed at the Paddington Hilton not for the first time on business,the evening was fine, and check in prompt, and was offered a street side room or quiet side room.  However I had breakfast meetings the next morning, and a lunch meeting scheduled. At the breakfast meeting , my colleagues & I had briefly left the restaurant to get laptops and diaries from  our rooms (three rooms at £180 each per night !)  , re entered the restaurant and asked for some additional coffee. We were then told we had to pay for coffee because we had had breakfast ! Our room billing for three of us was £540 pounds plus taxes and wifi access charges at £15 pounds for  24 hours !  We flatly refused and asked to see a shift manager and refused to pay for more coffee , it was then provided after this…",Date of stay: November 2011,2.0
3928,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3930-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,A great weekend,This is a great hotel. It links directly in to Paddington mainline station and is on a bus route into central London. Even so it is quiet at night. The staff were friendly and helpful. Our heating was not working properly the first night but was soon fixed. The lifts were a bit slow especially when under pressure. Breakfast was fabulous. So much variety and even a pancake machine! Eggs freshly cooked as well so not overdone.,Date of stay: November 2011,4.0
3929,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3930-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Comparing Two London Hiltons - Paddington Station & Metropole,"We enjoyed two great hotels on a recent stay - a late October visit to London - four nights at the Hilton Metropole, then three nights at the nearby Hilton Paddington Station. Both were quite nice and convenient to major London attractions, but I would have to give the nod to Paddington Station if we were to re-book.   The Metropole is at the end of Edgeware Road, a short walk to Marble Arch, Hyde Park and Speakers Corner.  Walking this road to get to these attractions takes one through the Lebanese section of London. What an amazing experience that is! I have never been to Beruit, but I think we got more than a little taste of the culture during our numerous strolls down Edgeware. Of course we had to stop and sample as much authentic Lebanese food as possible - etiquette…",Date of stay: October 2011,4.0
3930,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3935-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Suited us!,"Fine hotel, great reception and concierge staff, quiet room with all amenities required (hairdryer/iron/coffee facilities,etc) and well maintained.  Also very close to tube / train stations and bus stop.  I've stayed with this hotel chain on many occasions and found that this one lived up to my expectations.   On slightly more negative side, the waitress assigned to us on Sunday morning provided very poor service and the food in the cooked breakfast area was barely warm, but the selection of food in the other areas made up for it - there was even an automatic pancake maker!  On Monday morning normal service was resumed so I expect it to have been a temporary blip. The only other negative was the bar prices, they're a little pricey so it wouldn't encourage the customers to do…",Date of stay: November 2011,4.0
3931,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3935-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Excellent hotel,"I searched for hotels near tube stations and found this one, which was also very accessible to the Heathrow Express.  Excellent location, excellent hotel. Good food and very good service",Date of stay: November 2011,5.0
3932,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3935-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,A NICE HOTEL & A TERRIBLE AIRLINE IBERIA-VUELLING,I was just in london with my wife. we stayed at the paddington hilton. it was a nice hotel. large room. a bit of a walk down the hall but i need the work out. Anyway food was good. the trip on the heathrow express to the hotel is the best. NO TAXI or traffic. twenty minutes and right into the hotel. Super convienent. The best. We took iberia airlines from Italy to barcelona. barcelona to seville. seville to london. iberia rebooked us on Vuelling Airlines. I have traveled quite a bit in europe and the u.s. I have never traveled on such a terrible airline iberia-vuelling airline. we were crammed into seats that a child of five would be ok in. there was absolutely no leg room. i was in an airbus which had thiry rows of six seats in each row seperated by an isle. i would have had…,Date of stay: November 2011,4.0
3933,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3935-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Convience Plus - especially if you are making a quick trip,"The simplicity of being able to take the Heathrow Express train service DIRECTLY to this hotel's front door can't be overstated. If you are on a tight sked, this hotel can't be more perfect. 45 minutes after leaving your aircraft's door, you can be in your room (I know, I did it!). Airport, onto the Heathrow Express, up the escalator at Paddington Station right into the Hotel's reception.  The hotel is decent (clean, comfortable, with reasonably sized rooms). It's also a stone's throw from Hyde Park... great for running or just strolling.  Access from here to anywhere in central London is easy and if time is tight I highly recommend you consider this place. BTW... if you are looking for a great pint, ""The Victoria"" an excellent neighborhood pub (one of many within a few minutes…",Date of stay: November 2011,4.0
3934,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3935-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Comfortable, convenient","Located in the Paddington train station, this hotel is conveniently just above the arrival area for the express train from Heathrow airport. We had an upgraded executive suite (booked with hotel points) that was quiet with a comfortable bed--essential after an 11 hour flight from the US. The restaurant is good, and the station offers less expensive alternatives for casual food, as well as shops for buying those forgotten travel items.  Recommendation: Ask for directions for the nearby pub ""Victoria"" for a great fish & chips in ""pub ambience.""",Date of stay: October 2011,5.0
3935,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3940-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Nice, but away from the tourist attractions","My husband and I stayed here in October for a week, we had to stay here because my husband needed to be near Paddington station to commute to his office in the burbs.  The hotel was nice, but I don't think I would chose to stay here if we were just tourists.  It is on tube line, but the tub station was always sooo busy and we usually had to transfer to another line to get to the tourist attractions.",Date of stay: October 2011,4.0
3936,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3940-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Historic London hotel with convenient rail service to Heathrow,"The Hilton Hotel in Paddington London is one of my favorite hotels.  The hotel forms the south end of Paddington Railroad station.  One of the reasons I like this hotel is its convenience.  It is the London terminus for the Heathrow Express rail service to Heathrow Airport.  The trains are only a few minutes walk from the hotel's rooms.  Paddington Station also has two tube stations that are served by several lines including the Circle, District, Bakerloo, and Hammersmith & City.  There are also buses and taxis that serve the hotel area.  The hotel and train station were built in the mid-1850s as part of the development of the famous Great Western Railroad, one of the world's first railroads.  The hotel was refurbished when it was opened by Hilton about 10 years ago.  This is a…",Date of stay: November 2011,5.0
3937,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3940-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Comfortable hotel and great location,"This hotel is perfect if you're travelling to Paddington station. I came from bath by train and the hotel was just around the corner as I left the station. Check-in and check out was very fast and efficient. The room is very comfortable with some nice amenities such as coffe maker, tea and cookies. The bathroom could use some little repairs especially in the bath tube area but overall it was a good experience and I'll probably be back next time I visit London.",Date of stay: November 2011,4.0
3938,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3940-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Very nice London Hotel,"We stayed 2 nights here last weekend, It was very nice. Staff very helpful. Nice Rooms :-)",Date of stay: November 2011,4.0
3939,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3940-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel; pricey internet,"Room was good - up to Hilton standards, but horrified by charge of £15 for 24 hours internet access - serious price-gouging. Air con was stuck on hot when I arrived, but an engineer fixed that within half an hour. Fantastically convenient for Paddington station, if you're travelling into our out of there. Lots of good small restaurants nearby.",Date of stay: November 2011,3.0
3940,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3945-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Really nice, but had a few problems...","I visit the UK and Sweden on business several times a year.  Sadly, I spend most of the time at meetings and then continue with work assignments in the evening.  Overall, the rooms were really nice - comfortable bed, coffee/tea service, flatscreen TV, refrigerator with room for guest to store water or soda from local grocery stores.  I had some problems with the bathroom sink being very sluggish, but the worst features of the hotel was the internet kept dropping my connection into work and the TV only picked up the standard 5 BBC channels.  Surely they must have satellite or cable in a big city such as London?",Date of stay: November 2011,4.0
3941,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3945-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,1 night stay,"I only stayed here one night but I liked this hotel and would stay there again.  The train station is just underneath the hotel along with many stores and kiosks selling all the necessities so it is very convenient.  A Starbucks sits just outside the hotel doors.  The staff were very gracious and helpful and check-in/out was easy and problem free.  After reading reviews, I requested and received an interior room which was very quiet and comfortable.  (I could understand why a lower level streetside room might be noisy.)  A comfortable bed, flat screen tv with nice selection of channels, desk with wifi and hairdryer(?), mini-bar, coffee maker with coffee/tea.  The bathroom was more spacious than I expected and very clean.  It had everything I needed although it took me a while to…",Date of stay: October 2011,4.0
3942,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3945-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Incredibly convenient from Heathrow but some drawbacks.,"I had a one night layover in London and by taking the Heathow Express train right to the door of this hotel I was very happy to be able to spend the night in central London rather than an airport hotel. The location cannot be beat for such a trip with the underground station also right next door.  My first impressions were very positive. Efficient and quick check-in. Nice room, fairly standard business hotel style, but clean and comfortable. So far so good. Later that night after returning from dinner and looking forward to a good night's sleep before my early morning flight I was repeatedly woken up by banging in the pipes. Not outside noise which was more what I expected but internal banging that was really annoying. I was settled in and didn't feel like hassling about…",Date of stay: October 2011,3.0
3943,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3945-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,amazing fantastic best hotel in london,"stayed here 28 october through to the 30 october hotel for situation really good straight from the railway station to the hotel by lift. Room well layed out and of a high quality ,very clean,coffee and tea making facilities and plenty of supplies. Staff friendly and very proffessional. Food excelllent, in all there is nothing to fault about the whole experience a 10/10",Date of stay: October 2011,5.0
3944,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3945-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,High quality in a convenient location,"Paddington is not the most elegant district of London but it is safe ,lively and has a good selection of nearby interesting and inexpensive restaurants.Hyde park is within walking distance and there are good bus and tube links to other areas of London.The hotel is integrated into the rail station so traveling to Heathrow and Windsor is effortless. Check in was swift and friendly and we checked out in seconds. Our room was large with high ceiling and tasteful decor.Very clean and well equipped bathroom --large comfortable bed.Staff quiet ,discreet but always friendly and happy to help. There is some traffic noise but this is inevitable given busy road outside. We would certainly return to this hotel",Date of stay: October 2011,4.0
3945,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3950-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,very nice hotel!!,"very nice hotel, great location,helpful staff, nice size room with a/c coffeemaker bar and fridge..if im ever back in london this would be my first choice!!! fyi hotel is in paddinton station",Date of stay: October 2011,5.0
3946,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3950-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Hilton paddington,"Staff very helpful ,room clean very nice hotel the steam room bar very pricey beware 4.95 for a red bull close to the underground bar etc. All in all nice stay.",Date of stay: October 2011,3.0
3947,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3950-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,great location and very nice staff,"stayed here, as many do, for the night before a morning flight from heathrow - i had a few pieces of luggage, and was very grateful to get help with my bags - my bellman even went above and beyond in bringing my luggage to the train platform (i think he wasn't supposed to do this, but i was very happy that he did!) - the clerk on checkin (german - i can't remember his name) was charming, and managed to make me not feel too bad about not having a hope of a standby upgrade or using the lounge for breakfast, as apparently the hotel was full of business travellers with higher hilton status than me - fortunately there's a marks and spencer as well as sainsburys stores in the station, so it's easy to put together a meal to be eaten in the room while getting ready to check out - i…",Date of stay: September 2011,4.0
3948,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3950-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,A good choice with the added bonus of great links to LHR,"I chose the Hilton Paddington purely due to the ease from which LHR could be reached which allowed me to do a day trip to Ireland in the middle of a weeks stay in London but overall I was impressed by the hotel.  Excellent service throughout from all staff I encountered.   My room was a really good size, especially for London, with a comfortable king size bed and plenty of room to work at a large desk. The bathroom was also of a good size although the bath tub itself was a little marked and stained.   HHonors diamond status allowed me access to the executive lounge which is just off the lobby and affords views of the station concourse below which I found a little odd. Good selection at breakfast and in the evening. Good selection of soft and alcoholic drinks in the evening. …",Date of stay: October 2011,4.0
3949,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3950-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Perfect Location For Getting To Heathrow,I stay here each time I visit London since the hotel is connected to Paddington Station. I take the Heathrow Express train for a 15 minute ride to the airport.  This hotel is clean and well layed out with comfortable rooms that are larger than one typically finds in London. I never head any outside noise and the beds are always comfortable. Bathrooms are also relatively large. The staff are excellent and very helpful about storing luggage if  you arrive early or check out late. They are also very willing to offer suggestions for touring and dining.  You can walk to Hyde Park in about five minutes. The immediate neighborhood surrounding the hotel is nothing special but I have never had any problems coming or going day or night.   This hotel is not inexpensive but is fair priced…,Date of stay: October 2011,4.0
3950,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3955-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Comfortable, convenient, not cheap","I got to London for work, not play, so the Hilton Paddington serves my needs. Comfortable beds, all the amenities. Attached to Paddington train station, so it is exceptionally convenient for the Heathrow Express train. The neighbourhood is nothing special -- it has pubs and cafes and places to buy kitschy souvenirs. Easy access to the Underground. Lots of places to change your currency. For the US traveller: hotel rooms in London are smaller than they would be in the US, and watch out for high charges for Internet use. For the Muslim traveller: there are numerous restaurants in the vicinity, especially in nearby Edgware Road, where you can get a good Halal meal.",Date of stay: October 2011,4.0
3951,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3955-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great location,"We avoided the Hilton Paddington at one stage because the service was terrible but recently tried it again and are happy to be able to go back again as the service is much improved.  They have a very nice executive lounge with very helpful staff and the afternoon tea is delicious.  The main breakfast is very good.  The bathrooms and rooms are very spacious for a London hotel and Diamond members are treated very well.  The only gripe is that they do not store luggage for a week as their luggage area is small and overcrowded so if you need storage you have to pay daily rates at the station which is pricey.  When in your room, you do not feel as if you are just above the station as it is really quiet.  Within seconds you can access public transport, Marks & Spencer foods,…",Date of stay: August 2011,5.0
3952,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3955-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,well located but thats it,"We all know that London is for sure not the place known for a good value for money ratio as it comes to hotels. So the good thing about the London Hilton Paddington is of cause the location itself. 15 minutes after you left Heathrow airport with the Heatrow Express you are there and it is well connected then to the metro as well (right across the street). I had a single room which was ok, no doubt about this. The bed was really good and its all there what you should expect from a 4 star hotel. But thats it. A price of approx. € 350.- excl. b and an additional charge of € 20 for using the internet was again breathtaking. Staff was taking care of me as I asked them to do my check-in for my next days flight. So if you like to afford it and you want the location its ok but for the…",Date of stay: October 2011,3.0
3953,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3955-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Convenient and comfortable,"Spent 3 nights at the Hilton Paddington during October.  The location was outstanding with easy access to rail, subway and of course the Heathrow Express.  We booked a junior suite which was large, very comfortable.  You could control your own AC which is not the usual in European hotels.  This was great because London was experiencing an Indian Summer while we were there.  The front desk staff was very helpful.  We had a minor maintenance issue the first day (blown fuse) and maintenance responded promptly and had things fix within minutes.",Date of stay: October 2011,5.0
3954,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3955-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel in convenient location for Paddington Station,"We stayed for 3 nights in October.  We booked the hotel due to it's location at Paddington Station (convenient for trips to Bath, Heathrow airport and other Western areas). Although many tube lines run through Paddington (literally cross the road to circle, hammersmith and city and district lines and turn the corner for bakerloo), beware on the weekends a lot of construction work on the lines for the upcoming olympics forces station and line closures. We were in and out of London multiple times over 3 months and each weekend we were there the circle and district lines were closed. This is obviously not the hotel's fault, but if you're booking because of the tube connections and are there for the weekend think twice! The hotel itself is very nice and the rooms are huge by London…",Date of stay: October 2011,4.0
3955,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3960-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,comfortable but noisy,This Hilton is in an excellent location particularly for meetings with flights to Heathrow as the Express train comes in here and the entrance is from inside the station.  The staff are pleasant and efficient and the rooms are a reasonable size for London with comfortable beds and good bathrooms.  Sadly it is let down by many of the rooms backing onto a street by the station which was noisy for much of the night.  You can also hear alarms in the next room and I was phoned at 2 in the morning by an anonymous person.  Others in our party also had disturbed nights.  A hotel of this status should really try to reduce noise with extra glazing etc.  I would srongly advise asking for  a top floor room away from the road.,Date of stay: October 2011,3.0
3956,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3960-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"good, large scale hotel with great access to Heathrow","As others have mentioned, the biggest advantage of this hotel is the proximity to trains for early morning and late evening access to and from Heathrow. Located directly adjacent to Paddington station, the Heathrow Express makes this an excellent alternative to staying in the middle of nowhere out at the airport (especially if you don't have a car).  The service is friendly, but not outstanding. Nobody is ""going out of their way"" to help you, particularly if you arrive before check in time. That said, the staff checked me in and had a room for me prior to noon; I just had to regularly remind them. The food is sufficiently good, although again not outstanding. For example the  fare was comprised of the standard English fare, but nothing interesting. The rooms are clean,…",Date of stay: October 2011,3.0
3957,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3960-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,maybe ok if the company is paying,"The big advantage of the hotel is its location, connected to Paddington station, where the express train from Heathrow arrives.  Service was mostly friendly, but not so helpful.  I arrived in midmorning, and they thought they could find me a clean room within an hour.  Then an hour and a half.  Then another half hour, but as the trainee told me, ""nothing we say is guaranteed!""  Finally a nice large room (because it was for handicapped-the regular rooms are quite small, and although I reserved a 2 double bed room on the Hilton internet site, the reception told me that they had none).  The only serious problem was the lack of air conditioning in what I guess was a late summer.  The room was quite stuffy and hot, with a window that wouldn't open and minimal AC.  In the hall leading…",Date of stay: October 2011,2.0
3958,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3960-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Location is everything.  Best choice for pre flight stays.,"Solid hotel.  Nice staff, decent rooms, good food in the restaurant or options in the lobby bar if you're hanging on to your luggage.  If you're flying from Heathrow, it's better to stay here than in an airport hotel.  Go through the door at the rear of the lobby and you're in Paddington Station!  You're on the Heathrow Express within a few hundred metres, so this has to be the ideal way of staying overnight before you fly.  You get to do whatever you like in London instead of being restricted to your airport hotel.  Given the potential painful experience and endless walking when you get to Heathrow, you'll appreciate the sheer convenience of this brilliantly situated Hilton.",Date of stay: December 2010,4.0
3959,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3960-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Easy for heathrow express,Loved getting of the heathrow express and right into the hotel. Fought to get to gatwick express out of Victoria with bags so take a cab to Victoria if you have bags. Nice exec lounge on main floor to watch the goings on in the station.  Rooms are a bit dated but nice. Heck it's an old town hotel. Just spent one night and found plenty to do around the area. Pride of paddington pub is right across street and we migrated there. ,Date of stay: October 2011,4.0
3960,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3965-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Good for Business trips,"I spent in this Hotel 3 days a week for the past 5 months. I never had a problem with the room or the service. All the rooms I stayed in were clean, spacious and really quiet (considering the hotel is built on an extremely busy train station). The staff is friendly and the room service is excellent.  Well connected with Heathrow airport and central London is the ideal place for business not the best for turist (even if hyde park is only 5 minutes walk).",Date of stay: September 2011,5.0
3961,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3965-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Very good and convenient Hilton property,"As this is located right on top of Paddington station, this hotel is ideal for those going to or from Heathrow airport. it is reasonably well designed with direct access to the train station. The executive lounge on the ground floor looks out over the station. Service is only ok -- I've stayed here a few times. Dry cleaning for instance does not work all that well. The card keys are extremely sensitive. The gym has a nice shower area and more weight machines than a typical hotel gym and the gym hours are 630-1030. The rooms on the 6th floor 650+ can have beautiful terraces you can sit outside on.",Date of stay: October 2011,4.0
3962,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3965-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Very Convenient for Traveling to or From Heathrow,"The Hilton Paddington is directly connected to Paddington Station and is therefore extremely convenient for traveling to or from Heathrow on the Heathrow Express train service.  I was fortunate to have my room available to me upon arrival, despite the fact it was 11 am.  Staff at the front desk and door were very friendly and pleasant.  The room itself was average; quiet, a little shop worn, clean and comfortable enough.  I was able to get a pretty good rate at 179 pounds (almost a bargain by London standards).  Breakfast, which was included in my rate, was a very generous buffet with lots of choices and attentive wait staff.  The hotel is very convenient by tube to anything you might wish to see in London.  It is about a 10 minute walk to Little Venice or Hyde Park and…",Date of stay: September 2011,3.0
3963,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3965-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Convenient to Paddington Station, but otherwise, quite forgettable","The location for this hotel is quite convenient to Paddington Station, if you need to take the train to towns west of London. Otherwise, this is quite a plain and forgettable hotel. The rooms are of adequate size, but things do not work properly. For example, the handle to turn on the shower would not work and, even after reporting it to the staff and its being supposedly repaired, it was still tricky to get it to turn on. The decor is old, with the hallway well-worn and, sometimes, smelly. There are no top sheets on the bed - only the duvet. All in all, it's an adequate hotel, but only just that: adequate.",Date of stay: September 2011,3.0
3964,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3965-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Super convenient,"Flew into Heathrow and took the Heathrow Express right to the hotel's door -- in terms of convenience you cant do any better.  The hotel room was comfortable and the bathroom was modern and big (american-style).  From the hotel to all the major sites in the city was a breeze, literally hopped on a bus or the tube steps away from the hotel.  In short, was a great stay.  Would absolutely return.",Date of stay: August 2011,4.0
3965,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3970-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Fantastic hotel,breakfast was superb location brill","Stayed at Hilton paddington 23-9-11 turned up at 10.15am due to early train from Wales .they stored our luggage until we could check in! On our check in we were given a smoking room which I may add made our stay complete :) Breakfast was fantastic ,staff were brill ! The Hilton made my stay in London on my 50th birthday a fantastic one .......",Date of stay: September 2011,5.0
3966,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3970-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,American Standard Hotel Rooms,"Stayed at this hotel in January 2007 and again in September 2011. Pros 1. Below the hotel is the Paddington train Station. Heathrow Express stops here. From Heathrow airport, buy a roundtrip (its called ""return"") ticket on Heathrow express for 32 pounds per adult person.   2. Across the street is the London Underground. 3. The station has a bar, sushi, a supermarket, a pub, a pattiserie and its open 11:30pm. So if your not up for the hotel restaurant, just ride the escalator down. 4. American standard hotel room. High Ceiling. Flat screen TV, Updated decor, Granite bathroom tops and floor, bath tub and hot/cold shower. Strong pressure. Clean thick towels.  5. Just outside of the hotel are plenty of pubs and bars. Money exchange. Souvenir shops and restaurants. Cons 1. WiFi is…",Date of stay: September 2011,4.0
3967,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3970-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Good location, expensive hotel","I've stayed here several times in the past few years.  The first point is that this is quite an expensive place to stay, even for London.  The rooms are good although there is significant variance in their size, even for rooms of the same grade.  The reception staff are friendly and efficient enough but they have terrible problems cutting multiple keys to one room, something that shouldn't be too difficult.  Breakfast is of average quality but as everyone seems to be on breakfast-included rates the restaurant is very busy.  Overall, ok for business travellers but not relaxing and service-focused enough for holiday stays.",Date of stay: September 2011,3.0
3968,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3970-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Horrible Service,"Stayed here this week, location is good and convenient for Heathrow Express.. Rooms are very noisy, when I complained I was offered ear plugs and was told it was in the terms and conditions that rooms ""might be noisy"" because of location. For 200 pounds a night this is not what I would call acceptable. Also wifi is extra £15 a day and does not work.",Date of stay: September 2011,2.0
3969,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3970-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Beautiful hotel ,well situated","The hotel was part of the package to see ""Gost the Musical"" with Solid Entertainment and is one of the better ones to stay in. The rooms were modern and well appointed and I couldn't hear any traffic noise.There were pleanty of lifts and around the hotel was very clean and smart  All the staff were most helpful. A full english was superb and was of the help yourself buffet style .",Date of stay: September 2011,5.0
3970,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3975-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Very Convenient Location,The hotel is connected to the Paddington station so it is only a 15 minute direct train ride to the airport. Also several of the tube lines connect here and make it easy to get anywhere in London. Also you can take trains outside of London. i took a short trip to Windsor Castle. The hotel itself is a turn of the century historic railroad hotel but with all the amenities that you would expect from the Hilton brand. The room was large by London standards and well decorated. There was a good selection of complimentary tea and coffee in the room but the best part as an American was that there was a Starbucks located right outside the lobby. I got a really good deal on Priceline so I paid way below the rack rates.,Date of stay: August 2011,5.0
3971,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3975-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Short stay,This is a very comfortable hotel. We had an executive room and room service was fast and superior. We could travel easily around London from here. High marks.,Date of stay: September 2011,5.0
3972,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3975-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Central location,"I have stayed at this hotel twice and both times the rooms had more than enough space for two people and their luggage.  The room and bathroom were clean.  If you take the train from Heathrow to Paddington the hotel is in the station which is very convenient.  The red line tube, Oxford Street and Hyde Park and within a very short walking distance from the hotel.  The staff is helpful as well.",Date of stay: July 2011,4.0
3973,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3975-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,My first time to use this hotel and found it excellent.,"Hotel is located at Paddington railway station and there is a direct train service from Heathrow Airport. Express train which only takes 15 minutes is too expensive at £26, a less expensive service is called Airport Connect which only takes 30 minutes and costs £12.",Date of stay: July 2011,5.0
3974,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3975-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Expensive but great all round hotel,"This is the second time for me to stay at this hotel and once again I was very happy. Room was great , clean and spacious . Being able to get off the train and just ride up the escalator to the hotel is just fab ! Breakfast excellent . Can't fault it really ( apart from being a bit pricey )",Date of stay: September 2011,4.0
3975,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3980-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Very good hotel. Bit expensive.,Stayed for 2 nights in Sept. Very nice rooms. All of the staff were polite and efficient.  Very nice breakfast. ,Date of stay: September 2011,4.0
3976,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3980-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Yet another excellent stay at the Paddington Hilton!,Yet another excellent stay at the Paddington Hilton; nice upgrade available to a beautiful tower suite. Unfortunately we could not stay longer as the room was really. great. Kudos to the staff as well. Best place to stay in London and only 15 minutes from Heathrow.,Date of stay: September 2011,4.0
3977,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3980-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Good for business, not for couples.","I've been to the hotel in 2010 with some friends and found that hotel great for a short weekend while visiting Formula 1 circuit. This year I came back with my wife and unfortunately this hotel was lacking the proper standard.   I took Executive Room, but I was told all the rooms in this category overview the street. I am not a big fun of London traffic so ended up with lower category of the room (appreciate the change, as that was my request). However, I do not think that is a high standard, will certainly choose some better hotel.   I think this is good for business travellers doing short trips and willing NOT to communicate too much.",Date of stay: September 2011,3.0
3978,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3980-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Needs attention, but generally good","Stayed here many times. That I return says it is good and well-located, and that's the lure: You can travel between this hotel and Heathrow without so much as a coat on the Heathrow Express (the hotel has an entrance in Paddington Station). Sleep and shower relatively quickly after landing.  On the other hand, it is getting worn and needs a makeover. Too many of its front-line employees are trainees. The hotel doesn't seem to understand the need for easy, cheap (should be free but is instead expensive) Internet access (they want you to use ethernet cables!).  Increasingly, there is better nearby (the Indigo, as just one example).  Still, if you're travelling on business the convenience may well prove valuable. It stays on my list, but is slipping. It simply cannot compare to the…",Date of stay: September 2011,4.0
3979,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3980-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Handy to Paddington Station,"We arrived from Heathrow and it was very easy and quick to get to the hotel from Paddington Station. The staff were friendly and accommodating.  We had requested an early check-in and, whilst our room wasn't ready when we arrived at 8:00am, it was only a 1.5 hour wait which gave us a chance to stretch our legs after a very long flight from Perth, Australia.  Room was very clean, nicely decorated but had low ceilings (watch out anyone around 6' 5"").  It has quality fixtures and fittings.  Be warned that the mini bar is automated and if you move drinks to accommodate your own purchases, you will see these charges on your bill.  This was sorted out prior to our departure and the reception staff were understanding regarding this.  Finally, expect a bit of noise from the street,…",Date of stay: September 2011,4.0
3980,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3985-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Fantastic Meeting Hotel,"I held a meeting for 50 in the hotel, having travelled in from the US to do it.  It was my first for-revenue event in the UK and was quite nervous that things would meet my expectations.  The event, including technology, layout, food and beverage, and all aspects of service (starting with sales straight through to wrap up) was flawless.    The best Hilton experience I've ever had, and I hold meetings for 50-200 every month.  If you need space in London, go to Paddington.",Date of stay: September 2011,5.0
3981,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3985-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Perfect hotel for me!,"I had an excellent stay at this hotel while vising London over Labor Day weekend.  First of all, I received an amazing rate on Priceline, about 75% off the rate on the Hilton website.  I was traveling alone and had never been to London before, so for me the location was a huge plus.  I took the Heathrow Express into Paddington Station (about a 15 minute trip).  There is an entrance to the hotel on the 2nd level from within the train station- couldn't be any easier!  I arrived at about 11am after an overnight flight from the US, so I was a little bummed that they did not have a room ready for me.  I only had to wait until 12:30pm though, and the concierge gladly stowed my luggage while I waited.  The room was nicely appointed if a bit small by US standards, but that is pretty…",Date of stay: September 2011,5.0
3982,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3985-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Loved it!,"This is not the kind of hotel at which we usually stay, but my husband had loyalty points built up from business trips, so we went fancy for two nights. We were in town for the royal wedding, so everything was very crowded, but the hotel was very peaceful. It's very convenient to public transportation, as it is connected to Paddington Station, but parking is not at all close.",Date of stay: April 2011,4.0
3983,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3985-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Excellent location and service.,My wife and I stayed here in an upgraded room for one night on our way back from Paris to LA.  We found everything about the hotel very good and had a most pleasant and relaxing evening and following morning before departing for the airport.  The restaurant is good and the location in Paddington Station is unique and very interesting.  I will definitely stay here again when we are next in London.,Date of stay: September 2011,5.0
3984,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3985-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Reasonable hotel in middle of London,Hotel was good. I would recomend it for a business traveller or a couple looking for a place to stay near the train station. Very convenient if Paddington is your London Station.,Date of stay: November 2010,4.0
3985,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3990-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Very convenient hotel,"Hotel is right next to Paddington, which puts it very convenient to trains, the Tube, restaurants and an easy walk to Hyde Park and points of interest in that area.  Despite being next to the train station, hotel rooms are quiet.  Rooms are spacious and well appointed.",Date of stay: August 2011,4.0
3986,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3990-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Good hotel in central London,"This hotel is not as good as the Hiltons in the US but for a European hotel it was OK. Rooms are average but the bathrooms are small. Location is nice and close to buses, tube and Paddington train station (especially nice if you use the Heathrow Express). Restaurants and services are generally slow and expensive.",Date of stay: February 2011,4.0
3987,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3990-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great location if you are flying into or out of Heathrow,15 minutes from Heathrow on a very inexpensive train IF you buy on-line in advance.  Perfect location to catch the tube all over London and to wander arounfpd the hotel.   I will stay here again.   Only downside was the restaurant in the lobby had a very limited menu off hours.   Best tourist event was spending three hours on a bike tour.  Great way to see London and feel a part of things.,Date of stay: August 2011,4.0
3988,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3990-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Make life easy for yourself...,"If you're travelling by train to/from Heathrow, make life easy for yourself and stay here rather the airport hotels on the Bath Road. Unlike those hotels there is no need to wait around for shuttle busses, and then have to lift heavy baggage on and off, not to mention the £4 each way fare... The rooms here are comfortable and well appointed, there are proper pubs and restaurants nearby, and you just walk a few steps to/from the Heathrow Express which goes straight to the terminals. Check in/out is efficient and friendly. It's a no-brainer if you need an overnight stop before/after a flight and would be a good location for 'non-flying' trips to London too.",Date of stay: August 2011,4.0
3989,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3990-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great place to stay for business,The rooms were clean.  The staff was very friendly.  Getting to and from Heathrow is a snap because of the express train and the connectivity to the Tube is all right there.  Resturants in the local area are not the best so plan on at least heading to Marble Arch or elsewhere for a decent meal.,Date of stay: August 2011,4.0
3990,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3995-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Quite a nice hotel,"Don't have time for an in-depth review so I will make this quick.  We stayed at this hotel as it seemed convenient for traveling back to Heathrow for our return flight. To be frank, I assumed the hotel would trade on it's convenient location and lowered my expectations a little for the rest of the hotel experience.  I was wrong. Forgetting the convenient location, the hotel is a quite nice on its own.   Heathrow Express: Access to the Heathrow Express is even more convenient than the website implies. Guest at the hotel can walk right from the lobby to the lobby of the train station. Staying at the hotel, you are closer than a taxi can drop you off.   Rooms As mentioned by others, the rooms were large, clean and nicely decorated. The hotel has an art deco motif that I loved. In…",Date of stay: August 2011,5.0
3991,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3995-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great Deal,"I tried Priceline biding for the first time and this hotel was the one I was given.  I must say I was VERY PLEASED.  I did not over pay, even paid less for the Hilton than I would have for a budget 2 star hotel.    We first received the standard 1  bed room that is quite small.  Kinda reminded me of the inside cabin of a cruise ship, but smaller.    When I asked if I could move to a room with two beds, they were very accomidation.  I had to spend the first night in the smaller room and was upgraded the next day to a much larger more US standard size room. Since it was Priceline they really did not have to do this. Very pleased with the room size and decor.  Very up to date.   We were on the second floor and the street noise was a little loud, but not so much it disturbed us. …",Date of stay: August 2011,4.0
3992,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3995-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Absolutely pleased with the facilities,"My husband and I had a three-night stay at the Hilton,Paddington,on our European tour December 2008.Of all the hotels we stayed in during our fifteen day trip(Italy,France and England),this was by far,the most comfortable and luxurious one!!Very well located,though the building is rather old,it is in perfect state,offering the guests a wonderful service ,large and cosy bedrooms,and a superb buffet breakfast(with such an array of sweets and savoury food that you feel tempted to try every single item!)Highly recommendable!!!Hope to stay there again If I ever return to London!",Date of stay: December 2010,5.0
3993,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3995-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Excellent location, friendly staff, spacious, comfortable, spotless room","I just got back from a two night stay at the Hilton Paddington with my six year old son.  I'm so glad I decided to stay there as I'd had concerns about whether it would be good value.    Our room was quiet and seemed to have been recently renovated.  Every member of staff we encountered including Isabella at Reception, the housekeeping staff on the floor,  the breakfast room staff and the concierge was professional and friendly. We had  breakfast there on both mornings and enjoyed a great range of good food with lots of healthy options.  The convenience to Paddington's transort facilities is a huge plus.  Starbucks, Marks and Spencer, Sainsbury's and Monsoon among other shops are located between the hotel and  Paddington station.  I would certainly recommend this hotel for a…",Date of stay: August 2011,5.0
3994,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or3995-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,great for airport trains,"located just off paddington station so very handy for the heathrow airport services. Room was spacious and they allowed us early check in at 11:30am, which was fantastic. Concierge was less than helpful when I asked them to confirm a tour booking I had made myself. His attitude was just call yourself- less than impressive. Be very careful to check the bill at this hotel as they charged for minibar service that we did not use. This was rectified at checkout but noticed the customer before us had the very same problem. Maybe it is their standard procedure to cheat those on business accounts and do not care to check.",Date of stay: June 2011,4.0
3995,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4000-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Noisy,"As mentioned in other  reviews, access strait from the train station is very convenient. You then step into the busy reception, in fact so busy that it was difficult to communicate with the receptionist. I got a standard single room that was pretty spacious, though nothing special.   Breakfast was very good, great selection. But the breakfast room was very busy and noisy.  A decent hotel but I have definitely stayed at better Hiltons. And be aware that the rates they publish are exclusive 20% VAT (is it common to do this in the UK..?) In addition, £15 for internet access is to much.",Date of stay: August 2011,3.0
3996,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4000-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,When Queen Mary becomes a mid-class Caribbean cruise ship,"The Hilton Paddington is a typical Hilton: you either like the design, the atmosphere and Hilton way - or you don't (which is rather my case). Actually, the building would be gorgeous – it’s the former Great Western Hotel built in the 1850s in a very special style - but its past glory has radically been erased by the renovation where American (I'll let you put an adjective if you want) taste has done an in-depth job.   Nevertheless, I was happy to stay there as the location was very convenient for me (I was coming to and leaving from Heathrow) and the sleep quality was very good (astonishingly, it’s very quiet, despite the location).   Service was not outstanding at all, apparently, they have problems to find qualified staff or they did run out of budget for their motivational…",Date of stay: August 2011,3.0
3997,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4000-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Excellent overall, almost luxiourious","We booked two double rooms for a 4 day stay.  We arrived on a red eye from US and took the Heathrow express  right to the door.  There is a little check-in right by the  Paddington train entrance--couldn't be more convenient!  Paddington is a hub for the underground and the  shops and ATMs in the station offer convenient options after hours and close by. We had requested an early check-in and were able to get to our rooms after a  quick breakfast.  The rooms  were next to each other as we requested- no glitches.   The  breakfast buffet was terrific, great variety and we particularly like that the eggs could be ordered as you like and that there was fish every day.  We booked  a non refundable rate, so while it was more than other options, it didn't break the bank. The only…",Date of stay: August 2011,4.0
3998,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4000-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Food Hygiene is APPALLING ...,"The accommodation is average for a Hilton. The rooms are typical of a four star hotel. The service is also four star. The ingress of diesel fumes from Paddington Station into the air-con is a problem. BUT *don't* ever stay there and eat the food. The delivery of all food - wrapped, sealed and unwrapped, open to the air, and uncovered is ALL delivered through one of the most toxic and contaminated delivery areas I have ever seen. This is at the side entrance in the road leading into Paddington Station. There are demolition works going on in the road right now with dust and dirt billowing into the delivery area; and a large number of smokers congregate in the same area leaving behind butts and ash all over the place. The delivery area itself is full of overflowing wheelie bins…",Date of stay: August 2011,1.0
3999,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4000-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Great location, nice room, pricey wi-fi","As others have noted, you can't beat this for an evening in London before a morning train to Heathrow.  It's physically attached to Paddington Station, giving internal access to tube and trains, including Heathrow Express and Heathrow Connect.  Our ""executive"" room was spacious and comfortable, with both shower and tub.  We had access to the Executive Lounge, with refreshments and reading areas, and serving an excellent breakfast buffet.  We were surprised by the lack of free wi-fi, either in the room or the lounge--wi-fi cost 15 pounds per day in the room, and you learn when you arrive in your room that you must go down to the desk to get an adapter to install in your room, and still use a user name and password to access the wi-fi.  In the public areas, shorter-term access is…",Date of stay: August 2011,4.0
4000,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4005-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Excellent,"The Hilton is in an ideal location with access to Heathrow, the Underground, and Bond Street shops.  I will definitely stay at this Hilton again.",Date of stay: August 2011,5.0
4001,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4005-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,No bargain.,Hotel is overpriced and service is sorely lacking. AC didn't work and room was dirty.  The only good thing about the hotel is that you can leave your luggage here and then come back and take the train to the airport.,Date of stay: July 2011,3.0
4002,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4005-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Location can't be beat!,"Stayed two nights at the beginning of our vacation. Arrived a little early (used the Heathrow Connect, 10 minutes longer than HExpress, half the cost). One of our rooms was ready, the other was not, so we were able to dump all our luggage in one room, and move into the second room right next door only a couple of hours later. Efficient staff at check in. Fair sized rooms, overlooking Eastbourne Terrace. We got a little traffic noise, mostly the occasional siren, but nothing to disturb our sleep. I had stayed here previously, and booked here again because of the great location: easy access from Heathrow, three Tube lines (although two were closed for refurbishment). Easy check out, able to leave our bags for pickup later in the day. Only real negatives: a bit impersonal (but it…",Date of stay: July 2011,4.0
4003,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4005-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,very well located - ideal for a stop off if you want to stay in london but want a quick easy trip to heathrow,This hotel is very well located - if you are staying in London and need to go the the airport - this is perfect  you can walk to the the heathrow express in under 10 mins from the hotel and at heathrow in 15 .  Saves a lot of time worrying about traffic and transport in London.,Date of stay: July 2011,4.0
4004,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4005-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,We Came Back,"In October 2010 we reviewed this hotel and said that we would be back.  And so we were, for four nights.  We were upgraded, I think, to room 642.  Get it if you can.  It has an outside terrace probably as big as the room itself, with a lounge chair, table, side chairs and footstool.  We certainly didnt expect to be lounging outside in the middle of London.  And you can keep the patio doors open, letting in lots of fresh air.  The bed is comfortable, lot of goodies in the Executive Lounge, free Internet, handy to bus, train and subway.  What more could you want?  The staff were great.  We had forgotten our CAA card which we had used for the room discount, but the clerk gave us the rate anyway.  We couldnt get tickets to The War Horse on-line but the concierge got us fabulous…",Date of stay: August 2011,5.0
4005,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4010-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,The Best Hotel for Travel Connections,"Well positioned hotel. All connections are just out the door steps like express trains to Heathrow Airport and more.That is why my wife and I will always stay at the Hilton Paddington Hotel for our flights to Europe and Asia. Good service, clean rooms and good breakfast, all that we need for our onward journeys -  long or short. Can't fault this hotel. This hotel kept me loyal because they can answer all my needs. Well done! See you again on our next journey.",Date of stay: August 2011,4.0
4006,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4010-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great location!!,"Perfect location for London exploration - attached to Paddington Station.  About 1/2 km from Hyde Park.  Reasonable restaurants in close proximity.  Rooms were nice - a bit dated, but not too bad.  For price, a great choice.",Date of stay: August 2011,4.0
4007,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4010-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Better than I remembered, but service needs work","I used to avoid this hotel years ago because it felt dark, dingy and musty. I gave it another try and they have improved on certain things, but need to work on others:  The good: - The overall finish has improved. Hallways no longer feel decrepit, and the rooms have a certain element of contemporary style that they lacked a couple of years ago. - Location still great - nothing like getting off the Heathrow Express and going straight to your hotel room - Value for money is decent  The challenging: - The front desk staff is brusque, almost rude. The person manning the desk when I arrived never once made eye contact or asked a question. He simply barked commands without even a 'please' - as in 'Give me your credit card back.' Fine, but if you're a front-desk Hilton employee, a bit…",Date of stay: August 2011,3.0
4008,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4010-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Fabulous location in London,"Hotel is at Paddington Station, so easy access from Heathrow airport (take the express train). Tube station also there so easy to get anywhere.  Nice business hotel, breakfast included - full spread.  Rooms are spacious and comfortable, with all standard amenities.  Free US adapters available at front desk. Business center and health club available. Internet available throughout hotel, wireless, for a fee.  Beds comfy, food was good (room service and lobby bar and breakfast).",Date of stay: July 2011,4.0
4009,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4010-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,great location for london !!!,"was staying at this hotel on a coach trip for 2 nights bed and breakfast, most staff were very helpfull and polite,the room was clean and bathroom had plenty of free toiletries .breakfast was very nice plenty of choices, although the menu prices were quite expensive - meals/drinks, would stay there again ...",Date of stay: July 2011,4.0
4010,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4015-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Room faced a brick wall,"I booked the room through lastminute and got a fabulous rate (half the rate advertised on all the other sites) Although for £120 for a room which doesn't include breakfast and faces a brick wall is highly disappointing!  The hotel is located wihthin Paddington Sttaion so very easy to get to. There are lots of shops, bars, restaurants nearby and the hotel is clean and modern.  My room was very nice (apart from the view) a good size, spotlessly clean and well equipped with large flatscreen TV, radio/cd player, mini bar and lovely toiletries in the bathroom.  Check in was lengthy as my booking couldn't be located but checking out was quick and efficient.",Date of stay: July 2011,3.0
4011,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4015-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,My Favourite of the Hilton's in London,"As usual good service, nice rooms and a lively bar.  Easily the best of the 4 star Hilton's in London.",Date of stay: June 2011,4.0
4012,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4015-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Decent for 1 night stay,I had a forced stay at London for a night as my connecting flight to NYC was next morning. I have some friends in London so decided to stay the night and meet them. The hotel is very convenient as it is linked to Paddington station. You take the heathrow express to London and within 5-10 minutes you can be in your room.   The hotel is a bit dated; but most hotels at a sub 200 GBP rate in London can be expected to be a bit old. I had a single occupancy room overlooking an alley. The room is small as with all rooms in London. Inernet is chargeable. The main reason to stay here would be if you have to stay for a night and want to also go to town. The convenience factor is great. But the compromise is that the hotel is average to above average.,Date of stay: August 2010,3.0
4013,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4015-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Convenient for Heathrow connection,"For me the biggest advantage of the hotel is that with the Heathrow Express you can reach Heathrow within 15-20 minutes - absolutely the fastest alternative from the Central London. A big hotel relatively close to Hyde Park (10 minutes walk) and to Hilton Metropole hotel that I reviewed recently. This hotel does not seem to be so tired and probably would be my preferred choice. Nevertheless the hotel staff seemed to be less friendly than in the Metropole, the Executive lounge is small and not much comfortable. They have also a limited number of executive rooms so I stayed in a normal guest room - however it was nicer that the executive in the Metropole. Breakfast was good and well organized, Wi-Fi connection worked well, bed was good and room quiet enough. I can certainly…",Date of stay: July 2011,3.0
4014,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4015-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Suprisingly nice and very convenient,"The hotel was right at Paddington - steps from the express train to Heathrow - so quite convenient for a short stay.  Many tube lines are easily accessible.  Adn there are two grocery stores right below the hotel, for those who arrive in weird hours and don't want to wait for room service.   Or just prefer to have simple food.      I was upgraded to a business room - it was quite spacious, which is unusual in London where the rooms often have the feel that if you stretch our your arms, you just might touch both walls.  And the internet connections always worked.  And the concierge desk has extra converter plugs on hand - wonderfully convenient for those of us who did not bring the correct plug.",Date of stay: June 2011,5.0
4015,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4020-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel connected to Paddington Station,"We ended up staying in this hotel when my company booked it for me.  I usually like to search TripAdvisor for all my wants at the right price, but not this time.  With that said, I was in London on business and pleasure and really enjoyed the Hilton Paddington.    The best point of this property is access to the train and tube.  I used the train each day to get to my office and my wife and I used the tube each day/evening to be tourists.  Our corporate rate included breakfast and free wifi so that was a huge plus that other guests may not get.    Though Paddington isn't in a tourist location, there are many hotels both inside Paddington Station (direct indoor access from hotel) and directly outside on the street.    The room was nice, a bit small by American standards but plenty…",Date of stay: July 2011,4.0
4016,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4020-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Wish i could have stayed here longer!,"I was in London for the Easter weekend to see friends visiting from abroad... and used my HHonors points to book a room at Hilton London Paddington! I booked a standard room and was upgraded to a lovely exec room (without the access to the exec lounge which was fine)... and was honestly surprised by the size of the room! REALLY REALLY decent for London! The check in staff were amazingly friendly, efficient and helpful! Particularly as i checked in so late that night (after a full day out in London.. plus drinks/dinner... etc) I think that this will be one of my firm favourite London Hilton hotels!!  PS - i must also include the fact that the proximity to the Tube station is very practical!!!",Date of stay: May 2011,5.0
4017,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4020-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Convinient......no doubt!,"If you are on a quick dash trip to London there are not many hotels that are more convinient.. 30 mins from getting off the plane at heathrow i was at the check in desk at the hotel in central London. It is a 3 minute walk from the Heathrow Express terminal at Paddington station to the lobby of the hotel. It is clean, efficient and well located if i had one critisism it would be that it is expensive.",Date of stay: July 2011,4.0
4018,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4020-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Another great stay at Hilton Paddington,"We really enjoy this hotel. It's convenience to Paddington Station and the Tube are excellent. Rooms are comfortable and of good size. As a Hilton Honors member, we received a nice upgrade to an executive room. Bed was fantastic after a busy day sightseeing. The Fuller's pub next door was a nice spot to people watch as Londoners stopped by for a drink before heading home at the end of the day. There are a number of nice restaurants nearby. Hyde Park is just a few minutes away.",Date of stay: April 2011,4.0
4019,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4020-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Ideal location,"Perfect location for staying in London, in Paddington station so next to underground",Date of stay: September 2010,4.0
4020,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4025-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Good for short stay,"We were just in town for a one night layover. The room was nice and comfortable. The location was also nice for a short stay. We walked to Hyde Park, ate some delicious Indian food at a nearby restaurant and took the express to the airport which is just out the back door.",Date of stay: March 2011,4.0
4021,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4025-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Loved it,After reading mixed reviews I booked the Hilton Paddington lowest category room.  Being used to smaller hotel rooms in UK and Europe I was pleasantly surprised at the size and convenience of the room.  Hotel is connected to the Underground transportation system and Heathrow Express(15 min ride).  All hotel personnel were very friendly and helpful.,Date of stay: July 2011,4.0
4022,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4025-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Convenience, convenience, convenience!","LOCATION & FACILITIES: 4/5: OK, we’ve stayed here twice now and can’t imagine staying anywhere else in London.  There may be better areas but, for us, it’s the convenience factor of being able to use the Heathrow Express to get into the city from Heathrow airport, and then just take an escalator up into the hotel!  No lugging cases onto Underground trains / along streets…!  There’s also a Sainsburys and M&S food store downstairs, along with a Boots, Starbucks and Monsoon.  And you have the underground below the station for getting about the city – suits us down to the ground!   SERVICE: 4/5: For a large-chain London hotel, we are quite impressed that the reception, concierge & restaurant staff are all very pleasant and helpful.    ROOMS: 3 ½ /5: Freshly decorated, medium-sized…",Date of stay: June 2011,4.0
4023,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4025-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Perfect location for Heathrow Express,"As many reviewers have said previously the selling point for this hotel is the location, a small escalator ride from the Heathrow Express. For us it was brilliant after a long delayed journey into London. We only used a couple of the facilities, the bar area was good for people watching we did have cause to ask directions to a restaurant, unfortunately the concierge was busy and someone else (possibly a bell boy!!) gave us what turned out to be pretty dopey directions, we ended up popping into another Hilton where the concierge was fantastic and gave us good directions and a map.  To sum up if you want a hotel in the centre of London with  great links to heathrow, I don't think you can go far wrong with this hotel, and in response to the person who said it was the worst Hilton…",Date of stay: June 2011,3.0
4024,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4025-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Location is all this Hilton Has,"This was our second stay at the Hilton Paddington.  As most of the other reviewers have mentioned the location is amazing.  You take the 20 minute Heathrow Express from Heathrow and you are literally an escalator ride away from the lobby.  Two years ago we stayed for two nights and we thought we'd give this Hilton another chance based on it's amazing location.  Unfortunately, we were disappointed for the second time.   Bed: The thing that truly was disappointing was the rock-hard beds.  Imagine a boxspring with a 1"" pad on top.  That's the bed.  If you enjoy a hard...I mean HARD...bed, this Hilton may be for you.  I won't stay again because for the second time my husband and I did not get a good night's sleep during our stay.  That really ruins the fun of the trip.  What is…",Date of stay: July 2011,2.0
4025,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4030-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great breakfast,"Stayed at this hotel for three nights and besides the great location,the service was first class.The buffet breakfast was one of the best we have had in all our years of travel. I would highly recommend this hotel.",Date of stay: July 2011,5.0
4026,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4030-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Does not do justice to the Hilton name,"This hotel is one of the worst Hilton hotels I have stayed at. The only reason I end uo selecting this hotel is because of its location. It's right at the end/beginning  of the Heathrow Express line which makes it very easy to get in and out of central London.   Everything else about this hotel is below average. The food/service at the restaurant is way below that of a world class hotel. The rooms are not well equipped, plumbing in the bathrooms is inadequate with poor water flow, inadequate hot water so on and so on.   Decor, carpeting etc. are monotonous and drab.   This place does not deserve to charge any more than 150 pounds per night.",Date of stay: March 2011,2.0
4027,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4030-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,good for price and location,"I stayed at this hotel on my 2nd trip to London and it was centrally located (paddington station runs underneath the hotel). The service was good, I had no complaints and would definately return with my girlfriend.",Date of stay: September 2010,4.0
4028,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4030-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Your Standard Hilton (which is always good),"Hilton is a reliable hotel chain, and this hotel is no different.  The room is well-sized, clean, with a nice shower and very comfortable bed.  If you're looking for ""character"" or a ""personal touch"", you likely won't find it here - especially if they are busy.  However, the staff are professional (if not a little brisk).  Yet, some do make the effort to personalize your stay - especially the bellhops and the doormen.  The location is perfect.  It's literally attached to Paddington Station, and it's a 10 minute walk from the start of Oxford Street.  Some advice:  check websites like lastminute.com (you can always research the descriptions of their ""secret hotels"" online).  Even semi-decent hotels in London are expensive, but I was able to secure a rate of 95 pounds (inclusive)…",Date of stay: July 2011,4.0
4029,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4030-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,We tried to call the hotel before we booked and we're shocked!!!,"We called the hotel as we were contemplating between Junior suite and Queen Suite. The hotel put us on hold for so long although we said we're from Melbourne, Australia. After being on hold, the guy serving us said he had no idea what was the difference in size between the two rooms!! I was horrified by his answer and decided not to stay there as I dont want to prepay for a hotel that doesn't even know how big the rooms are!!",Date of stay: July 2011,1.0
4030,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4035-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Expensively bad service,"Location, location, location - this hotel has it all.  So convenient from Heathrow, great selection of stores in the station.    Room - nice decor, hard uncomfortable bed and bad pillows.  Bath high and narrow and terrible water pressure, especially when your neighbour turns on anything - be careful not to get scalded in shower with the disappearance of cold water from time to time.  Towels - old and hard.  Staff - front desk erratic depending on who you get.  Will be halfway through attending to you, and then walk off to talk to one of their colleagues about some unrelated matter, leaving you standing.... waiting......waiting......  On checkin - asked for a newspaper to be delivered each day, and this never occured.    Prepaid week of internet access (a breathtaking 75 pounds)…",Date of stay: June 2011,2.0
4031,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4035-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Location, Location, Location","We stayed at this hotel because we wanted to use our Hilton points.  It made no difference to them that our stay was for free. They treated us royally. The hotel is spotless, the staff courteous, the rooms lovely, but the location is the key.  Coming in from the US to Heathrow we took the Heathrow express which  left us at the hotel's threshold in Paddington Station. Couldn't be easier. And the London Metro station is right there as well so every day we were on our way to tour and have fun by just crossing the street and getting on the trains. Couldn't be easier.",Date of stay: July 2010,5.0
4032,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4035-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Expensive,"Hotel is fine and convenient location. But exhorbitant pricing. Issues: advertised rate and check in rate excludes VAT (just sneaky). Rate excludes breakfast and wi-fi. Room, while comfortable is nothing  special and gloomy view of interior roofspace. And all for eye watering £430/night. Not acceptable for a late check and early departure. Will do more research next time and will not go back.",Date of stay: June 2011,2.0
4033,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4035-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"location, location , location","The great strenght of this hotel is its location - right at Paddington station. From Heathrow the Heathrow Express gets you to the entrance of the hotel (and vice versa) in 15 minutes flat. So you save time and money (no taxis). It is 5 minutes walk from Kensington Gardens and 15 minutes walk from Marble Arch and Oxford Street. And of course the underground from Paddington can take you everywhere.  Apart from the location it is comfortable, service is good and food is fair.  All in all I would recommend it",Date of stay: June 2011,4.0
4034,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4035-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Very good hotel,"Don't worry about the negative comments - this is a lovely hotel. A few steps from the heathrow express - so great if  in transit. We had a large clean room with a large clean bathroom. These are valuable in London centre! Great buffet brakfast too. Only minor issue was the lack of hot water on the evening we stayed - not a major problem for us as it was hot by the next morning, but not what you'd expect from the brand.  This hotel is expensive, but great value if you pick up a sale rate!",Date of stay: June 2011,4.0
4035,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4040-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,great,"loved it, would defintely go back. good transport links nearby. good food too.",Date of stay: June 2011,5.0
4036,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4040-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Forego if possible.,"Upon first glance, it seems impressive. Located right across paddington station. Arriving at the front desk, the staff barely take notice of you. And when they finally do, they treat you like they would a used sanitary pad.  Finally on our way to the room through the art deco halls, we arrive. Greeted by more art deco sparsely furnished rooms. Sat our luggage down, and tried the bed out. To our displeasure, they felt a little less comfortable than a marble slab.   After complaining several times about the beds, we get moved to another room who's beds were worse.  A truly harrowing 4 days at a cool £600. Stay away, forego, rather camp out in the tube than stay in this place.",Date of stay: June 2011,3.0
4037,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4040-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Good Business Hotel,Convenient location to Paddington station / Heathrow express. Beautiful old building Nice clean and comfortable rooms Highly recommend for business. Standard good Hilton breakfast buffet.,Date of stay: November 2010,4.0
4038,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4040-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Very well placed, confort, and good basic breakfast","Service was not the best service i got fro Hilton's chain, but it is very well placed in the heart of London.",Date of stay: March 2011,4.0
4039,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4040-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Perfect  base for our London stay,"This hotel worked perfectly for us- 15 minutes by Heathrow Express to checkin - directly connected to the station so no lugging bags around the street .Friendly staff who upgraded us to a lovely suite with a large balcony and separate loungeroom call the Muirgold Suite(room 643)-what a gem of a room and certainly one of the nicest upgrades I have received as an honors member.  Access to the executive lounge was well worth it here- happy hour with free drinks and canapes in the evening and a generous buffet breakfast plus  a range of soft drinks, coffee etc available all day.Sure it is not the same standard as Hilton lounges in Asia or Australia but way superior to those offered in US Hiltons that I have experienced.  Paddington Station is also connected to the Tube so we used…",Date of stay: June 2011,4.0
4040,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4045-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Convenient hotel, frustrating service","For trips in which proximity to Paddington Station is important., this hotel cannot be beat for convenience. It's literally part of the station. My room was basically adequate, although the water pressure in the shower was deplorable. My window looked out over the station, which was occasionally noisy, but that comes with the territory. The biggest frustration was trying to reach someone on the phone who could resolve a billing dispute. Several phone calls led to my talking to several people, none of whom had communicated with each other, and none capable of resolving the problem. I felt it was finally dealt with, only to find the charge on my bill at checkout. At that point, I was rushing to catch a train, and couldn't take the time to fight my way back through several layers…",Date of stay: May 2011,3.0
4041,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4045-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Super hotel...excellent staff, very helpful. Great location.","From the hotel manager taking pity on someone who had not slept in 22 hours due to a bumpy flight over from the US to the excellent Concierge gentleman who not only answer any and all questions but run up to rooms with adaptors exactly 5 minutes after being called!   It's a 15 minute train ride on the Heathrow express and the hotel is literally above the station.  It's a 30 minute walk to Marble Arch and Oxford Street and a 5 minute walk to Hyde Park. Superb middle eastern and Indian food everywhere in the neighborhood.  Just pick one, you cannot go wrong.  The only reason I could dock it would be the somewhat worn carpeting otherwise, no issues.  Rooms are roomy enough, especially for London and the shower/bath is super. I have a corporate rate and for that price, it's very…",Date of stay: June 2011,5.0
4042,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4045-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Good hotel in convenient location,"I got this hotel for a very good rate by bidding on priceline, so this review is based on what I paid. Had I paid the full price I might have given it 4/5 rather than 5/5. Left to myself it is unlikely I would have booked this location but I was pleasantly surprised as Paddington is a far more lively area than it used to be. It was interesting to be able to enter the hotel straight from the station, and the Sainsbury's and Marks and Spencer food hall right beneath it are useful for picking up a pastry or a sandwich at very reasonable prices. The rooms have an art deco touch which I quite like. Everything was very clean and the bathrooms are a fair size. Excellent value if you can get a good rate.",Date of stay: May 2011,5.0
4043,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4045-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Great location, poor service","This was our fourth stay at the Hilton Paddington and we chose it because of it's location next to Heathrow Express Station and our previous, good experience. We always find it perfect to arrive by Heathrow Express from the airport, walk up a few steps and standing right in the lobby. During our past stays we also liked the rooms and the service.  This time we were really very much unsatisfied.  The difference to a good hotel started with the booking. I wrote them, that this is the 4th time we stay there and I would highly appreciate a twin room on a high floor with street view. They never replied and did not mention my request when we checked in. Even got us the total opposite, room on first floor with inside view! At Marriott we always get a reply, even if they tell us, they…",Date of stay: May 2011,3.0
4044,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4045-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"easy access to heathrow but noisy, old dated rooms","Pros:  20 minute express train to Heathrow. great location, tons of resturants, shops nearby executive lounge well stocked  Cons My room was extremely far from elevator - had to drag suitcase a long while on thick carpeted (4 wheel suitcase hindered this feat). My room, although upgraded, to street view was horribly noisy.  buses all night lonbg, sirens, etc.  just horrid.   This of course can be fixed by requsting inside room. Bath/shower combo - very very narrow and deep.  Be very careful getting in and and out.  If you are at all not agile, it is hard in/out of this tub.  Also, the curtain was so long i was standing on it during my shower. The water fluctuated often, probably everytime a neighboring room turned on/off their water.    Very frustrating. I went to go to fitness…",Date of stay: May 2011,3.0
4045,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4050-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,A very pleasant surprise,"We were traveling back from Rome and were leaving for the US the next morning, so wanted a hotel that was easily accessible to Heathrow airport. We had arranged online for a room with the potential of an upgrade if it was available.   Due to long delays at the airport coming from Rome, we arrived very late at night.  At arrival they had already upgraded our room and were prepared for us in every way. Though quite late, they were very accommodating to our last minute request for a roll away for a third person, the desire for room service, and the provision of forgotten toiletries. We found the room to be very spacious, clean and with a very comfortable bed. Additionally it had  an excellent shower provisioned with Crabtree and Evelyn bath products.  An excellentbreakfast buffet…",Date of stay: May 2011,4.0
4046,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4050-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Only one positive-Location,"Location is great if catching an early flight from Heathrow and need to catch the express train from  Paddington.  Otherwise, stay elsewhere.  Service is terrible at both the front desk and the executive lounge.  Rooms are old and could use a makeover.  Beware if booking a dinner inclusive rate.  The restaurant has a ""special"" menu for the inclusive dinner.  It allows you to pick from one of three entrees, none of which are on the regular menu.  Very misleading and borderline ripoff.  Room a/c was not working and was blowing warm the entire stay.  No inclusive wireless Internet and hotel was charging £15.",Date of stay: May 2011,3.0
4047,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4050-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Fabulous, great business hotel!","The location really rocks!! If you are flying into the Heathrow, the Heathrow express drops you about 300 yards from the hotel.  The Hilton is a very wonderful business hotel. Recently updated rooms, large flat screen TV, great work space.  Paddington station offers the wonder M&S Simply Food, for great  well priced take away meals.  The Hilton will not blow you away with ambience, but the value is wonderful.",Date of stay: April 2011,5.0
4048,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4050-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Awful heating/air conditioning,"I stayed at Hilton Paddington for 2 nights during Easter. Although the outside temperature was 15 C during the night and 23 during the day, the heating was blowing full day and night and could not be stopped. First I got a room on the second floor where the window could not be opened. The heat was searing, absolute torture. No maintenance personnel was on site. All the receptionist could do was to move me to an upper floor room, where the hot air got a little less hot and where I could open the window and breath a little fresh air, albeit at the price of street noise. This is not what you expect from Hilton!",Date of stay: April 2011,4.0
4049,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4050-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Typicall Hilton - everything you need,"Stayed here overnight when my usual London arrangement fell through.  Very satisfied with everything. What comes in handy in January London is that you can walk directly to the Paddington station, without going outside, to catch Heathrow Express or another train to your favorite (I mean favouirte) destination.  Nice bar/club downstairs - i think there was even a line outside, but hotel guests get in free from the inside.",Date of stay: January 2011,4.0
4050,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4055-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great and efficient experience,"Always good to come back to the Hilton. Heathrow Express takes you more or less directly to your room within only 15 minutes. That transfer is faster than to most of the airport hotels and you are actually located in central London. The check-in was really friendly this time. I wonder if the staff just came from a training. The rooms are nice, clean and comfortable. The breakfast choice is good. Good experience all in all.",Date of stay: April 2011,4.0
4051,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4055-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Superior rooms and service,"My second visit to the Hilton Paddington, and I was not disappointed.  Fabulously clean rooms, lovely food, friendly staff, and a tremendous location.  Will definitely be going back, as for me it's the ONLY place to stay in London.",Date of stay: April 2011,5.0
4052,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4055-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,All Good,"We stayed here for one night, as we travelled up to see a West End show which was arranged through Ticketline.  Couldn't fault anything, the room was fine, although I didn't sleep that well, but that's just me, nothing to do with the conditions of the room!  Staff were very polite and the waiter could not do enough at breakfast to make sure everything was ok.  Can't comment on any of the other facilities as was not there long enough.  No complaints!  Even the weather was hot and sunny!",Date of stay: April 2011,5.0
4053,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4055-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Convenient, good location","Overall, the hotel itself is probably an average 3.  I bump it up to a 4 for it's location and convenience attached to the Paddington Station. I actually stayed here twice in two weeks, at the beginning and the end of a 3 week Europe trip for work.   The room: very spacious for a London hotel, decor and ambiance is average at best, a little worn.  I had a broken desk chair, the staff did not seem overly concerned and never replaced it, luckily I didn't need it. The food: again, average.  It is nice that there are plenty of quick options in Paddington Station, and good restaraunts within walking distance. The location: exceptional.  LIterally connected to the Station, and the Underground is just across the street. As a single girl traveling alone (I met co-workers there who live…",Date of stay: May 2010,4.0
4054,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4055-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Only good if you need to catch Heathrow Express in morning,"Great location if you need to catch the Heathrow Express, the train station also makes it convenient for groceries and quick bites.   The rooms are very tired and the staff is very uneven.  Doorman was extremely helpful and pleasant where as front desk and concierge were pretty useless.",Date of stay: May 2010,2.0
4055,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4060-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Very convenient for the Heathrow Express,"We had come to London to see a show at the Savoy Theatre. As we were heading back to New Zealand the following day we opted to stay at the Hilton and travel across London to the theatre rather than stay at the Strand Palace (convenient for the theatre) and then lug suitcases across the city to get to Paddington Heathrow Express. We stayed in twin room 514 which was tucked away. This cost 175 British pounds per night. The room was much larger than we expected, quiet, with rich, pleasant decor (gold, red, turquoise). Tiny window cleverly made to look larger with window dressing. Room temperature was overly hot and dry which dehydrated us overnight. Hallways felt like entering a furnace! We precooled the room at night and then turned off the aircon which rattled. Power went off…",Date of stay: April 2011,4.0
4056,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4060-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Meh... Only good thing is the location,"I'll state right up front that I'm not a fan of the Hilton chain and this hotel just confirms my feelings. I stayed here because of the corporate rate and proximity to the train station. The location is great for getting around, even with the constant Tube distruptions and train delays.  As for the rest: --Temperature control in the room seems to have no affect on the actual temperature of the room. I called to have it fix and someone came and fiddled with things and declared it fixed, but it's not. I was woken up several nights by the feeling of being baked in an oven.  --Room is generously sized and bed is firm. I don't like the duvet setup because it's an all or nothing sort of thing. You're either smothering or have nothing. --Carpet is quite worn and dirty around the edges.…",Date of stay: April 2011,2.0
4057,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4060-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Good location and transport links,Nice and spacious corner room. The hotel was an efficient service. Executive Lounges has a view to Paddington station hall. That hotel can be recommended.,Date of stay: April 2011,4.0
4058,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4060-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Watch Out for bed bugs and disrespectful staff!,"The first night of my stay I was tossing and turning and could not sleep. I also felt very itchy and could not figure out why. Very odd. I also felt something that felt like it was crawling in my ear. Well, when I woke up and opened the window shades I saw blood spots on the sheets and realized I had been eaten alive by bed bugs!  The manager came to my room and moved me to a new room on a different floor. He was very un-concerened even though I was frantic. The only reason I took another room instead of telling the awful staff at this hotel that I was packing up and leaving was because I had pre-arranged meetings with people coming to see me.   I changed to a new room and within 5 minutes the manager came to tell me that they did not find bed bugs in my room. At first I thought…",Date of stay: April 2011,1.0
4059,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4060-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"busy, good value and service business hotel","In paddington station and great for LHR access. Room and Breakfast is a good package as both are good.  Gets busy in foyer as many use it for casual meeetings but rooms area is quiet.  prices creeping up, ie now you pay for internet when before it was included. london is expensive to visit but overall good value and service.",Date of stay: March 2011,4.0
4060,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4065-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Recognition,"I have spent 2 nights at this hotel located in the heart of London Paddington train station, from March 29th to 31st.  As a Diamond HHonors member, I checked in at the Executive Lounge, and, based on a standard room fee, I was happily upgraded in an excellent Executive Deluxe one, very large and equipped both with Bath and shower.  The Executive Lounge is very comfortable, as well as room service is very professional, for dinner and breakfast.  Wether you arrive from Eurostar Saint Pancras International station [5 stops underground only], or from London Heathrow Airport [20 minutes direct from LHR T5], the location is absolutely convenient].  I really enjoyed this short stay at this trully business hotel.",Date of stay: March 2011,4.0
4061,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4065-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Really nice but really expensive,"The location is perfect for getting to and from Heathrow. We stayed one night so that we could hop on the Heathrow connect train for our flight home..  The room was excellent, the staff helpful, breakfast was good.  I had investigated spending our entire trip at the Hilton, but it was cost prohibitive - - this one night was our treat.",Date of stay: March 2011,4.0
4062,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4065-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Good Hotel - Very good Part is from Airport Heathrow Express goes straight to Paddington,"I visited this Hotel in 14th April 2010 to 15th April 2010.  Very good hotel, pleasent atmosphere.  As a indian I suggest to visit this hotel frequently becuase there are so many indian staff and they are also cooperative.  I enjoyed Indian Food in Lodon also.    The most exciting thing is that the Heathrow Express  train from Heathrow Airport goes straight to Paddington Station. The Hilton Paddington is next to the train station and is reached via a footbridge from inside the train station.  Too Good city to visit.  Thanks   Dhirendra Chudasma",Date of stay: April 2010,5.0
4063,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4065-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Practical for Heathrow Express,"I was in London on business for one day and chose this hotel based on the location, whích is extremely practical for Heathrow Express.   Check in was ok but not great, I had to wait for a few minutes and when getting to my room, the room key was not activated and I had go down to the reception again. A bit annoying as my colleague was waiting for me and we needed to get going.  The room was clean and practical with most amenities, including coffee maker, which was nice in the morning. The TV was a bit on the small side. I had a good night's sleep.  I left early in the morning and did not have breakfast, so no comment on that.",Date of stay: March 2011,3.0
4064,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4065-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Disappointing,"This did not meet my expectations for a Hilton. Even though as a HHonors Gold member I had an upgrade, the bed was old and uncomfortable. Water pressure fluctuations made the shower alternate between too cold and scalding. I stayed there for the convenience of the direct access to Paddington station, but that was closed too early and opened too late.",Date of stay: March 2011,2.0
4065,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4070-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Elegant, Charming, Beautiful!","Stayed at thre Hilton Paddington the first weekend in March and was VERY pleasantly suprised. I went with an organised party so the hotel was chosen for us, great choice!  The rooms are fabulous, the food was really very good, the service was exceptional and a tbe station across the road.  What more could you ask! I would definately stay there agin without a doubt",Date of stay: March 2011,5.0
4066,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4070-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Very Convenient,"I found the hotel first and foremost very conveniently located right next and connected to Paddington station. Heathrow Express for quick airport transfer as well as a number of tube lines connecting to all over London - including the Bakerloo line with only a few stops to the West End - at the doorstep.  Rooms were ok - nothing special and a bit old fashioned but clean and in good condition. The feel of the hotel truly is a bit like the train station next door - busy and impersonal - but staff is friendly, efficient and helpful.  Nothing special but a sure bet to return to if the location suggests it.",Date of stay: January 2011,4.0
4067,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4070-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Fantastic room, highly recommended","My wife and I stayed here in February 2011. First off, it's directly attached (via a walkway) to Paddington, so is perfect for connections at Heathrow, and obviously convenient for the tube and rail services to the west of the country. That said, it's a bit too far to walk to the main tourist sites. The neighbourhood ain't the best, though pretty typical London ... turn a corner and you're somewhere vastly plummier/dodgier than you just were, and there are muggers in Chelsea as well as New Cross. Stick to the busy roads and act confident, and you'll be just fine.  The room itself was amazing: spacious (in absolute terms, not only by London standards!), quiet, and spotless. Perhaps this was due to my Hilton Honors membership, which is free and therefore recommended if indeed it…",Date of stay: February 2011,5.0
4068,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4070-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Nice to have a Hotel were the staff have excellent manners!,"Just finished a weekend stayed at the Hilton Paddington.The Hotel was great, rooms, public rooms light and airy, Bedroom fantastic, very large,lots of touches, like the coffe maker. Room that large had to wear my glasses to watch TV. Area around the hotel good lots of restraunts, all tastes. Look out for the 2 for 1 in the Steam bar 5-7pm. Staff have excellent manners and were very attentive during the whole stay, always saying hello and chatting, even at a busy breakfast time. Never had to que like in some hotels at a weekend for a table. throughley enjoyed the whole weekend and would recommend to anyone. Walked the regents cana behind the hotel through to Camden lock via little venice and London Zoo, took less than an hour and very scenic.",Date of stay: March 2011,5.0
4069,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4070-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Good Hotel right at the heart of Central London. Best accessible by Heathrow Express,"Roooms are Small but wonderful. The Hotel is accessible right from inside the London Paddington Tube station. Heathrow express is best to reach this hotel in just 15mins from Heathrow airport. A little costly with the VAT expenses, but certainly the best for a busy traveller. A night's stay is worth the pounds spent",Date of stay: January 2011,5.0
4070,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4075-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Worked Well for Our Purposes,"We were spending a weekend in London to recuperate from jet lag from San Francisco and this hotel worked fine for us. We took the fast train from Heathrow to Paddington station and arrived at 2 PM, prior to check-in time. From the station, you take an elevator up to the lobby of the hotel, so it is very convenient from the train. Although it was mentioned at the desk that it was prior to the 3 PM check in, they gave us a room immediately. The room was on the 5th floor, across from the elevator. The room was adequate size, especially by London standards. We had ""no view"", but that wasn't the purpose of our visit, as we would be out all day anyway.  The room temperature was a bit difficult to regulate. There weren't many English speaking channels on the TV, but there were a lot of…",Date of stay: February 2011,4.0
4071,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4075-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Very good,only stopped one night as part of a organised trip to London.  The only fault worth mentioning is the constant humming of the generators? in the middle of the hotel which affected our sleep.  The room and breakfast were very good.,Date of stay: February 2011,4.0
4072,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4075-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Busy, but managed to retain a relaxing atmosphere.","I really enjoyed this lovely spacious hotel! The decor leans towards art deco and is tastefully done - the lift doors are worth a special trip! Our deluxe room was immaculate; the executive lounge provided a wide range of snacks and drinks and the location of the hotel is central. As always in Hiltons, the price of  drinks was huge and we did not appreciate an extra service charge on top - for what, we do not know, as we collected our own drinks from the bar!",Date of stay: February 2011,4.0
4073,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4075-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Not bad, but not great.","Was really looking forward to staying here, mostly because of the location.  Well, at least that didn't disappoint.  My husband is a Hilton Honors diamond member, and as such is supposed to receive an upgrade to an executive room upon check-in (based on availability).  When we arrived, we were told that they were busy that weekend and an executive room was not available.  When we asked if an upgrade would be available during any part of our 4 night stay, we were told that the upgrade was not ""a promise"", but it now seemed that  an upgrade was available after all.   Wasn't that timely...? The rooms itself was fine (room 408).  It had a nice large bathroom and was surprisingly quite for being right at the train station.  The problem we had was with the ""king bed"".  It was actually…",Date of stay: February 2011,3.0
4074,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4075-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Faultless, friendly and perfect location","I honestly cannot fault our stay at the Hilton paddington. Upon arrival we wanted to use the concierge service to leave our bags before we could check in at 3.  The friendly receptionist said that we could check in early if we wanted to. The room was spotlessly clean and good value for what we paid. It was also a good size - before we booked we read dozens of reviews saying London hotel rooms are like shoe boxes, this certainly wasnt the case. My only negative comment would be how warm the room was, even with the air con on and windows open it was like being abroad - no bad thing though in the middle of winter I suppose. The breakfast which was included was excellent, a choice of cooked (traditional english breakfast), large selections of pastries, cereals, fruit, continental…",Date of stay: February 2011,5.0
4075,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4080-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Convienent Hotel to Tube,I stayed at the Hilton Paddington Hotel for 3 nights. I took my dad there who had never been to Europe before. We chose this Hotel for the convenience on the Heathrow Express. Well if you land at the correct terminal it is convenient otherwise it is a long walk to catch the Heathrow express carrying luggage. However the convenience to the tube is good. We had access to the executive lounge which was really good and you can see all the people hustle and bustle in Paddington train station. The room was okay we had a suite. The service for breakfast was great the rest not so good. The second day there by towel had a little blood on it not from me or anyone else in my party. We called the manager Rakish and we were assure we would be contacted still no contact. I would stay there…,Date of stay: January 2011,3.0
4076,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4080-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Good hotel in convenient location,"I stayed at this hotel because of the 50% off weekend deals Hilton was running, which made for excellent value. Sadly the weekdays offered no deals so I could only stay for a few days.   The location is incredibly convenient as the hotel is accessible from inside Paddington station. That makes arriving from Heathrow a breeze. Staff were friendly and accommodating about my early morning arrival.   The room was modern which is not always the case in London. The room size was also very good against London standards. The room was very clean and everything in working order. Shower pressure was excellent.   Minor gripes : the alarm clock was on the TV stand making it rather pointless. The room was also very hot because of the heat being on for winter. I had to open both windows as…",Date of stay: January 2011,4.0
4077,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4080-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Good value hotel & location, starting to wear a bit, service slipping, 7/10","I would like to give this hotel 3.5 circles if such a thing were possible.   We previously stayed in this hotel around a year ago, and were fairly impressed. However, our experience this time wasn't quite as good. In particular, we felt that the condition of the room and the service wasn't up to Hilton standards.   The first thing to say about this hotel is the location - it forms the facade to Paddington station and as such is extremely convenient, especially for people taking the train to Heathrow. There is an entrance from the station concourse which provides a handy shortcut.  On arrival, we were a little disappointed by the attitude of the trainee that checked us in. We weren't made to feel particularly welcome, and were looked at with something approaching suspicion, which…",Date of stay: January 2011,4.0
4078,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4080-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Central location with friendly staff,"Great place for business travel.  Easy access to tube, train and Heathrow.  The staff was helpful and friendly, very clean.  Included breakfast buffet is great with lots of options.  The only downside was being in a room overlooking Paddington.  One night the train station had a malfunctioning fire alarm and it was extremely loud in the room....leading to not sleeping.  I would ask for a room on the other side of the hotel next time.",Date of stay: December 2010,4.0
4079,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4080-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Perfect for a one night trip such a football match or show,"I got a great price for this hotel online. My trip was for a one night trip to a football match so I needed a hotel that was convenient to the Heathrow Express and to be honest, I overlooked it as I expected it was going to be expensive. I got a twin room for £90 for a Saturday night including breakfast. Within 20 meters of the hotel is a Tube station, taxi rank  plus a late-night supermarket, newsagent, and many coffee shops including Starbucks. Staff were efficient and breakfast was good.",Date of stay: January 2011,4.0
4080,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4085-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Perfect spot for a late arrival at Heathrow airport,My flight arrived at London Heathrow at 8 p.m. and instead of staying at the Heathrow Hilton I took the Heathrow Express (15 mins) to London's Paddington Station. The hotel is part of Paddington Station and an easy walk from the train to the hotel lobby. The rooms are oversized and very comfortable. I enjoyed the Executive Lounge and had dinner and breakfast there.  The service was just o.k. but really did not expect much in a large city like London.,Date of stay: January 2011,4.0
4081,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4085-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Just OK,"We got a good rate, including breakfast. Room was small but typical for London, bed small but reasonably comfortable. Horrible smell of drains in the room which we did not mention as we did not have time to change rooms but the chambermaid must have noticed. Shower ran hot and cold. Breakfast quite good but have had better. Staff did their job but not particularly helpful- other than a couple of the breakfast staff who were quite attentive. Generally the only reason for using this hotel is the proximity to the Heathrow express but next time will try other options in the area- Lancaster gate is an easy walk",Date of stay: January 2011,3.0
4082,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4085-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great location,"Fantastic suite room, nice and spacious.Check in was fast and friendly, lobby starting to look dated since last visit .ideal spot to be a tourist in as tube and shops near by.exec lounge was good not a huge selection but nice all the same.",Date of stay: December 2010,4.0
4083,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4085-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Good hotel, but starting to show signs that it is in need of refurbishment","This was originally the ""Great Western Railway Hotel"", and it's best feature is the main feature thought all those years ago by the Victorians-, it's interconnected with Paddington Station. So it was designed as a convenient hotel for those travelling from the English West Country and South Wales, and it remains useful. Of course nowadays it also convenient for those traveling into London via Heathrow Airport due to the Heathrow Express Service. It's useful to not have to take luggage on a tube or bus, or to get an expensive taxi, you walk off the platform into the hotel.  However for those staying longer in London, whilst there are good tube and bus connections, a more central location may be more convenient for you. I certainly wouldn't recommend this hotel if you were staying…",Date of stay: January 2011,3.0
4084,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4085-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel in a great location,"I chose this hotel principally for the good heathrow connections.  In that respect, it was superb... a very short walk from the heathrow express to the hotel.  The check-in process was very friendly, professional and fast!.  There were some rooms being renovated on my floor, the check-in staff apologised about this but in fact there was absolutely no disturbance (a slight paint smell on the walk from the elevator to the room).  The room itself was great... very large, very comfortable bed and great bathroom... making for a great night's sleep.  The only thing in the room that I would have appreciated was a hairdryer.  The breakfast had a good selection.  I didn't think much of the restaurant selections in the immediate area of the hotel, but it is so well located to bus and tube…",Date of stay: January 2011,4.0
4085,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4090-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Good convenient location topped with friendly service.,"The Hilton London Paddington is the place to be when in London,  very convenient ( for Airport and the city) right across from Padington Subway station and also attached thru the back entrance to the Paddington train station. There are many good restaurants within the area and many attractions only one or two stops away by subway or bus. (make sure you check out Portobello area one stop away) The personel are very friendly and especially the East European girls at the front desk very attentive and helpfull. The room is exactly like the one showed in the picture above, the staff keep it very clean.  I didn't notice any noise or music during my stay 5nights Wed thru Monday . one thing that caught my attention when checking out is they tried to bill me for stuff I did not use from…",Date of stay: August 2010,5.0
4086,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4090-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,a modernized old railway hotel,"I believe this hotel began life as a hotel for the Great Western Railway. It has been modernized and sits 'on top of' Paddington Station. The rooms are good sized for London, with high quality fittings and supplies, the breakfast is an above average buffet and the public spaces are certainly adequate. The two problems we had were the inability to control the temperature in our room (it was always too hot) and the dangerous shower. The water would stop flowing for 15-30 seconds in mid-shower and then return at very high temperature. I realize the plumbing is old but this problem can be fixed if the company is willing to spend the money. We got a very good rate so the hotel was certainly worth the money. If you can get a discount price the hotel is certainly worth the money.",Date of stay: December 2010,4.0
4087,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4090-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Nice Hotel,"Nice hotel, I thought the reception area was just lovely. Friendly staff, breakfast was great. The area just outside of the hotel seemed a little rough, a lot of young teenagers drinking on the streets (this might have been to do with the fact it was Halloween) but it was fairly busy so you didn't feel unsafe at all. Rooms were clean and comfy and obviously great location for travel.",Date of stay: October 2010,4.0
4088,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4090-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Not as good as expected,Nice location for travel from Paddington Station. Convenient to Heathrow Express. Staff was friendly and helpful. Room was just okay. Not sure what the 20 pound upgrade was worth it. Bed was hard. Furnishings average. Expected a bit more for the hotel.,Date of stay: December 2010,3.0
4089,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4090-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Excellent hotel,"Stayed here while overnighting in London. What a lovely hotel. It has preserved a old fashioned feel while being up to date in service and facilities. Great location, spacious rooms and excellent service by all the staff.  Only negative is the breakfast area which gets very busy in the morning and might need a little more space.",Date of stay: December 2010,5.0
4090,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4095-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Comfortable and easy one night stay,"The location of the hotel is obviously the major selling point as many have already covered – situated on top of Paddington station and tube so really close to everything.  The room itself (standard double) exceeded expectations: spacious, an incredible king size bed and lovely marble bathroom. Decor and quality of the building did not seem dated to me as other reviewers have mentioned; on the contrary, everything was well presented and had more of a wow factor than expected. Our room, 412, was located on the outside of the building and so road noise could be considered a problem, but it was barely noticeable - even on a busy nye! On the upside we could even see a lot of the fireworks from our window, excellent bonus.  The hotel was excellent value for money after we got a top…",Date of stay: December 2010,4.0
4091,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4095-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,The only really bad thing was the price.,"We were stuck in London for six days because of the ""blizzard"", and spent five of those at this hotel. The rooms were very clean and spacious. The hotel was super convenient to Heathrow and the tube (it literally sits right on top of Paddington Station), and the staff was nice and helpful. You can tell that theres some wear around the edges (the carpet is coming up in some of the hallways, and one of the bannisters had fallen down in the hallway and remained that way the whole time we were there), but those are minor complaints and didn't really impact our stay. The only real gripe was the price, which seemed high at 200 GBP per night, and the fact that the air conditioning did not work properly (the room ranged from insufferably hot to freezing cold depending on the mood of the…",Date of stay: December 2010,3.0
4092,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4095-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Very comfortable London option,"I spent one night at the Hilton London Paddington on Sunday, December 19th, 2010.  I had not initially planned to spend Sunday the 19th in London however my flight out of Heathrow was cancelled due to the great UK snowstorm of 2010 and I wanted something convenient to Heathrow Express (the hotel near Paddington where I had spent Friday and Saturday nights was booked).  Based on TripAdvisor reviews, I had initially ruled out the Hilton Paddington when planning my weekend in London, however after staying there, I have a very different view of the hotel and it’s honestly a very comfortable London option.  Check-In: After returning from Heathrow, I got back to the hotel around 10:15am and attempted to check-in.  The very nice receptionist checked me in and assigned my room (honoring…",Date of stay: December 2010,4.0
4093,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4095-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Very comfortable hotel with great location,"This has to be one of the most centrally located hotel in Central London.  Very clean & friendly staff.  Rooms were decently done up & toilets were clean with abundant supply of toiletteries.  Morning break fast was sufficient unlike many hotels which gives very restricted menu.  But all these comes with a decent price tag, felt this to be bit overpriced.",Date of stay: October 2010,4.0
4094,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4095-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Convenient location - conditions are runned down, staff tolerated you!","I have been traveling to London for years and often stay at the Hilton at Paddington Station.  Generally I have been impressed with both the condition of the hotel and the staff is very helpfu.  This last visit had led me to think that it is time to find another hotel!  As a Hilton Honors member, I was ""upgraded"" to a double deluxe room - the carpet was torn!.  When I spoke to the hotel manager regarding the carpet, it was torn and completely separated in half with the edges turned up.  I told him that if I don't trip, his future guests might - he just said ""I will inform housekeeping"" - Needless to say, no one came to check on the carpet.  I had to lay towels down to cover the tear so I would not trip in the middle of the night.",Date of stay: December 2010,3.0
4095,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4100-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great for Hilton Elites- Great Location-Not enough Maids??,"We  were upgraded  to  a  “  Double Hilton  Deluxe”  room  which  was quite  large, with  what  seemed  to  be a  king sized  bed ( though they did  not  call it  that-  it was  quite  comfy  & had  decent, large pillows).  Room  was  very  well sound  insulated, even with  windows  open ( which  was  needed to keep  room  cool enough   on a  cold  December  day). We also  were  given access  to  main  restaurant  for  a  great  buffet  breakfast  in lieu of access to  executive  lounge, which  was  small &  only  for  executive  floor(which they  would have offered  if   not  fully booked)  guests  There  was one large  table  ( with  chairs), two smaller  tables  & a  desk…plenty of  flat  surfaces on which  my wife could put things.  It also  had an average (about  32”, not …",Date of stay: December 2010,4.0
4096,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4100-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Pay for convenience,"The good Extremely convenient for early morning Heathrow departure or late night arrival. Also on the Bakerloo and Hammersmith & City Tube lines. Executive lounge is well stocked with beer, wine, soft drinks, espresso. Breakfast too. Some rooms are very nice.  The bad HVAC doesn't work well, so if it's very hot or very cold outside, you will be too. Some rooms are around a nightclub, and on Friday and Saturday nights, these are to be avoided as it will be quite loud. More generally, there is street noise, so if you need a quiet room, you will need one that isn't on the street.",Date of stay: December 2010,4.0
4097,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4100-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Average business hotel,"Convenient location right next to Paddington with connection to Heathrow. No charm what so ever, but nothing to complain about except Air Conditioning.",Date of stay: December 2010,4.0
4098,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4100-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Better than expected,"Although I had stayed in other Hilton properties in London this was a first for me at Paddington.  In fact prior to getting it on Priceline I was oblivious to its existence. I was also dumb enough to arrive by car and the parking is dire- the nearest public access parking is ten minutes walk away.  Now had I arrived by train, well it is linked by a walkway to a mainline station (15 mnins to Heathrow) and has a tube station (underground) just across the street.  The concierge staff were a little offhand when I asked about parking but check-in were very good and efficient. My room was a good size by central London standards with all amenities.  The bed was excellent - unlike the complicated TV remote. BUT - those hotel showers with odd controls inside a bath are fine for the…",Date of stay: December 2010,4.0
4099,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4100-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Convenient hotel for Heathrow with good size rooms,"We stayed here for one night prior to a mid-morning departure from Heathrow.  The room was good size and the bathroom was palatial compared to a typical London hotel.  The beds were excellent - I like hard mattresses, and the amenities standard.  I felt the price of the room was high, even with the AAA discount, but this hotel sells itself on its location, being attached to the Paddington rail station and Heathrow Express.",Date of stay: November 2010,4.0
4100,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4105-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Best Hotel i've stayed in, in London","Stoped off at the Hilton en route for a morning flight out of Heathrow.  What a superb hotel.  The room was spacious had a fabulous bathroom with large walk in shower. Very comfortable bed.  The hotel was very quiet, no noise indication that it was on a major railway station.  The GWR band was playing on the station in the evening.     Took breakfastwhich was OK; there were more staff than eaters.  After breakfast, stright on to the Heathrow Express and away.",Date of stay: November 2010,5.0
4101,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4105-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Ex Grand Hotel needs mending,"This is the most convenient hotel if you have an early flight or train from Paddington. That said, it is beginning to be run down. We had two de-luxe rooms, one spacious, the other small. The aircon was not controllable in either room. In one it was too hot, in the other, too cold. Phone calls to housekeeping got the engineers working on it, but with little result. Water pressure in the shower was weak and, when the next room used water, weaker still. No robes or slippers. (deluxe! £250 per room!) Beds big but fairly hard and squeaky.  A long wait to get a table for breakfast (when does that train leave?) Breakfast room low ceilinged and oppressive. Tea/coffee service very slow - only one waitress for lts of tables. Buffet selection  very average and tired looking. The Indigo…",Date of stay: November 2010,3.0
4102,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4105-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Will stay again for location but there are better hotels for the price,"First of all, I am probably considered a mid-high maintenance customer, I do expect things to be perfect so keep this in mind when reading my review.  Stayed here in December 2009 and loved the convenience of walking straight off the train into the hotel.  Staff were ok but were rather inflexible on check-in, I was told I'd booked a double and that was it, any other hotel has been happy to let me switch to a twin if there was one available.    Got to my room and wasn't happy with it being at the back of the hotel overlooking a rather dingy roof, but they were more than happy to move me and did this with little trouble to me.  I also asked for a fan and that the mini bar be emptied so I could use it as a fridge and both these requests were met without any bother.  Beds may be too…",Date of stay: December 2009,4.0
4103,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4105-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"affordable, convenient surprise","so easy to get to the hotel from heathrow on the heathrow express.  late evening arrival but some food outlets in paddington rail station were open. difficult to get reasonable bookings as it is an upscale hilton property. quick, friendly checkin in the hotel and a great full english breakfast served in morning. caught train from rail station attached to the hotel to cardiff.  so civilized! paddington tube station is comething else. too many people, too few ticket machines operating.",Date of stay: February 2010,5.0
4104,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4105-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Just awful,Air conditioning unit was broken but not a single other room to move to!! Spent the night awake due to the noise of unit and freezing cold  My 2nd stay had me awake at 4 by a mis dialled wake up call! Then awoken at 6 by work being carried out in paddington station - so bad whole room vibrating  Avoid if you need some sleep,Date of stay: October 2010,1.0
4105,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4110-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Good solid hotel,"Stayed for 2 nights to watch the NFL at Wembley, access is very easy when flying into Heathrow, Heathrow express to Paddington up the escalator and into the hotel.  We arrived an hour early and were told the room wasn't ready, No problem, left the luggage with the concierge and headed out. We had an executive room, nice and spacious, all the usual amenities, safe, iron, tea and coffee, complimentary mineral water. Bed was comfortable, bathroom ok. Not sure when the last renovation was, the room was looking slightly tired but was ok. Didn't use the lounge as we didn't hang around the hotel, the one time i wanted to use a PC with a printer, to check in for our return flight i was redirected to the business centre, no printers in the lounge! free use of airline websites to check in…",Date of stay: November 2010,4.0
4106,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4110-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Very good 4 star typical Hilton,"Pros: -------   Great location for Paddington Express to Heathrow and for the Tube to the West End and to the City. Nice big rooms. Decent food. Friendly staff. Great concierge.  Cons: --------  Not exactly central, area not the best bit of Paddington. Rooms over Praed Street are VERY noisy Mattresses are rock hard and old.  Overall I would say this is a good hotel for business travellers.",Date of stay: October 2010,4.0
4107,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4110-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,do not pay extra for the excetive lounge,we stayed at this hotel on a saturday paying extra for the excetive lounge we were told there was only cake aviable no sandwicheswe have had cake & sandwiches at another hliton hotel plus nibbles .as i am a coeliac i asked for some gluten free cake to which the answer was dont have any but for breakfast there was both cake and toast for me g/f .the breakfast in the excevtive lounge was terrible just bacon sausage scrambled egg the was no beans /tomato/or mushrooms .both our rooms were very noisey as its near a major traffic route,Date of stay: October 2010,4.0
4108,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4110-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Location, Service, Hospatality = FABULOUS","Was in London on Business and picked the Paddington Hilton because of it's location (connected to the Paddington Train Station).  What a surprise!  The Service was superior, all the staff were VERY Hospitable and the Location was second to none.  Great access to Tube and within walking distance to many many things.  Would definately stay there again.",Date of stay: February 2010,5.0
4109,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4110-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,The Best Hilton Concierge Lounge,"February 2010, i stayed for a week.  Walked & walked, stopped at Harrods to buy those funny looking tennis shoes-shapers.  Toured all the major museums & palaces.  I love London and consider it one of the most tourist friendly cities with a fantastic infrastruture, multiple modes of transportation, excellent signage and so many historic places.  What other country has signs all over to remind unwary walkers to ""MIND THE GAP"".  Gotta love the UK Great value, convenient to airport and center of London on ""the tube"".  The concierge lounge on the main level of the hotel is one of the best and well worth the extra cost. If you've followed my other reviews - i'm not a major foodie and it aches if i have to pay more than $50pp for a meal.  But i love good wines, gin & tonics, champagne…",Date of stay: February 2010,5.0
4110,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4115-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,We will be back,"We spent four nights here recently and thoroughly enjoyed ourselves.  As everyone says, the location is perfect.  In fact, we think it might be just as easy to stay here instead of the Hilton Heathrow when we are in transit.  The travel time is about the same and there's certainly a lot more on offer at Paddington.  Between the buses, subways and walking, everything is within reach.  We love the space offered by the Junior Suite, the large walk-in shower, the windows that open.  And the Executive Lounge carried lots of nice breakfast, snack and hors d'oeuvres selections.  The heat didn't seem to have been turned on yet, so our room got a bit chilly and the selection of TV and radio startions is meagre, at best.  We were pleased to note that the hotel is busy redecorating the…",Date of stay: October 2010,5.0
4111,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4115-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,My favorite London Hotel!,"This is so very convenient for the train to Heathrow. Down the elevator and you're in the station and also have full access to the shops. The rooms are clean and comfortable. The service is marvelous, whether it be the Concierge, Check in or Restaurant help. Even when arriving early you can check your bags and pop downstairs for a bite to eat.  It may be a tad pricy, but booking in advance saves quite a bit and it is well worth the price. It is a wonderfull location with shopping and Hyde park well within walking distance. A great hotel.",Date of stay: September 2010,4.0
4112,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4115-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,After a month of hostels this was a king's palace,"After traveling around Europe with a backpack I decided that I needed a good sleep before my trip home.  My parents were gracious enough to pick a location that was perfect for a traveler.  Coming in late at night it was easy to find (by the starbucks in paddington station!).  The gym left much to be desired; however, the food, service, and sleep quality superseded my one complaint about the hotel.  It is perfect for a traveler.",Date of stay: July 2010,5.0
4113,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4115-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Hilton Paddington Service of poor quality,"I travel alot with my work and i was in london for Saturday 09th Oct 2010 and stayed in the Hilton Paddington as it was quoted as a 4 star delux hotel. The cost for one night was around 250 pounds sterling room only. We arrived to the hotel late on Saturday evening. We checked in, asked conceriege where there was a good indian restaurant and went there. The food was poor quality in the restaurant recommended by the conceriege. We went back tot he hotel, went to the bar which closed at 12.30. We enquired where we could get a dirnk and if there was a residents bar. They did not have one. the lobby was full of people queing to enter a night bar (Steam bar) which is part of the hotel. We asked about entering there and were told we could not gain access carrying our drinks. We went…",Date of stay: October 2010,1.0
4114,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4115-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Clean, convient, luxury","I stayed here on my last night in London. A great way to cap off a great vacation in the UK. Room was luxurous, comfortable, convenietly located to Paddington Station",Date of stay: August 2010,4.0
4115,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4120-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Ideally located, beautifully renovated old hotel but some reservations","This hotel is an old hotel that has been redecorated in a style of the era.  It is a different look than most Hiltons and in general was a good location and a good hotel  Price was high, very high for the last two days there.  Room was at the back, very small, damp stains on ceiling, hot water not working well and really at about a three star level. The other visits over a ten day period provided cheaper and bigger better rooms.  Two false fire alarms, one in the middle of the night did not help the mood.",Date of stay: September 2010,4.0
4116,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4120-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Very disappointed,I spent 6 nights in this hotel recently and left very disappointed. The room size was adequate but the beds were not acceptable for a hotel at this price level. The mattresses were hard and very squeaky.  The internet policy was outrageous. 15 pounds for 24 hrs of internet service in your room and 5 pounds for 30 minutes use on the hotel's computers. At a time when many hotels offer free wifi to their guests these prices were completely ridiculous. I will say the staff was very polite but I will definitely choose a different hotel on my next visit to London.,Date of stay: September 2010,2.0
4117,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4120-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Disastrous service,"I was at this hotel for a meeting. They refused to check my bags, first saying the cloak room was full, later claiming security concerns. The manager was rude and unhelpful. The service at the bar in the lobby was slow and condescending. Eg, they refuse to serve tap water. Avoid.",Date of stay: September 2010,1.0
4118,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4120-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Internet Gouging,"This hotel is adequate, and its best feature is its proximity to the Heathrow Express.  It gouges on its internet service, however, more than most hotels.  It charges 15 pounds per day -- and if you happen to travel with two computers, as I do, you pay double the price, even though you only use one computer at a time on one connection. So, a couple must pay 30 pounds a day if each person carries his/her computer. The manager, Mr. Bona, had no explanation for this except to say Hilton generates revenue from internet service.  The concierge and front desk are no more helpful or impressive than Mr. Bona.  The rooms are clean.",Date of stay: September 2010,3.0
4119,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4120-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Very handy if you're not familiar with London,"Spent 3 nights in this hotel in mid September while on holiday. Not being familiar with London I chose the Hilton London Paddington for its transport connections (as well a good travel industry room rate!) and wasn’t disappointed. The Heathrow Express runs to Paddington every 15 mins for £16.50 (one way, purchase ticket in the terminal). It’s about a 200m well signposted walk to the hotel from the station. Four of the main tube lines run through Paddington Underground station, so you can get to many places in London with minimum (if any) line changes which can save a lot of time. Do yourself a favour and buy an Oyster stored value ticket (available from the ticket booth in the station; entrance directly opposite hotel) if you’re going to use the public transport system (works on…",Date of stay: September 2010,4.0
4120,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4125-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Good location for Heathrow,"One night stay in a King Suite with terrace. Nice room but a few touches missing, like the TV remote control and curtains that didn't open properly. Reasonably priced for central London. On the 6th floor with no direct stairscase, so had to use the fire escape stairs when the unreliable lifts broke down. Staff were friendly on our arrival but less so on the Sunday moring when it was busier and more manic downstairs. We weren't offered coffee at the busy breakfast buffet, but otherwise it was reasonable enough.  Perfect for convenience to Heathrow , but average otherwise",Date of stay: September 2010,3.0
4121,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4125-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Perfect location for Heathrow transfers,"We stayed at the Hilton London Paddington for one night prior to our morning departure from Heathrow.  The location is excellent!  We were able to go out an about in London the evening before and still have the convenience of just steps to the platform for the Heathrow Express in the morning.  The service was impeccable, the room was a good size for London, the bed was quite soft by English standards and all was clean and ready for our arrival.  The crib we requested was already in the room and furnished with linens.  The hallways were a bit dowdy, but you don't really spend time there, do you?  Some are saying the hotel is pricey, but compared to other places we have stayed in London, we found it quite reasonable!  We especially appreciated the Starbucks located in the…",Date of stay: September 2010,4.0
4122,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4125-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Good location for transfer to Heathrow airport,Nice hotel. Good service. Excellent location with restaurants close by. Next to underground station and overground train station. Good bus service to oxford st. The only problem was that the internet server was down when i went there... (in-room internet is payable for the room that I booked; free in the lobby)..,Date of stay: August 2010,5.0
4123,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4125-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Location, location, location","We stayed here for three days before a cruise leaving from Dover. I was disappointed to have to stay at a chain hotel, but we earn points and so stay free at Hilton Hotels. I was surprised and pleased to see that the hotel is not the typical cookie cutter layout. The rooms (we had 2 since we were traveling with teens and there aren't rooms that sleep four) were quite different, with ours having stairs going up to a sitting area. The staff was very helpful and attentive, breakfast was delicious each day, the rooms were clean and comfortable, but the spectacular feature of the hotel is it's location above Paddington Station. Transportation around London was a matter of walking downstairs to the Tube station.  I would absolutely stay here on our next visit to London.",Date of stay: June 2010,5.0
4124,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4125-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Pleasant and clean, great location, overpriced","This will be my second stay at Hilton Paddington.  4 nights at this Hilton was pleasant, with a fairly spacious, clean room and an excellent location.  There were a few quirks, however, that would give me pause about staying again.  Electricity - whats going on here?!  Our lights would flicker on and off nightly, and we lost power completely at one time.  The worker who fixed the electric told us not to ""run too much"" at one time - but the only thing on at the time was the TV.  Noise - Our room wasn't off Praed street, but the street to the side.  It is fairly noisy all night long; but not terrible enough where you couldn't fall asleep.  All the staff were very friendly, which is what you would expect at a Hilton.   The only major problem, as I see it, is the 15pound/day…",Date of stay: September 2010,4.0
4125,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4130-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Typical Hilton and pricey,Picked it because of location.  The Heathrow express arives at Paddington Station.  2 minute walk to Kensington Gardens/Hyde Park.  Street noise was not a problem even though my room faced the main street.  Room was fine.  Reasonably good breakfast.  Given a little more time I would probably have stayed somewhere else and saved money.  Had to buy 15 minutes of internet time in order to send a single email.,Date of stay: September 2010,3.0
4126,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4130-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Good hotel, very convenient to transportation","This Hilton is very convenient to transportation. The Heathrow Express takes you directly to Paddington station and there is an entrance to the hotel directly from the station, you don't need to go outside. The room was adequate and clean. My only complaints would be that the rooms are rather overpriced given what you get.",Date of stay: August 2010,4.0
4127,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4130-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Breakfast rip-off...,"I chose this hotel solely because of its access to Paddington Station for the Heathrow Express. The rate was pretty steep,  £155/night  - and we had two rooms. Well that's London - I didn't expect a bargain. The rooms were big and pretty good, clean, comfortable and well equipped. Decent beds.  I also didn't expect to get robbed at breakfast, but I did. The breakfast buffet which was mediocre at best, is £20 PER PERSON! I have stayed at good hotels in London where a much better buffet breakfast goes for £14 and even that was hard to swallow. Still lesson learned - if there is a next time, I will go to the Starbucks or one of the places in the station itself. Never again would I pay for a full breakfast - its a scam.  The fire alarm also went off at 1am - a disembodied voice…",Date of stay: August 2010,3.0
4128,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4130-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Perfect base for London,"The hotel was a great find. It is an excellent location in London, just a short distance from Kensington and Notting Hill. The rooms were well appointed and very spacious. Check-in was quick and we elected for a smoking room after considering whether it would have a stale smell to the room, it didn't. Being so central there is a bit of noise but nothing to complain about. There were large comfortable beds and good showers. The room service options seemed a little pricey (breakfast in particular) and the heating was a little on the week side, but we are only just coming out of summer. Finally a warning !!the mini bar fridge is automatic. If you pick up a bottle to look at it you have inadvertently added it to your bill!!",Date of stay: September 2010,5.0
4129,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4130-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Excellent Location,"You just can't beat the location if you are in London on your way somewhere else - there is the easy, 15 minute express train from Heathrow and you enter the hotel from the train station. The hotel is pleasant enough and has all the business-travel-basics: spartan workout room, business center, Starbucks. It was a fairly easy walk to Kensington Gardens and a touristy neighborhood, which would be expected given the central train station there.   The room was very large, especially based on my experience of European hotels. Overall, it was an excellent option for my business trip but when I go back as a tourist I'll probably find somewhere more quaint in a more interesting neighborhood.",Date of stay: August 2010,4.0
4130,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4135-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Above average hotel in a great location,"This was an above average hotel, but this should be expected for the quite expensive room rates.  The location was excellent, right next to the Heathrow express. The subway entrance was directly across the street from the front entrance.  The room I had on the 4th floor was quite nice, and extremely quiet.  I could not hear any street noise as others have complained about.  The room was clean, the bathroom large, and it had plenty of hot water.  The breakfast was included in our room rate and was excellent as well.  My big complaint was the lack of free internet....they wanted 15 pounds a day, which is expensive for this American, who gets it  free at most hotels here. Overall, I was pleased with the hotel and would recommend to others.  Especially if you get a reasonable price!",Date of stay: August 2010,4.0
4131,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4135-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Great, convenient location",Love the location.  We landed in heathrow and took a train from paddington the next AM so it was perfect for this.  The room was clean and nice.  No view but not surprised.  It was a little on the expensive side for the quality and size of the room but London overall is a little bit pricier.  Breakfast was good.  Never went to the bar so cant comment on that. Would stay here again.,Date of stay: August 2010,4.0
4132,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4135-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great location and we loved the executive lounge,"Stay here last week for 2 nights in 2 rooms-executive level. Well worth the extra money. The executive lounge staff were charming. One of our rooms had a musky smell. The front desk moved us the next day to a better room. Explanation was that the carpets were just shampooed,I can buy that.Never went near the restaurant or lounge as our drinks were free. Also, the exec lounge had free internet and interesting people. I thought the location was great. The train station is worth exploring. We walked to Hyde Park , Marble Arch , etc. No complaints....",Date of stay: August 2010,5.0
4133,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4135-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Clean, luxurious with fantastic staff","This hotel was my life saver. After being stranded in Geneva airport with my four year old, for hours as our flight had been cancelled, we ended up getting a flight to London and then a train home the next day. My daughter and I stayed here at the last minute as it was basically IN Paddington.  We arrived late and exhausted and the check in staff were wonderful, they took our bags, up graded us to a suite, nothing was too much trouble.  The suite itself was gorgeous, spotlessly clean.  We treated ourselves to room service breakfast which was stunning.  I would like to go back for a proper stay, what a gem of a hotel with fantastic staff.",Date of stay: August 2010,5.0
4134,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4135-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Very nice hotel in a great location,"Hotel is very nice.  Clean and quiet.  It is connected to the Paddington train station and underground station, so the location is very convenient.",Date of stay: August 2010,5.0
4135,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4140-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,the world's most expensive cup of tea,"I popped into this Hilton whilst killing some time at the station to have a cup of tea.    It cost an eye popping £15 for two cups of tea!!!  More fool me for not checking the price before I ordered.  Also they put service charge on top of that.  I told the waitress I thought that the price was too much, which received this reply, *grunt*.  I really wouldn't mind paying such a price if it was a wonderful atmosphere and delightful tea - but it was just a plain restaurant with a table which wasn't wiped before we sat down, chairs which were fixed too far away so you had to lean forwards and a waitress who didn't listen to my complaint/comment about the price.  I would definitely not pop back for a cup of tea again.",Date of stay: June 2010,1.0
4136,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4140-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,direct connection to Heathrow,"I've stayed several times at the Hilton London Paddington. The hotel is a huge complex located directly at teh Paddington train station. This implies that it is as good connected as it gets, which is surely the biggest advantadge of this hotel. This is a big plus if you have an early fly departing London, since you can get the Heathrow express from the hotel's door, in a manner of speaking.  Appart from that, there's the usual Hilton treat: professional staff, clean and quiet rooms and good service. Unluckily, I find the prices usually a bit too expesive, specially if you didn't manage to book well in advance.",Date of stay: May 2009,4.0
4137,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4140-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Terrible run down hotel with a nice location,"When choosing a Hilton hotel, you expect something better than the average hotel, you also pay for this. However this hotel does in no way live up to this expectation. We arrived for check-in and that part was at least pleasant, but when we got to our room we were deeply disappointed. The room was the size of a shoebox, could only just fit a queen size bed, with our two pieces of luggage it was hard to make your way to and from the bed. The bathroom was a decent size, but the cleanliness of it was very bad, the faucet was covered in what appeared to be the remains of a water pipe burst and there was areas of calcium/mold spots on the floor. The cleanliness of the rest of the room was also very low, with the carpet having several ""interesting"" spots and the floorboards were full…",Date of stay: August 2010,2.0
4138,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4140-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Not again my friend unless we are on the upper floors,"We stayed here for one night before our departure back to the states.  Although the rooms are very nice, it is EXTREMELY NOISY AND LOUD.  I stayed awake until about four in the morning becasue they put us on the 2nd floor under the night club I guess.  We could hear screaming and noises from the street all night long.  Here is what is suggest.  If you must stay here, get a room up high away from the goings on down low and outside.  Again, the rooms are very nice and the location is incrediable, but the Wyndham Grand Chelsea Harbour is my choice.",Date of stay: August 2009,2.0
4139,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4140-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Good location, better than average rooms, but who designed the Bar?","Have stayed here several times on business trips to London.  Location is ideal if you are arriving into Heathrow as direct trains come into Paddington and hotel can be accessed from the station concourse.  Good transport links as it is on several tube lines.  Rooms tend to be much larger than a normal London hotel, partly because it is an older building.  The streets outside can be busy so if you are a light sleeper it might be worth asking for a higher floor or one of the rooms that look out over the internal spaces rather than on to the street.  Room service is nothing special and the menu is not the best.  Have only used the restaurant once for breakfast which was pretty good.  The Steam Bar which is the only proper bar within the hotel (there are tables and chairs where you…",Date of stay: July 2010,3.0
4140,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4145-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Its ok but not the best,Hotel is well located for tains into London and for Heathrow via the Express.  However the Hotel is getting a little shaaby the first room were we given had frayed dirty carpets and a bed that was rock hard.  Reception staff didnt really care but we eventually got a different room which was ok.  Not as good as other Hiltons we've stayed in around the world,Date of stay: July 2010,3.0
4141,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4145-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,absolutely recommended,Imagine walking into a hotel lobby from the Paddington station itself -that is the first advantage of this hotel. The second was a quick check in -even though we arrived at peak check in time for business crowd we as tourists were checked in very quickly.The third was the room -it is really spacious by London standards-we were amazed. The property itself has a lot of history which is explained well in the book kept in the room.The Hilton breakfast is very famous -so I will just say that everyone should experience the Hilton brakfast atleat once on their travels!!We had asked for a parcel to be dropped off and we were promptly informed abou this. One of the days when we were in London was the tube strike and the concierge at the Hotel was extremely helpful and very well prepared…,Date of stay: June 2009,5.0
4142,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4145-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Standard that would be expected of a Hilton,My husband and I travelled with American friends who had not previously been to London.  A friend booked the hotel so I cannot comment on price. It is situated right beside Paddington station so is convenient for the tube to the sights.  The foyer is large and the staff attentive. The room (on the sixth floor) was an average 'london' size comfortely furnished with a large bathroom and plenty of hot water and toiletries.  The bed was very comfortable.  There was no traffic noise from the room. Breakfast was not included and as it is pricey we chose to eat out - there are numerous cafes etc in the immediate area.,Date of stay: July 2010,4.0
4143,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4145-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Good location, good hotel but expensive""","As other reviewers have pointed out the location is great because it sits atop Paddington Station which is perfect for arrival or departure by train, especially if you're using Heathrow.  The room I was in was huge by London standards with a big, luxury bedroom.  Hotel bar seemed downright dull.    If you can afford the hotel you won't be disappointed by the rooms.    Neighborhood is nothing special, but as a traveler you'll find everything you need:  food, bars, pubs, restaurants, money exchange places and internet access.  Others on here have said it's a good base, I'd agree.   Frankly I prefer the Bayswater Hilton, Islington Hilton or Kensington Hilton, but I was staying on points and my options were limited.  Would I stay again on points?  Sure.  Would I pay for a night…",Date of stay: July 2010,4.0
4144,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4145-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,BEST BREAKFAST EVER!,"The location obviously cant be beat, since it is attached to Paddington station. There is also a bus stop steps from the hotel. Our bed was really uncomfortable but I was so tired it didnt really matter. I cannot even explain to you how good the breakfast was, I still think about it a month later! My husband and I are going back next summer, and are looking forward to staying here again specifically for the breakfast!",Date of stay: June 2010,4.0
4145,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4150-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,It's all right,"This is one of those hotels that can be labelled all right. There is nothing special about it, except for the fact that it is extremely close to the Heathrow Express. Tried both the lobby bar and the other bar at the hotel, and they were both ok.  The hotel provided only towels for one person, so we had to contact the management to give us more. The furniture (a lounge chair) in our room was so dirty that I did not want to place my clothes there, let alone sit in it.  For breakfast, we skipped the pricey version at the hotel and went just outside in the train station and tried some of the alternatives there. Much more value for money.  I have to give the hotel som nice words about the air con. It was excellent!!!!",Date of stay: July 2010,3.0
4146,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4150-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Convenient for trains to Heathrow @ western UK,"Very convenient for Paddington station and a good alternative to staying at a Heathrow hotel, which requires using the dreadful ""Hotel Hopper"" bus. It is only 15 minutes by Heathrow Express train.  Hotel is old and a littlerun down. The air conditioning was totally inadequate on a hot day (but that is par for the course in Britain). Also, the shower was alternately scalding hot and freezing cold.  Prices for everything are outrageous for what you get, including £15 for internet. On the plus side, the rooms are quite large and service was first rate. Food at breakfast buffet was okay but not outstanding.  Stay here only for the convenience; it is likely the best choice in the Paddington area.",Date of stay: June 2010,3.0
4147,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4150-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Exceeds Expectations,It is not easy for a hotel to exceed expectations on a return visit.  But Hilton Paddington managed to do so.  We used it as an overnight base after a conference in Oxford and prior to departure for the United States the next morning.  What a joyful convenience.  Off the train from Oxford and into the room without ever stepping outside of the station and in less than 5 minutes train to room.  The reverse was also true the next morning.  There's even an international airline check in kiosk at the Heathrow Express boarding area.  No wait.  Scans your passport.  Go directly to the gate in Heathrow (unless you have luggage to check.)  Sitting in the Executive Lounge you can watch the trains arriving and departing beneath you -- but honestly you don't hear a thing.  The convenience…,Date of stay: June 2010,4.0
4148,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4150-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,great,best breakfastbuffet ever seen.  rooms are nice but nothing special.,Date of stay: April 2010,5.0
4149,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4150-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,At these rates it needs to be perfect,"I went with my booking at £299 not including tax or breakfast despite already feeling it was overpriced because of shortness of time and the proximity to my meeting venue the next day.  Had I had time I would have found an alternative and will certainly do do next time.  The hotel is convenient for links throughout London.  My room was comfortable but unexceptional.  Located on the third floor over the Eastbourne Terrace road access to the station it was also noisy.  I had room service which came quickly and the food was about what you'd expect.    In summary, even in London at that price I want some simple additions e.g. an inclusive continental breakfast, a quiet room, a proper shower not over a typically narrow hotel bath, some complimentary drinking water (not £4 a bottle…",Date of stay: June 2010,3.0
4150,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4155-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great location for London sightseeing,"The proximity to the tube and trains is the best part about this hotel.  Typical, reliable Hilton service - never have had a problem with years of Hilton patronage and this hotel is no exception.  Beds were a bit firm, but we found that throughout England.",Date of stay: May 2010,5.0
4151,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4155-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Oh So Easy!,"I am a Hilton Gold HHonors member and stay in Hiltons worldwide. After arriving into Heatrhrow on a transatlantic flight all I wanted was a little shut eye. I jumped on the Heathrow Express, walked directly into the hotel, was checked in by a brilliant Natalia and all this done in less than a hour. I was slightly suprised that I didn't have Executive Lounge access as there were no executive rooms available to be upgraded to but I was assured ny Natalie that I would like my assigned room. Boy was she right. I was on the 6th floor in a huge room with beautiful fixtures and fittings. I have a disability and always request a seperate shower from bath but this was THE best accessable friendly room I have ever stayed in. Will I return, definitely.",Date of stay: June 2010,5.0
4152,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4155-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Brilliant as normal,"From the warm welcome when you arrive, the clean and comfortable room,the excellent restaurant and bar and the easy check out combined with the convenient location this hotel is number one for us yet again. Thank you.",Date of stay: June 2010,5.0
4153,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4155-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,THOROUGHLY ENJOYED MY STAY,"Just returned from the Hilton London Paddington after a weekend stay. It couldn't be more conveniently located, adjacent to the station which is very handy for getting around. We arrived at 1pm and were allowed to check in straight away.  We had booked a King Junior Suite - room 545.  It was in a great location, very quiet - no disruption from either the trains or the disco!!!  Beside the bedroom, it comprised a hallway, separate lounge and spare toilet off.  It was like our own apartment!!!  Well worth the extra money. We also had access to the Executive Lounge. Between the hours of 6pm and 8.30pm they provided canapés and alcoholic drinks, which was very much a surprise.  All help yourself, as much as you like. The only criticism I have is that on the first morning, eating at…",Date of stay: June 2010,4.0
4154,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4155-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,convenient location,"If you are coming or going from Heathrow,  this is is a wonderful place to stay.  It made our overnight in London easy and enjoyable.  We stayed twice in two different rooms.  The carpets are starting to feel a bit tired and could use replacing and perhaps more vigorous vacuum cleaning--and the second room had stairs inside of it so that the bedroom and bathroom were on a different level.  For some people,  this could be a problem. Both times we had asked to be away from the elevator and they took this request seriously--we were tucked away very far and had to go up and down several stairs to get to our room.  We had not realized that staying away from the elevator meant we would encounter stairs! If you book a rate with breakfast,  make sure you bring your paperwork.  The first…",Date of stay: May 2010,4.0
4155,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4160-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,nice but not worth for price,I had to change room because my King bed was acutally 2 twin beds combined! WTH! I was so uncomfortable I had to change rooms in middle of the nite! They also charged me for bar items that was not used so I needed to get refunded! Location is a huge upside here as you are literally walking distance to the train station in London.,Date of stay: October 2009,3.0
4156,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4160-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great location,"Stayed 2 nights early May (election time).  Check in easy.  Rooms as asked for with only 1 not ready ( checked in midday, early).  Spacious rooms, 2 on same floor. Easy transport from Heathrow. We used Connect.  Great transport into central London & even with line closures on that weekend, still found it easy. Trendy bar on site not used by 'old fogies'. Bar expensive, expected in this location. Breakfast as usual more than adequate.  Staff all very friendly & helpful.  The ash cloud gave us initial problems on leaving, but staff contacted airline direct for us.  Minor mini bar problems at check out resolved immediately with no fuss & check out a breeze. Overall, great stay.",Date of stay: May 2010,4.0
4157,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4160-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,excellent!!,"Just completed a 7-night stay ( Hilton Diamond, and 150,000 points for a complete week ) and couldn't have been happier. Very easy to get to from Heathrow, via the Heathrow Express---a little pricey, but well worth it! . Upon check-in was upgraded to an executive room with executive lounge privileges. Room was not as big as in the states, but not near as small as people make them out to be on the review sites such as this. There are about six people that man the concierge desk, but only two that are knowledgeable---look FOR MARIO--he's GREAT!!!! I am an avid Hard Rock Cafe follower, and was extremely disappointed in the ""mothership"" !!  CHEERS---have a good time...I DID  :)",Date of stay: May 2010,5.0
4158,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4160-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,better stay than usual,"I was stuck in the paddington hilton for nearly two weeks thanks to the volcano.  As much as I rip on this place (cramped, noisy) this stay wasn't too bad.  They didn't gouge me on the rate (even though many other hotels did exactly that to stuck travelers) and I had a room that faced the small internal courtyard.  It was far enough from the traffic noise that I was able to sleep with the window open.",Date of stay: April 2010,3.0
4159,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4160-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,nice hotel,"Stayed here last night and had a lovely sleep - nice comfy bed, and quiet (except for some occassional noise in the corridor).   Lovely art deco lobby and furniture in the room.  Room was a good size and had everything I needed (except sky 1, missed 24!).  Liked the coffee maker in room and ice machine nearby.",Date of stay: May 2010,4.0
4160,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4165-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Close to everything and easy to get around,the location is great. Because Paddington is across the street you can go everywhere if you don't feel like walking. otherwise you are in a busy area and lots to do. Recommend it because of the location. The hotel is average. nothing special. For the price you can get better probably but again the location makes it expensive.,Date of stay: July 2009,4.0
4161,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4165-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Convenience place,"We had reserved this hotel for our last day trip in London.  No doubt it is a very convenience place to live in especially you had lots of luggage to airport.    We had reserved a double room but we had been upgraded to a suite and served with a welcomed fruit platter.  The room are spacious but a little bit old.  However, it is quite disappointed there is no free Wi-fi provided in the hotel.     The breakfast buffet were good.",Date of stay: April 2010,3.0
4162,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4165-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Perfect Base for tourists visiting London,"It was my first trip to London and I booked this place only because it was above the Paddington Station. The location is perfect especially if its your first time to London. Take the heathrow express or connect from the airport and get off the station take an escalator and voila you are in the hotel. We landed after a 10 hr flight late evening (it was already pitch dark in december) and it was very easy. The next day we had a very early morning train to silverstone so again easy to travel when your main station is a few floors by lift. Its very well connected to both the tube and the trains so getting around london was a breeze.  Hotel itself is not bad, rooms are clean, comfortable ( a little small compared to asian rooms but adequate for london).  The staff are all sweet…",Date of stay: December 2009,4.0
4163,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4165-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Functionally smooth,"No surprises at this place - it's well kitted out, has all the comforts you'd expect from a good business hotel, is well located for early/late flights out of Heathrow, and despite being super busy all the time (lobby / cafe / restaurant especially), it's surprisingly quiet upstairs when you need to sleep.  Nice views from the rooms too.  The staff make it easy for you, which is great for a quick stopover type of hotel.",Date of stay: April 2010,4.0
4164,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4165-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Wonderful Hotel But Depends which room you get!,"The hotel itself is wonderful and location, location, location, so convienent being attatched to Paddington train station.  I would recommend for female single travelers as it is very secure returning at night to the hotel.  I stayed here on either side of a business trip, so I stayed a Sunday and Friday night.  The only problem I had with the hotel was on the Friday night stay, there was music blasting from the bar downstairs until 3am!  My room was on the 4th floor 412, so I believe this was over top the bar area.  It may have not been that bad if I had a room in a different section of the hotel.  I had earplugs in and a noise machine on and could still hear the bass from the music downstairs.  This did not happen on the Sunday night stay so I am assuming it is only on Friday…",Date of stay: March 2010,3.0
4165,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4170-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Very pleasant stay,"Nice clean room, comfy bed and good food.  Staff were very polite and helpful which made a refreshing change.    My only criticisms are that the room was too cold as the heating just blowed out cold air and the quilt on the bed was not big enough so hubby and I felt we were sharing a single quilt but I would stay there again as it was such a nice hotel.",Date of stay: April 2010,4.0
4166,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4170-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Wonderful hotel, convenient location.",We stayed here in November for my husband's 40th and it was the best hotel we have ever stopped at! There is a lift that takes you straight from the underground to the hotel lobby so you don't even need to step outside. The stop in the lift between the underground and the hotel is for the concourse of Paddington station and here there is an M&S food hall and a late opening Sainsburys where you can stock up on all the essentials very cheaply! The room was very spacious and nicely decorated and the staff were all friendly and attentive. I would go there again like a shot next time we're in London.,Date of stay: November 2009,5.0
4167,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4170-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great location and convenient for Heathrow Express,"The room at the Hilton Paddington was large and was very pretty.  The bed was a dream--like sleeping on a cloud.  The bathroom was very large.  The room was very clean as was the hotel in general.  The check in staff was very friendly, and the girl in the business center was lovely.  She was so helpful and so friendly, and she was a great addition to the hotel staff.  If you fly to Heathrow and take the Heathrow Express, the train terminates at Paddington.  The Hilton Hotel is connected to Paddington Station, so we did not have to go outside to get to the hotel.  This was a good thing, as it was raining.    The only negative about the Hotel is the price of breakfast.  The cost is 20 Pounds.  There are a lot of restaurants within walking distance, and I ate outside the hotel for…",Date of stay: March 2010,4.0
4168,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4170-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Large Room Great Location,"The best thing about the location is that you can get there in less than 45 minutes from Heathrow Clean, large room but it was large because I paid for executive room, view out window was of other rooms windows. No upgrade was offered even though I am Diamond member. For $200 I was hoping for a little more. Hallways and other commons areas are very worn and it shows. Bathroom was large and well appointed. Staff was pleasant and helpful.  Mario at the concierge desk and Kinga in the lounge stood out. And overpriced internet as well",Date of stay: April 2010,4.0
4169,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4170-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Very Good Hotel,"I like this hotel.  Location is great, right in the middle of lots of pubs and good restaurants, and Paddington Station connected to the hotel.  Very convenient to everything, including the subway system.  Did not eat or drink at the hotel, so I can't comment on that.  Service was very friendly from the staff I dealt with.  I, like other reviewers, don't like the water pressure in the shower.  It's weak.  Also, getting in and out of the tub is sporty - there is a grab bar, but it's so low it isn't of much use.  You really have to be careful, as the tub is deep and you are stepping into a slippery surface without a convenient place to hold on to.  My room is nice (twin beds connected together, which is wierd).  Very comfortable, good firm bed, large room.  Mini bar prices are…",Date of stay: March 2010,4.0
4170,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4175-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Very pleasant stay,"Nice clean room, comfy bed and good food.  Staff were very polite and helpful which made a refreshing change.    My only criticisms are that the room was too cold as the heating just blowed out cold air and the quilt on the bed was not big enough so hubby and I felt we were sharing a single quilt but I would stay there again as it was such a nice hotel.",Date of stay: April 2010,4.0
4171,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4175-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Wonderful hotel, convenient location.",We stayed here in November for my husband's 40th and it was the best hotel we have ever stopped at! There is a lift that takes you straight from the underground to the hotel lobby so you don't even need to step outside. The stop in the lift between the underground and the hotel is for the concourse of Paddington station and here there is an M&S food hall and a late opening Sainsburys where you can stock up on all the essentials very cheaply! The room was very spacious and nicely decorated and the staff were all friendly and attentive. I would go there again like a shot next time we're in London.,Date of stay: November 2009,5.0
4172,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4175-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great location and convenient for Heathrow Express,"The room at the Hilton Paddington was large and was very pretty.  The bed was a dream--like sleeping on a cloud.  The bathroom was very large.  The room was very clean as was the hotel in general.  The check in staff was very friendly, and the girl in the business center was lovely.  She was so helpful and so friendly, and she was a great addition to the hotel staff.  If you fly to Heathrow and take the Heathrow Express, the train terminates at Paddington.  The Hilton Hotel is connected to Paddington Station, so we did not have to go outside to get to the hotel.  This was a good thing, as it was raining.    The only negative about the Hotel is the price of breakfast.  The cost is 20 Pounds.  There are a lot of restaurants within walking distance, and I ate outside the hotel for…",Date of stay: March 2010,4.0
4173,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4175-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Large Room Great Location,"The best thing about the location is that you can get there in less than 45 minutes from Heathrow Clean, large room but it was large because I paid for executive room, view out window was of other rooms windows. No upgrade was offered even though I am Diamond member. For $200 I was hoping for a little more. Hallways and other commons areas are very worn and it shows. Bathroom was large and well appointed. Staff was pleasant and helpful.  Mario at the concierge desk and Kinga in the lounge stood out. And overpriced internet as well",Date of stay: April 2010,4.0
4174,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4175-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Very Good Hotel,"I like this hotel.  Location is great, right in the middle of lots of pubs and good restaurants, and Paddington Station connected to the hotel.  Very convenient to everything, including the subway system.  Did not eat or drink at the hotel, so I can't comment on that.  Service was very friendly from the staff I dealt with.  I, like other reviewers, don't like the water pressure in the shower.  It's weak.  Also, getting in and out of the tub is sporty - there is a grab bar, but it's so low it isn't of much use.  You really have to be careful, as the tub is deep and you are stepping into a slippery surface without a convenient place to hold on to.  My room is nice (twin beds connected together, which is wierd).  Very comfortable, good firm bed, large room.  Mini bar prices are…",Date of stay: March 2010,4.0
4175,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4180-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Cant keep away from the Hilton Paddington,"No matter how cheap a rate one may strike with any one of hundreds of good hotels in the greater london area, nothing beats the Hilton Paddington. Especialy after a long haul flight. Ive stayed at the Hilton Paddington more than a dozen times over the past 3 years and it has never dissapointed me.  It takes me 15-30 minutes to and from heathrow (depending if I take the Heathrow Express or connect train) and i always stock up on food and drinks from the two large supermarkets downstairs. This is essential because the immediate vicinity is not renown for its restaurants.  London hotel staff are notorious for making the guest feel like he/she is privliged to even get their attention, but not at the Hilton where there is always a down to earth business attitude which is why I keep…",Date of stay: December 2009,5.0
4176,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4180-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Good service and convenient location,This hotel is located near by Hyde Park and is within walking distance of several tube stations.  The service for me was quite excellent as I was greeted with a friendly smile at check in and the process was quite painless and quick.  The suite I stayed in was quite spacious very well maintaned and afforded a decent view.  All in all I would recommend this location as a good place to kick up your heels and relax while enjoying the sights and sounds of London.,Date of stay: February 2010,4.0
4177,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4180-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great hotel and location,"Have stayed at the Hilton Paddington numerous times for weekend stays. Each time the service was good, and we had no complaints. Received a complimentary upgrade during one stay which was very nice. The location is good as there are a few tube lines as well as overground trains from Paddington. You can walk straight into the overground rail station from the hotel. Have only stayed here because of a lastminute.com special rate, otherwise would not have been able to afford.",Date of stay: June 2008,4.0
4178,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4180-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Fantastic service and welcoming to children,"Being a busy mum with two small children I don't often take the time out to review city hotels. However, I really feel that the service was so excellent here that it needs to be said.   Firstly, I travelled with my mother, son aged 3 years and baby aged 10months. As we are all used to bunking in I booked a double room with a rollaway bed. We arrived in to London early so i phoned ahead to the hotel and asked was there any possibility of the room being ready early. They said it would be ready by 1pm but that we could drop our bags in with the concierge. We arrived, dropped the bags off and went to the restaurant for a quick lunch. The clientelle of the restaurant at this time was mostly business and there were a few business meetings going on. You don't 'see' a lot of children…",Date of stay: January 2010,5.0
4179,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4180-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Surprisingly Good!,"Got a couple of rooms under the January Sale 2010 for Fri 05 Feb and they were superb value for money.  If i was paying ""normal"" price I would have rated Value as 2.  Rooms were a queen hilton suite and a king executive room, both of which were spacious and well appointed.  Touches included extra toiletry types, bathrobes and slippers.  TV's were nice and large LCD's, furniture was seriously fine quality.  The check-in and other staff were friendly and extended our little party every courtesy, including complementary late checkout (it was a weekend) and a room upgrade from basic room) due to HHonors Gold VIP Card.  Service is of high quality here, not sure of Hotel Star rating but it seemed like 5-star all the way.  Although the Executive Lounge was closed during the late…",Date of stay: February 2010,5.0
4180,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4185-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Good hotel,"Booked through lastminute.com and got a good rate.  This was our 3rd stay at the hotel. Arrived for checkin at 3pm but the front desk was full with groups checking in.  We were told we could checkin the executive lounge.  We were quickly checked in, from reading previous reviews I made sure to ask for a quiet room on a high floor.  We had a room overlooking paddington station on the top floor.  Room was nicely decorated , flat screen tv, nice bathroom and extremely comfortable bed.  I had to ask for foam pillows due to my allergies and 2 pillows were quickly sent up.  If you need water e.t.c there is a sansburys and a M&S in paddington station to get snacks e.t.c    Minibar prices are expensive. We didnt have breakfast included so cant comment on it.  I think the room they…",Date of stay: February 2010,4.0
4181,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4185-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Take a club room:,"This Hilton has all the usual amenities of Hiltons worldwide. So no surprises there. What makes this one special: if you fly in by Heathrow it is an extremely straightforward and fast connection with the Heathrow express. Realy within 20 minutes from airport to check-inn by the back entrance, located in Paddington trainstation. And when you exit  trough the front office straight across  the street there's Paddington Underground station.  If you book a club room you can enjoy the great service they offer in the Club lounge overlooking Paddinton station. The only way to escape the ever busy lobby and other public areas of this hotel, where there allways will be numerous conventions and business meetings taking place. But the Club lounge is a very nice exception to that. (Club)…",Date of stay: October 2009,4.0
4182,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4185-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Good location, average hotel","As many other reviewers have said, this hotel is right at the Paddington station with an enclosed walkway which makes it really easy to get to from the station without braving the elements.  The hotel itself is nothing to write home about.    It feels fairly dated.  The rooms are alright but not up to the standards that one would expect from a Hilton property.  I stayed here for a couple of nights in Jan 2010 but didn't really enjoy my stay.  I may decide to give this property another shot the next time I find myself in London, but that's only because staying here makes it really easy to get to the airport.",Date of stay: January 2010,3.0
4183,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4185-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Nice Hotel Great location Good quality room service,"Hilton London Paddington 20th December 2009  We arrived at the hotel at around 3pm and went straight to the check-in. We had booked the room using our Hilton Honors points. At check-in, we were offered an ""Enhance your stay"" upgrade to a junior suite for £30. We thought this was reasonable and we accepted. We were given our keys to a junior suite on the 6th floor. The junior suite was great with a rooftop balcony, great in the summer, and a beautiully decorrated room with electronic controls on the lights and curtains etc. The only problem was the roof light blinds, these were designed  in such a way that light was flodding into the room and we like a dark room. We went back to reception and helpfully, Rita checked with housekeeping and found an alternative junior suite without…",Date of stay: December 2009,4.0
4184,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4185-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Surprising suite!,"The king suites - Hilton Paddington has 2 of them , located in the 2 towers of the old building were a very surprising experience for me. LOcated on 3 floors: entrance, large room divided by a plasma screen into a sleeping area and a relaxing zone and a very cosy livingroom under the roof of the tower. Very well equiped bathroom, including a LCD tv in the tube and a lavishing, private sun terrace with wodden floor! Well it was true that the Jan sale rate was half of the usual internat rate, so particularly if you find such rate I fully recommend the 'towers' :-)",Date of stay: March 2009,4.0
4185,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4190-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great hotel - great location,"We stayed here for a weekend in late August, and got a very good online deal for this hotel. The rooms were quite well sized, particularly for a London hotel, and the coffee and tea making facilities were very good. The room was nice and clean, and the queen bed was comfortable. Our room was facing the Paddington train station, but it was surprisingly quiet, and we heard no noice from the station below. Service was generally good and efficient.  Location was excellent. There were buses to directly towards Camden and Oxford street virtually right outside the door, and the tube station entrance was just outside the hotel. There were also quite a few nice restaurants in the surrounding area.",Date of stay: August 2009,4.0
4186,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4190-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Reservation Hotline useless - but nice stay in the hotel - great alternative to LHR,"The reservation experience was horrible as they routed my call to some central hotline in the US. First of all, they tried to upsell me with some pushy American sales talk and then I went through the nighmare of spelling all of my details. I needed to do this because I wanted to book our corporate that in the end the call centre agend could not even find. Last but not least, they apparently have a new reservation system that does not have my country of residence (Qatar). So in the end I had to the reservation with my private address in Germany.  My recommendation: Do absolutely call during UK business hours so that you can talk to the local reservation department at the hotel. The stay was pleasant the check-in was efficient. I really like the location because Heathrow Express…",Date of stay: December 2009,4.0
4187,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4190-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Cancellation Charges,We booked a night accommodation at the Hilton Paddington Hotel for one night through booking.com on a special rate. Due to adverse weather conditions we have had to cancel. The booking was on a full payment if cancelled because of the deal but when I phoned re conditions outwith our control I was told that no refund would be given but I could have altered the booking to another night if done within the next 30 days...........meaning that we would have to go to London for a night so we didn't lose our payment! Under normal circumstances this would have been acceptable but this is not currently the case and the Hotel still have the oportunity of selling the room as well as gaining our payment..................................shame on you Hilton I thought you were better than this.…,Date of stay: January 2010,1.0
4188,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4190-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Nothing great but suited my needs...,I booked this on lastminute.com as a secret hotel for £75 - it's not worth paying any more for and for the standard room rate you would be able to find something nice! Service wasn't particularly friendly although the location was excellent. I caught the Paddington Express to Heathrow and the train was literally a 2 minute walk from the hotel.   The reception seemed constantly full of tour groups who filled up most of the spacious lobby...so there never seemed to any spare seats.   The room I thought was slightly disappointing - we stayed during a time of snow in London and the room was freeezing!!!! There was no heater - i put the fan on to the lowest setting on the highest temperature but it was just cold air. The bathroom also lacked a heater and was also freezing. The bed…,Date of stay: January 2010,3.0
4189,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4190-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Great hotel,excellent location","Stayed in Hilton Paddington for the new year's eve for six days and really made our vacation enjoyable.The location is excellent.The bus stop and subway is just opposite the hotel and the railway station behind it.It's very easy to go wherever you want in London.The hotel and the rooms were clean in an art deco style.We didn't have dinner or drinks in the hotel but  as i saw the prices were a little overpriced.That is not a problem,there are many shops and restaurants nearby in reasonable prices.Overall,we enjoy our stay in the hotel and definetly going to stay there again.",Date of stay: December 2009,4.0
4190,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4195-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Served its purpose!,"My husband and I stayed here for the night on 29th December as we were in London celebrating our wedding anniversary.  We chose it as an 'easy option' knowing the Hilton chain are generally ok and with the hotel being in Paddington station it was easy to get to for us.  I had notified them in advance that it was our wedding anniversary and they upgraded our room and gave us a complimentary bottle of wine, which was a nice touch!  We also arrived 2 hours before check in time and our room was ready which was good.  The room was fine, good size, large bathroom, flat screen tv, mini bar (with extortionate prices!), proper coffee maker, iron and ironing board .... my only complaint was that the bed was quite hard so I didn't sleep very well!    Breakfast was included in our booking…",Date of stay: December 2009,4.0
4191,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4195-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great place to stay if you are travelling out of Paddington,"Great if you are catching a train from Paddington to the West Country.  Service on arrival was excellent.  Room nicely decorated & comfortable.  Real coffee, with perculator,  in the rooms which was a bonus.",Date of stay: December 2009,4.0
4192,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4195-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Er.......,"Er....what can I say. Big Hilton Hotel. Moderately expensive. Big Hilton rooms on Big Hilton corridors with big Hilton beds and exorbitantly priced Hilton mini-bar/in room films/food etc. Hey, its a business hotel, fine if you want to stay in Paddington (not style central) and its on an expense account. There's nothing really wrong with it if the Hilton thing is your thing but there are so many nicer, funkier, better located hotels in London. Come on, use some imagination!!! Although, if you like big railway stations......",Date of stay: December 2009,3.0
4193,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4195-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,terrible service and arrogant staff and misleading signs,"Recently went into the Hilton at paddington during Happy Hour and experienced a very unhappy time, The notice by the door offered a two drinks for one deal but on going to the nearest visible bar we were charged full price anf told that the offer was only availiable at the hotels other bar ( not signposted ) To add insult to injury I was presented with my lager in a pub sleever type of glass with no service, coaster or complimentary nuts and charged £5 .80 (two halves of lager). I asked to see the manager and was told that this was the standard that was normal in a Hilton hotel. I did not feel able to drink the drink as I felt the manager had been very arrogant in the way he handled the situation. I asked for my money back and was refused - I was told that as they would not be…",Date of stay: December 2009,1.0
4194,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4195-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Not the usual hilton standard,"The hotel itself is attached to Paddington Station so is easy to connect with public transport.   Room looked recently refurbished and was very comfortable.   The service is somewhat lacking, we had a couple of issues and neither the reception, duty manager or general manager seem particularly bothered, they were very defensive and not bothered if you stayed again or not.   The bar seems to close about midnight, but they do have a later bar, it seemed to be a disco with all the seats reserved, a very odd arrangement.   Breakfast was up to the usual Hilton standard, but again staff not particularly attentive.   All in all very disappointing, there are much better Hiltons in London for about the same price.",Date of stay: December 2009,3.0
4195,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4200-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,nice stay,"Booked a junior suite as had traveled with friends for 8 days and wanted a room to myself at the end....didn't work out that way, but that's another story.  Friends agreed the rate on the suite was ok, but a bit high for the area.  If a suite is booked, there is access to the executive lounge.  The lounge is not in the basement, but on the ground flood overlooking Paddington station.  It's pretty cool.  There is a typical hot and cold buffet breakfast in the morning.  Evening snacks and alcoholic drinks are available in the evening.  There isn't a lot of room to sit and it gets pretty packed during the breakfast and evening buffets.  The staff were pretty quick to clean and pick up plates.  There is one computer in the lounge that has adequate internet access.    The gym is a…",Date of stay: December 2009,4.0
4196,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4200-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Not My Idea Of A Hotel For A Special Stay!,"This hotel is located right at Paddington station which makes it an excellent place for people who want to travel around the city. You can take the tube / train very easily as very accessible.One can also travel very easily to Heathrow airport, with a choice of either taking the tube or taking the Heathrow Express. The hotel is very old fashioned. It has a very outdated gym. I dint even feel like working out in the gym on seeing it. The Executive Lounge located in the basement level is a very dingy lounge, most times I went to the lounge there was no staff available. I would personally not stay here again if I want to make my stay special. If I was on travel & had to spend most of my time at work, location wise I would consider the hotel as being right in the station it saves…",Date of stay: January 2009,2.0
4197,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4200-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Really nice,"We stayed at this hotel for a romantic shoppping get away. Flying in to Heathrow, the Express landed right on the door step of the hotel and shopping excursions and visits to the theatres was really easy and convenient. Nice staff - breakfast could have been better!",Date of stay: September 2009,4.0
4198,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4200-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Fantastic location for business travellers & luxury rooms (just don't eat or drink there or it'll blow the budget!),"Got an amazing deal via a 'top secret hotels' offer - only stayed one night on business though but I couldn't fault anything. The hotel sits directly above Paddington train station so perfect for me arriving from Gloucester. Friendly & efficient reception staff, quick check-in and check-out, luxury room with all the mod cons, clean & well equipped bathroom and very comfy bed with beautiful linen.  Only downside would be the cost of the food & drink - don't even think of ploughing into the mini-bar or ordering room service unless either your company's paying for it or money is no object. Instead, nip downstairs to M&S or Sainsbury and bring a bag of food & drink back to your room - a quarter of the price!",Date of stay: November 2009,4.0
4199,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4200-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Central Location -- I would stay here again,"I was attending a conference at the Royal Lancaster Hotel about a block and a half away.  At my colleague's recommendation, I stayed for 3 nights at Hilton Paddington.  This hotel is co-located in the Paddington train station.  This is super convenient if you happen to come into town late night.  Take the Heathrow Express and there you are at the hotel -- you never even have to leave the train station.  The day I arrived, it was raining like cats and dogs so I appreciated not having to trek around London looking my hotel.    Once I got into my hotel room, I had no complaints.  I arrived in the morning and had to wait good 2 hours before my room was ready.  That was quite inconvenient as I was hoping to freshen up before a lunch date.  The hotel has a very nice bar called Steam…",Date of stay: September 2009,4.0
4200,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4205-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Did just what it said on the tin... and then a little bit more!,"I took my wife here for one night in November via a last minute deal and we were more than happy with what we got.  The double room we were given was thoroughly clean, well-apportioned & provided a good night's sleep (all we wanted it for!).  Coming from Oxford, the hotel was 15 minutes walk from Marble Arch which leads onto Oxford Street down to Picadilly, etc.  Had we paid the full-wack, listed price we would have been disappointed however: location, location, location more than made up for this.  I was dumb enough to forget our camera when we checked out.  We were due to go to Barcelona for 3 nights less than a week later.  Dipash from housekeeping was great.  Credit card details, address & it was received the following day with NO added costs on top of the Post Office…",Date of stay: November 2009,4.0
4201,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4205-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,No recommendation for Hilton,We had booked an executive room for 3 nights Friday - Monday and were given a room facing the interior yard of the hotel which we found nice until we realized that the room was next to an engine room - it was hardly possible to sleep since the hum of the machines was coming through the walls. We had booked a special rate and did not expect the best room in this category but clearly one should be able to sleep without disturbance by noise that is coming from a ventilation system. The bathroom needed renovation and was not 100% clean but was spacious.   We asked for another room the next morning and were told to pack our luggage and Hilton staff would move our belongings to the newly assigned room while we were out. When we returned in the afternoon our luggage was still in the…,Date of stay: November 2009,2.0
4202,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4205-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Good to stay at if you aren't looking for the hotel to give you an 'experience',"A good choice of hotel if you want somewhere convenient to stay in Paddington, it is only a few steps away from Paddington tube/rail station.  Hotel experience was average, staff fumbled through check in and mood was generally impersonal but who needs that.   As a base for exploring London, Paddington is a very convenient tube station well connected to the important lines.  Room was spacious given it was in London, the decor dated and the room smelt of cigarette even though it was supposed to be non smoking.  Internet access was expensive, but internet cafes dot the surrounding streets.  Overall, good to stay in if you arent looking for the hotel to give you an experience.",Date of stay: November 2009,4.0
4203,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4205-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Good location, wonderful staff","Good location and a wonderful staff.  The room I had was actually larger than those found in other hotels in the area, and was very well appointed.",Date of stay: November 2009,4.0
4204,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4205-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Nice Hotel but not exceptional,"This hotel is in a fantastic location right next to Paddington station  / Heathrow Express. The staff were for the most part friendly and helpful.  The rooms are large, spacious and extremely clean.  The breakfast in the Executive Lounge was superb and the hotel's location so close to Oxford/Regent Street was ideal.  On the down-side - the shower was dreadful - one minute lukewarm then 2 seconds later (when you're under it) literally scalding hot.  On the Saturday night as I was preparing to go out there was no hot water and when I called reception I was rudely told there were no technicans available and the earlier it could be addressed was Sunday morning which I found really unacceptable. With the prices per room I would expect any big problems like no hot water to be…",Date of stay: October 2009,3.0
4205,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4210-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Good location, very nice hotel.","The hotels location is very convenient, opposite the tube station, two mintue walk from the train station. We stayed here for two nights and could not fault a thing. The rooms were a nice size, the bed was comfortable, the lobby area was nice. Hotel room service and restaurants were good. All of the hotel staff were pleasant. A little bit expensive but I think it is worth it.",Date of stay: October 2009,5.0
4206,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4210-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Excellent location, great rooms, great service! Will be back very soon with friends and family!!","We went for a few days away last minute and had a great time staying at this hotel. Fantastic location - we travelled by train to marylebone, which is just two stops away from paddington tube station. We were really pleased to see the hotel right opposite the tube station!! We were welcomed to the hotel by a cheerful doorman. We couldn't check in until an hours time (we were quite early) so went for lunch. About 40 mins later a guy who was working in the lobby area checked us in as he saw us waiting around. We were so pleased with the room, it was a great size, loads of space. It was clean and smelt nice. Everything looked quite new. When we looked out of the window we saw the people in the office just next door - this was a really quiet room which is just what we were hoping…",Date of stay: October 2009,5.0
4207,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4210-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Central London 15 minutes from Heathrow!,"Ok, this hotel has had some mixed reviews but I am a very picky Hilton Diamond Member and I picked this hotel because it sits over Pddington Station home of the Heathrow Express train.  30 minutes from the customs hall in terminal 1 to the hotel.  The hotel itself is kind of hard to describe.  It is an old hotel that Hilton bought and did not put much money into.   The staff is very friendly, the rooms are clean, and the location great.   There are many markets in the station and in the surrounding neighborhood where you can get very good priced food.  There are a few tube lines underneath so you can get around London.   All in all if you are looking for a good base hotel this is it.   I would not pay to much for it however, I was able to get a Visa 25% off deal for about…",Date of stay: October 2009,4.0
4208,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4210-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,very convinient location,"My room on the 3rd floor was spacious, clean. Lighting was good, both in room and bathroom. Room was a little worn, as some of the wallpaper had marks or was peeling off. The matrasse was not the newest either, fairly cheap quality. In the bathroom the tub was a little mildewy though and smelled -even the next day- of chlorid cleaner. (So is was probably clean, I did not have somebody making up my room due to the Do not Disturb Sign at the door.) The shower curtain was missing the interior part. Spacious bathroom with plenty of space to place bathroom amenities. The room windows open a little, so you do not have to rely on AC, which was working very well (it was set for cooling, which I did not need). The roomwalls were not too thick, I was lucky that my neighbor did not turn on…",Date of stay: October 2009,4.0
4209,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4210-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Okey.,"It was a okey stay. Since it is a Hilton-hotel I was expecting a bit more than I got. Breakfast okey, room okey, but everytime small things was broken. Like the flush in toilet and AC.",Date of stay: September 2009,3.0
4210,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4215-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great hotel with perfect location,"I stayed in this hotel in October for meetings in London and Thames Valley area. The location is fabulous, it took me 40 minutes from my seat in the plane to reception of the hotel by using the Heathrow Express - everything went so smoothly!! The location of the hotel is perfect, just accross the platform and with easy walking access to major sites of London including Oxford Street.  Rooms are spacious, very good housekeeping, beds comfortable. The breakfast restaurant offers wide variety of meals and drinks, staff friendly and attentive to details. Reception staff helpful too.  You may find many cheaper options in London, but if you look for good quality hotel with easy access to LHR and good location, Hilton Paddington ticks all the boxes.",Date of stay: October 2009,5.0
4211,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4215-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Convenient location, terrible stay",Had to listen to a LOUD party to late night hours - couldn't relax or do work. Reception and guest relations desk was VERY UNHELPFUL,Date of stay: October 2009,3.0
4212,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4215-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,£4.50 for a SMALL bottle of WATER!!!,"I paid £185 for a double room which was just OK, certainly not worth £185. Breakfast would have been another £22 if I chose to eat there. I went to Marks and Spencers 1 minute walk away and bought a lovely breakfast for less than £5. If you fancy a drink from the minibar, STOP!!! you will be charged £4.50 for a small bottle of mineral water £5!!!! how criminal is that? Suggest pop to Sainsburys 1 mins walk away and buy one for less than £0.50p. No wonder Paris can afford to buy her undies from Chanel.",Date of stay: October 2009,3.0
4213,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4215-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Unique Hilton,"Historic, busy hotel, very handy if you're catching the Heathrow Express train. The West End is a bit further afieId. I recall visiting friends staying at the hotel BEFORE it became a Hilton - what an improvement.   The bedroom I had was pretty small and pokey & whilst the bedroom was forgettable, the Executive lounge, although a bit small too, was the opposite. Great views, elegant and classy, lovely breakfast, good service too.",Date of stay: August 2009,3.0
4214,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4215-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Great Hotel, but too expensive!","The Hilton London Paddington hotel is extremely convenient to Heathrow Airport and to the underground as it is located above the Paddington tube stop.  As you exit the tube station towards the Paddington Rail Station look to the left (across from the ticket machines) for the lift which will take you up two levels to the rear entrance to the hotel.  How convenient!    The Heathrow Express train platform is literally steps from the rear exit to the hotel.  Great for getting to/from Heathrow.  We stayed in a King Executive Room which was very spacious - the room could of had two king beds in it with space to spare.  The bathroom was very spacious with both a bathtub and a seperate shower.  The bed was very firm, but comfortable.  The hotel was very quiet and the window covering…",Date of stay: September 2009,5.0
4215,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4220-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Impressive Hotel,This is an impressive hotel in a great location.   No problems with the room and the breakfast is very good - something for everyone.  Three months after staying there I realised I'd left a pair of shoes - and I've just retrieved them from left property - not bad eh!,Date of stay: June 2009,4.0
4216,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4220-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,I stayed in a filthy room at the Hilton Paddington,"I had the misfortune to stay in this hotel in 2008. I can honestly say that this is one of the dirtiest 4 star hotels that I have stayed in for a long time. The room that I stayed in was carpeted, and the dirt was visible in the carpet which hadn't been cleaned since it was laid. While taking a shower I tried not to touch the tiles and the shower curtain. I stayed at this hotel when it was first refurbished. All I can say is that it has fallen a long way since it was refurbished, and do not recommend a stay here. The hotels in London tend to be dirty because they do not train their staff, but this one was worse in that respect than others. Others claim that they found the hotel clean. Perhaps they have rooms that meet acceptable standards, but I didn't stay in one. The room…",Date of stay: August 2008,1.0
4217,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4220-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Excellent stay for a family,"Our family of 4 (two teen kids) stayed at the hotel in a deluxe Queen Suite for 2 nights. Location is just incredibly convenient. We took Heathrow Express train from Heathrow airport and just walked into the hotel lobby within minutes of leaving train platform. It was early morning so our room was not ready, however hotel staff asked us to wait in the Executive Lounge. They had very good breakfast served in the lounge and we could see the entire Paddington station from large windows. Very nice place to relax.   Room was ready by 11 AM. Excellent room, very clean througout. Staff was very courteous and willing to help us in any way possible, including local directions, names of restaurants, other tips etc. London Underground Tube is right below the hotel, so the location cannot…",Date of stay: August 2009,5.0
4218,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4220-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Clean and Luxurious, but Somewhat Dysfunctional","No one can say that the Hilton isn't clean, pretty, well positioned, or quiet.  It is all of these, but it did have very poor water pressure due to a problematic shower hose which only worked when contorted oddly.  Also, even when the climate control is set to cool and the fan on high, the room remains extremely ""stuffy.""  By that I mean that the air feels humid and stale, as did the entire floor.  We only stayed for one brief night to be close to Paddington Station (it is connected to Paddington Station), which you can't reach internally in the early morning hours unfortunately.  A reasonable value in London.",Date of stay: September 2009,3.0
4219,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4220-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Hotel with lots of conveniences, great for sightseeing!","Husband and I stayed here on a trip from the States to see the usual tourist sights.  Having been to London before, I know that getting around can be a chore - buses and taxis are available, but some parts of town are really choked with traffic, so it's a good idea to book rail and Tube transit if available.  Some of the lines are better than others in terms of connections, etc., so it pays to do your research.  As others have noted adequately, this hotel simply could not be easier to reach from Heathrow and I'd be amazed if there are any options even close to it, for ease of traveling into town.  We were in our room within an hour of having cleared security, and this was even having stopped for refreshments, bags managed, etc.  Like many Hilton guests, I booked the room using…",Date of stay: September 2009,4.0
4220,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4225-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Worth paying a little extra to stay here,"I spent a week in London, and stayed in two budget hotels.  They had no aircon, disinterested staff and bad locations.  How different to this Hilton.  The room was comparatively luxurious, with very nice aircon, mini-bar, ok bathroom (with over-bath shower), and a decent selection of TV channels, which is often over-looked!  My only complaint during my stay was relating to the TV as, when I was watching a channel, a Sky Satellite receiver put itself ""to sleep"" - when I called and tried to speak to maintenance I was lied to by their staff and said it was something I'd done.  Even though I explained this was impossible as each room doesn't have a separate Sky box!  I then had to speak to a manager and someone went to restart the Sky receiver.  I stayed here on a Hilton Hhonors…",Date of stay: August 2009,4.0
4221,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4225-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Mediocre facilities and service, excellent location","Seven nights on business.  Proximity to trains from Heathrow and the Tube is excellent.  The staff have been polite but not particularly competent.  The room has been at the very low end in its price category--broken bathroom fixtures that have gone unrepaired, staccato bursts of scalding water in the shower, very unreliable internet connectivity (with unhelpful technical support), air conditioning that appears to be disconnected from the thermostat, etc.  It is clean and quiet.",Date of stay: September 2009,3.0
4222,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4225-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Outdated hotel, but great location","Weekend stopover stay. The only discomfort was that the hotel has seen better times. Room (at least mine) was small and outdated. Not even net curtains, so if the night curtains are open (and you usually want it that way during daytime) you're all exposed... Expensive internet, but nice pool and small but adequate gym. Breakfast impressed me as well did the location, right next to Edgeware Rd Tube station and a few minutes walk from Paddington Station were the Heatrow Express operates from.",Date of stay: September 2009,3.0
4223,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4225-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Very Convenient Location, Great Breakfast, Large Room","My husband and I spent 2 nights here while on our honeymoon and really enjoyed both the hotel and the location.  We flew into Heathrow and took the express train directly into Paddington Station which was extremely easy as the hotel directly adjoins the station.  We got there early (maybe 10am), but they allowed us to check-in right then which was very convenient.  Also, as my husband is a Hilton Gold member, they upgraded us to deluxe room which was a very nice size (we had a table with 4 chairs and a nice amount of space).  The bathroom was also a very nice size (especially by London's standards).  They also added their very delicious breakfast with complements to our reservation (I don't know how often they do this, he travels with Hilton a lot for work, so that probably had…",Date of stay: August 2009,5.0
4224,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4225-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,All in all a very nice stay,"We booked the hotel via lastminute.com (same day as arrival in the late afternoon) and got a very good rate. The room was ready and clean when we arrived and was very comfortable, well equipped and had a good size. Staff was helpful and friendly. There are (night)shops, restaurants, pubs all around and the hotel is just opposite Paddington station, so the location suited us perfectly. All in all we had a really good time in the Hilton Paddington Hotel and I would definitely come here again for my next stay in London.",Date of stay: August 2009,4.0
4225,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4230-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,A bit rough around the edges for a 4 star,The service was fine as well as the location a few minutes walk from the station. Our room was very small and in need of some repair. All in all an okay choice...but not great!,Date of stay: April 2008,3.0
4226,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4230-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Friendly hotel & thoroughly enjoyable experience,"My wife and I came up to London last weekend for our son's wedding and we found the whole experience of staying at this hotel really enjoyable.  The location is great adjoining Paddington station and, because part of the Bakerloo Line was closed due to engineering works during our stay, we found it easy to walk 6-7 minutes to Lancaster Gate on the Central Line.  The hotel is extremely well appointed and comfortable with really good size rooms which you don't always find in London and every amenity you could wish for both in bedroom and bathroom. Also, although we were facing on to Praed Street, the double glazing cut out all street noise and air conditioning was perfect. The public areas were bright and clean and there were nice touches of modern combined with traditional…",Date of stay: August 2009,5.0
4227,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4230-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great Location,"Great older hotel that is literally attached to the train station and across the street from the Tube.  We had to change airports in London, so we made a weekend out of it (36 hours), and a reasonably early departure so we wanted to be right next to the station (the Heathrow Express goes out of Paddington).  The concierge breakfast lounge actually looks out on the train station, which is actually really cool.",Date of stay: July 2009,4.0
4228,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4230-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Well Taken Care Of,"My family of four recently spent three nights at this hotel.  When we checked in at noon, our room was not ready but we were given a temporary room that we could rest in because we were exhausted.  When we returned to check in to the room we had booked, Rakesh (sp?) suggested a room that he thought would be more appropriate and took us to see both.  He was right and we were very happy in our new room.  He seemed surprised at our gratitude and told us he was only doing his job.  We found the hotel very comfortable and had no problems with air conditioning, etc.  We did experience some noise at night from outside the hotel but it was not enough to affect our stay.  We also enjoyed the executive lounge very much.  It was great to be able to get breakfast quickly in the morning and…",Date of stay: August 2009,5.0
4229,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4230-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Unexciting,"I stayed here because of its proximity to Paddington Station since I entered London by train to Paddington & I was leaving London on the Heathrow Express from Paddington. A hotel can't be any more convenient to a transportation center than this hotel. I can't think of any other reason I would stay there. The room was spacious & clean but it had one relatively small window looking into other walls and as a result, it felt dark, even on a sunny day. The hotel felt lacking in personality. I waited at the Concierge desk for over 15 minutes to ask for a restaurant recommendation. The doorman took pity on us & offered to help. He sent us to a place that other doormen might like, but it wasn't what we were looking for. I did enjoy its proximity to Hyde Park for a morning walk. Unless…",Date of stay: August 2009,3.0
4230,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4235-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,*** Dont stay here ***,"7 nights stay, Holiday,  Air Conditioning Does'nt Work Properly in room, Corridores HOT, HOT, HOT Staff Polite, just SLOW, dont get back to you,  Concierge said be at heathrow 1 hour before flight to depart international, WHAT THE ? imagine if we had listened to that, Breakfast smorgasboard the SAME every day, no changes. ( They FRY eggs in 1 inch of fat, WHAT THE ??? ) Location Excellent - But Thats All, No ventilation in the bathroom, so enjoy soggy toiletries and moist conditions, HOUSEKEEPING - Daily the very best we have had. In a nut shell, gets uncomforatable due to lack of fresh air / air conditioning, gets frustraiting when staff dont get back to you, the same breakfast daily when you are there for 7 days is horrible, and concierge don't know where or what is going on.…",Date of stay: August 2009,1.0
4231,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4235-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Airport and direct express to bed,"After a long flight and large que at immigration, there is no better option then boarding the heathrow direct ( cheaper then express ) and taking the quickest journey to the city, stopping at the only real stop ( no tired confusion ) Paddington station. Taking your luggage for less then 300 yards to the elevator and walking into the lobby of the Hilton Paddington. Where you will be relieved of your luggage and expeditiously given a key to a room with a bed and shower.  AHHHHHHH trust me it couldn't be easier. The hotel has a great deal of history and aside fro the carpets and wear and tear on furniture it didn't show it. The beds were okay and the hotel is what you expect from Hilton. Clean well appointed and good tv channels including kids channel and business channel.…",Date of stay: July 2009,4.0
4232,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4235-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,great hotel with a great location,"I chose this hotel because of the location and easy access to Heathrow.  The room was gorgeous, spacious and with all conveniences except the internet.  This would  be my first choice if you know you are going to Heathrow.",Date of stay: August 2009,5.0
4233,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4235-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great Service,I dropped in on my way home in the north and was plesently surprised by the value for money this hotel offered. The service was great and the beds comfortable. I will be back,Date of stay: January 2009,4.0
4234,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4235-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Excellent value for what we paid, but keep your eyes open!","We got 2 rooms at a ""2 for 1"" deal at 100 GBP each. The rooms are not large, but very comfortable and very clean. The breakfast downstairs is outstanding, everything you dream of. This hotel is all about location!! We flew in to London at a late evening cheapest flight from Dublin, so it was just awesome to get into the Heathrow Express, get out after 15 minutes, then just walk into the lobby and then into the room. After 3 days, just the reverse on the way home. No taxi, no hassle no tagging along luggage (there is a free luggage chart on the train ramp).  Unfortunately, there is no express check-in. We waited long in line at 11 PM. Only one receptionist worked, while 2 others make themselves busy with some damned paperwork staring blankly to us, the customers from time to…",Date of stay: July 2009,5.0
4235,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4240-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,impressive hotel in fab location!,Stayed for 2 nights in room 529 on  2 nights for the price of 1 deal.  Executive lounge looks over the sation so great place to people watch.  Took breakfast in the lounge on the 2nd morning rather than the restaurant.  Waitress there was 'Steffanie' and she was so pleasant to everyone and nothing was too much trouble.  You could have poached eggs there or whatever you wanted as if it was in the main restaurant.  Didnt go to the casino or the night club below but the opportunity was there if you wanted to go. DONT HAVE PRINGLES FROM THE MINIBAR UNLESS YOUR PREPARD TO PAY £4.49 FOR A SMALL TIN!! And there was a dirty tray outside our door for most of the duration of our stay.  Overall a very good hotel though.,Date of stay: August 2009,4.0
4236,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4240-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Good location and Good Value,"Stayed for 1 night in August, great location with 2 tube stations located directly outside and Paddington mainline station accessible from the hotel, so you are 5-10 minutes from central London. Very clean rooms, ample size for the price but breakfast is a bit pricey but there are plenty of other options in the station. Parking is available onsite for £20-30 a night.",Date of stay: August 2009,4.0
4237,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4240-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Superbly convenient, although pricey","Recently took a trip with my wife and 2-yr-old son.  PROS ===== Transportation convenience cannot be beat.  The hotel is directly connected to the Paddington station (both train and underground).  It's 15 minutes between Heathrow and Paddington on the Heathrow Express, every 15 minutes.  The Bakerloo, Circle, Hammersmith & City, and District lines all stop at Paddington.  You can walk from the hotel to the tube/trains without going outside.  Just a great convenience.  Because the hotel is connected to Paddington Station, the station amenities are great, especially if you're traveling with children.  Most importantly, there is a pharmacy and two grocery stores (one open from 6am to midnight), which was great -- we made a couple of emergency late evening runs to get supplies…",Date of stay: July 2009,5.0
4238,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4240-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Not good,"Stayed here for 2 nights in King Junior Suite in july 09, breakfast included. Got a good deal but still it's not worth the money. And it's a shame that internet isn't included in the price in this kind of room. Have stayed at Hilton Paddington before, in a much cheaper room (deluxe I think) and that is more value than this suite. I would have booked deluxe room again if I knew that King Suite is not actually so much different than deluxe room (only a little bigger). And it's higher ceiling in the deluxe room!  I would prefer a sofa in a suite, this had only 2 chairs. The bed could have been better too. Pillows were to hard and big for my taste. The bathroom was small and I could hear the neighbour very good. It was windows in the ceiling with electric sunshade! (why?). And only…",Date of stay: July 2009,1.0
4239,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4240-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Great Hotel, Great Location - for West London or Heathrow","The Hilton Paddington is very definitely one of the best Hiltons in the UK and one of the best hotels in London.  It is a hotel that I regularly use both for a base in West London and also as an overnight stay when I am flying from Heathrow.  With the Heathrow Express, I prefer this hotel when I am flying out of Heathrow to the Hilton Heathrow; the Heathrow property only really works if you are flying out of T4 in any case – pity that HEx is so expensive – I don’t know how they justify the fares – but that’s BAA/First Group not Hilton! Check-in/out is always friendly and efficient.  If you arrive early or depart late the friendly concierge staff have an efficient system for luggage storage. The rooms are large and spacious and the art décor fixtures and fittings are a period…",Date of stay: July 2009,5.0
4240,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4245-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Very Convenient and Comfortable Hotel,"The rooms were very comfortable and large by London standards. Bathrooms also had plenty of room. The hotel is extremely convenient for a short quick stay if you are taking the Heathrow Express, literally in the station. Our son had a broken ankle, crutches and a walking cast so it was perfect for us. The only complaints were the beds had hard, thin spring mattresses that seemed like they were left over from WWII and the internet costs about $25 for 24 hours.",Date of stay: July 2009,4.0
4241,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4245-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Fantastic but pricey,Exactly what you'd expect from a Hiton Hotel. Great for a base because of the fantastic location (inside Paddington Station).  The purpose of the trip was a romantic break and the break was amazing - the Hotel certiainly had high standards. We booked on a bed and breakfast basis but thought it was well worth paying the extra £6 for breakfast in bed!,Date of stay: January 2008,5.0
4242,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4245-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Excellent Location , just attached to the Paddington Station",The location of this hotel is the best asset of the hotel. It is just attached to the Paddington Train Station. If you do business in London and have an early flight out of Heathrow then this is the place to stay. It takes you only approx 15 minutes from your room ot the Heathrow Express train.  The hotel could really use some fresh-up. Service is ok but not really great. Rooms are average (London) size. Great restaurants and bars around the hotel.,Date of stay: February 2009,3.0
4243,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4245-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great when travelling via Heathrow,Very busy hotel. Breakfast adequate and friendly staff. Concierge a bit grumpy! Close to Hyde Park and in walking distance to Oxford Street. Would be better if internet was free.,Date of stay: June 2009,3.0
4244,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4245-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Very nice hotel, especially convinient if you're travelling to/from LHR","Got a great deal at this hotel - $87 USD on Priceline, booked same day, for two nights.   Was quite pleased to have won this one.  The hotel is a fairly grand old railway hotel that was fully renovated into a Hilton a few years ago.   It is connected directly into Paddington station, and has indoor access to a food court, Boots pharmacy, Marks & Spencer, and Sainsbury grocery store.   Just about all you could need (especially travelling with kids).  The rooms are great - high ceilings, quiet, and our room had a great view right into the railway station.  My nephew loved this feature!  Room was a good size for London, with one big double bed, and room for a rollaway (which housekeeping brought up fairly quickly).  Beds were typical Hilton comfortable beds, and the bathrooms were…",Date of stay: July 2009,4.0
4245,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4250-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Ok hotel, nothing special, not quite the value for price, good location","The rooms at this hotel are quire large. Well, at least the one I stayed on. I don't think the hotel was the right value for the price. The staff was in my opinnion a bit cocky but I guess that is just typical of London. The location of this hotel is very excellent. Just next to the Paddington station with excellent connections to airport (something like 20 minutes in train) and the tube.",Date of stay: August 2008,3.0
4246,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4250-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great location and very comfortable!,"I stayed here with my boyfriend for one night at the beginning of July as we had came down to watch Blur at Hyde Park followed by a bit of sightseeing the next day.  It was a perfect location within 5 minutes walk of Hyde Park and it was also right next to the tube station and train station so great for if you are going to be travelling around London.  We got a bargain when booking the hotel and only paid £69 for the both of us as we booked this as a top secret hotel on last minute.com so we definitely got excellent value!  The room was immaculate when we went in and contrary to other comments, the air conditioning worked perfectly - it was one of the hottest days of the year when we were in London but the air conditioning was nice and cool.  We had room only so I can't comment…",Date of stay: July 2009,5.0
4247,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4250-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Not bad at all,"My partner and I stayed here for two nights at the end of June 2009. We were a little doubtful about the location as though it was conveniently situated right off the platform of the station we were worried it might be noisy. The room was on floor two and was lovely. It was extremely spacious and spotlessly clean. It looked out over the side of the hotel and was absolutely silent. We couldn't hear a thing and had two lovely comfortable nights sleep. The breakfasts were great and the service good.  There was just one downside, we refused an early morning call as we were keen to get some good rest. We were woken at 5.30am by an early morning call and then two further calls. I eventually phoned reception to cancel the repeats. When retiring to our room on the second night I asked…",Date of stay: June 2009,4.0
4248,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4250-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Not that great,"Carpets smell musty, no air conditioning, beds are sacked out worn, sink was clogged, no makeup mirror, no vanity mirror for drying or fixing hair",Date of stay: June 2009,2.0
4249,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4250-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great hotel but not cool,"Fantastic location. Hop on the Heathrow Express train and in less than half an hour you're in the hotel!  Friendly, helpful staff. Rooms are well-equipped and comfortable. Only one warning, and it applies to only a few days a year in London; it can be VERY hot on warm days. Whilst the rooms appear to have A/C, in fact they don't cool down. Weather prediction for today is 30 and luckily I'm checking out this morning. Finally, a irritation found in most upper-end hotels. Outrageously priced internet service, with the daily rate about THIRTY times more expensive than faster service I get at home.",Date of stay: June 2009,4.0
4250,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4255-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,great stay,"really pleased with our stay at this hotel-staff very polite-great service,room and location-would definitely stay again especially at the price we paid the breakfast buffet is also excellent",Date of stay: June 2009,5.0
4251,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4255-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Location Location,"The standard of moderate business hotels in London is so poor that it's tempting to rave about this hotel.  However, it's winning virtues are really only that it is attached to  Paddington station and its basic rooms are huge by London standards.  It has a good restaurant as well.  The bad news is that it is a bit tired and perpetully crowded.   Long waits for lifts, check-in, conceirge assistance and the odd crazy person being shooed along remind you that you are virtually inside a major railways station.  Despite the madness, the staff are great and highly efficient, as has been noted by others.   My room was amazingly quiet, but it was in an odd little dead end corridor overlooking your standard dirty London courtyard and felt a million miles from the station.   Pack some…",Date of stay: June 2009,4.0
4252,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4255-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,The Best Hilton Hotel in London !,"I have stayed at many London Hotels, and most Hilton Hotels in London, this is without doubt the best Hilton Hotel in London! Hilton Group should ensure that all their staff visit this hotel and then set a training programme based upon the excellent and unpretentious services levels which the Hilton London Paddington brilliant affords its guests. The location of  the hotel is most convenient, it is located directly in London Paddington Railway Station, the station has the London Underground Bakerloo Line, Hammersmith & City Line and Cirlce lines directly under the station, these lines give easy access to any point in London. Paddington Station also has a direct train line to London Heathrow Airport, this service is called the Heathrow Express and operates every 15 minutes to and…",Date of stay: June 2009,5.0
4253,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4255-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Best Hilton Service ever,"As a Hilton Diamond VIP member, I wish that Hilton would run every one of its employees through this hotel for training!   They were fantastic.    I was in a standard room which was huge, as was the bathroom.   My only issue was that the HVAC was still in ""heat mode"" and I was trying to cool the room.  When I called the next morning after a hot night, maintenance was up to the room ""lickety split"" and had it switched over to ""A/C mode"".   After that, I could have frozen ice cubes in that room if I wanted.  I did come in one night and the maid had switched off the A/C (not sure why) so I requested a fan.   The next day when the front desk manager saw me walking across the lobby to return the fan, he was right on my heels making sure everything in my room was OK.    I explained…",Date of stay: May 2009,5.0
4254,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4255-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,AVOID the 1st Floor at all costs,"I have stayed in this hotel on a number of previous occasions because its location is terrific if you are coming from Heathrow Airport. However I had not realised that I was simply lucky on previous occasions to have escaped the horror which is the first floor accommodation. The windows are not double glazed and front onto a busy street. From approximately 4.30 a.m. there was a unbearable noise from deliveries (bottles rattling etc.), noise of bin removal and revving buses. I contacted reception and they could not have been more unfazed by my complaints. I think genuinely that it is outrageous to charge for overnight accommodation in circumstances where it is impossible to sleep. Very very very disappointed and not a little angry.",Date of stay: April 2009,2.0
4255,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4260-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great time at the Hilton Paddington,"We booked a weekend away and paid for the Hilton with Tesco vouchers.  It would have been expensive had we not used the vouchers.  The room we booked was Executive however we emailed, prior to arrival, to ask if there was any chance of an upgrade as we were celebrating our 18th wedding anniversary.  They upgraded us to a Queen Suite, which had a separate room with a sofa bed for our 16yr old son.  Ideal for us.  Our bed was huge and extremely comfy.   The Executive lounge (which you can go into if staying in an Executive room or above) - we highly recommend, overlooking the commuters at Paddington Station - is a great place to have a complementary drink, or 2, after sight-seeing all day.  Alcohol hours are between 6pm and 8.30pm and are accompanied by some hot and cold nibbles.…",Date of stay: June 2009,5.0
4256,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4260-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Perfect location. Perfect service.,"It's perfect if you fly to Heathrow and then get the Heathrow Express. There's a direct access from Paddington Station to the Hotel. Unfortunately we flew to Gatwick, but Paddington undergraund is in the Circle Line, wich takes you to Victoria Station in less than 15 minutes.  Hotel services are excellent, as also the room. Beware of the automatic minibar, which charges automatically every item you touch. There should be no problem as there are lots of signs explaining this in the outer side of the minibar and also inside the door.  Concierge service makes you enjoy the full days if you check-in early the first day and don't leave the city until late on the last day.",Date of stay: June 2009,5.0
4257,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4260-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Convenience and luxury,"I had a reasonable idea of what to expect from this hotel having stayed at other 4-star properties in London, but this was by far the best one yet - plush public areas, friendly and courteous staff, and somewhat unusually for London, surprisingly large rooms!  Mine was a standard double, but had every luxury I needed - flat-screen TV, full en-suite, mini-bar, music system, minibar, ironing board/iron, tea/coffee making facilities (including a coffee percolator!) and air-conditioning.  Don't be put off by the fact that it is actually part of the station building - I never once thought that I was anywhere other than in a luxury hotel, and ended up having a thoroughly enjoyable stay - I'd have no hesitation in returning again.  Tip - if you go room-only and need breakfast, a good…",Date of stay: May 2009,5.0
4258,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4260-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,very convenient.,"A good, international-standard business hotel.  No problems, no complaints.  Very good buffet in the Executive Lounge for both breakfast and evening cocktails.  But the main selling point is that it is only an escalator ride away from the Heathrow trains, which could be worth the earth to a jet-lagged traveler.",Date of stay: May 2009,4.0
4259,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4260-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Warning don't book a queen suite!,"My wife and I stayed here for two nights in May 2009. We chose the hotel due to it's location as we had an early morning flight to catch upon our departure. This hotel's only saving grace is the location. They know that they can treat customers like dirt tonight and still get bookings next week. My guess is that business travelers may come back because of the proximity to the airport train but that leisure guests do not return.   We had booked a King Junior Suite. Our flight arrived late on a Friday night. When we checked in we were told, with much fanfare, that we had been upgraded to a Queen Hilton Suite. This was a nice touch and we were off to what seemed to be a solid start!   When we arrived in the room it was small, very hot, and had an odd layout. The living room was a…",Date of stay: May 2009,3.0
4260,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4265-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Sensational, just cool the room down a bit.","Everything was sensational here, staff great, breakfast fantastic, super location only negative the room was stuffy and despite the engineers looking at the a/c it still didnt cool the room down.",Date of stay: May 2009,5.0
4261,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4265-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Spacious rooms, incredible location, terrific staff...","I stayed in this hotel in mid-May 2009. If you are flying to London, you can reach the hotel via the Heathrow Express very easily. The train stops at Paddington Station which, as the hotel name implies, is the location of this Hilton. In fact, you can gain access to the lobby directly from the train station. We took a side trip to Bath. The train to that town also departs from the same station. Going anywhere in London is a snap since the famed London subway (""The Underground"") is also entered from the same place. Now, onto the hotel... I've stayed in many London hotels, but this one takes the cake from roominess and cleanliness perspectives. I stayed in a double and both beds fit nicely with plenty of room to spare. The only negative comment I can add is that they still charge…",Date of stay: May 2009,5.0
4262,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4265-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Best Hilton I've stayed at,"Perfect location for a solo woman traveler - connected to Paddington Station. I took the Heathrow express train which took 15 minutes, walked to the escalator and I was there. Lots of food and beverage choices at the Station and the hotel restaurant was good too. Free breakfast every morning! I took the Tube or bus everywhere - both just steps from this hotel. I would definitely return.  My room was large, very clean and had all the amenities including a soaking tub!",Date of stay: May 2009,5.0
4263,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4265-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Comfortable & convenient,"I was most impressed with the convenience of this hotel.  Arriving on the Heathrow Express, I did not need to leave the station and was able to take a lift directly to the Hotel without having to lift my heavy suitcase once. They kindly gave me a quiet room off the main corridor probably because my booking was for 7 nights.  The room was very large, bed extremely comfortable, large fluffy towels and Crabtree & Evelyn products.  Perhaps having to step into a deep bath to take a shower was the only downside.  My rate included an excellent breakfast and it was possible to buy a voucher for dinner at reception which reduced the cost of the three course meal by 5 pounds.  All in all - a first class experience.",Date of stay: May 2009,4.0
4264,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4265-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Good for business meetings,"We were put up in Hilton for 2 nights as we were on business trip. I felt the padington one was not upto the usual hilton standards. Although the best part of the hotel was the closeness to paddington tube station. Paddington being one of the prime tube stations, the loaction is definitely an advantage, however the quality of service can be improved.",Date of stay: December 2007,3.0
4265,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4270-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great location with wonderful service,"We booked this hotel back in January when they had their ""January Sale"".  Room was 75 pounds per night, including breakfast (so our total in USD, including tax, was $250 for two nights).  I arrived to Heathrow and took the Heathrow Connect (DO NOT take 'Express', as connect takes just about ten minutes longer and is 6 pounds less!) to Paddington.  Walked into the station, took the elevator up to the hotel level, and walked right into the hotel.  I had requested early check-in, but since I arrived at 7am, I expected nothing.  The guy at the front desk was SO NICE and really went out of his way to get me into a room ASAP.  The hotel was packed with tourists, and while I waited, I got a sandwich and coffee from the Starbucks and just enjoyed people watching.  I actually fell asleep…",Date of stay: April 2009,5.0
4266,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4270-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great value for Money....,"I was stay on Hilton Paddington on October 2008. There was a fam trip for travel agencies. The location of hotel was great. Few steps 10 minutes walk from oxford street. the only bad thing was that to find our room we need a map. There are so many room. So many halls. You will really need a map. But at all was a great hotel. Very Clean. The stuff so helpfully. I lost my room card up to four times, and the stuff so kindly gives me again and again the new room card with a smile in their face. One of the greatest trips that i made in London",Date of stay: October 2008,4.0
4267,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4270-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Extremely convenience,"I recently stayed at the Hilton Paddington with my daughter for seven nights.  The convenience from Heathrow was fantastic.  You get your luggage & head down the tunnel to the elevator to the train platform, board & it's takes exactly 15 minutes to get to Paddington Station & the hotel is right there.     As for the hotel itself, we had a king executive room which was fantastic for breakfast with many options & the evening nibbles was also great with wines & other cocktails.  I would definitely get the executive option.     The room was large & looks like all the pictures the other people have posted.  We had a regular king room but it was great with the extra work area to store our luggage & an extra chest of drawers in there.  It was strange that they put the hair dryer in the…",None,4.0
4268,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4270-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Wouldn't recommend Hilton,"I already had stayed at the Hilton & didn't want to change the booking at the last moment, however to my dismay this hotel though located startegically was worst than the previous hotel. The service was appalling & the hotel unfriendly. Wouldn't recommend anyone.",Date of stay: January 2009,1.0
4269,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4270-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Perfection,"This hotel has absolutely everything you could possibly need for an extended trip to London. Shopping, transportation, dining and a place to lay your head after walking 10-12 hours a day. Located directly above both a train station and a tube station makes it a snap to get anywhere in the city you want to go. During part of our journey, the Circle Line was closed and the District Line was crippled, so we benefited from being directly above the Bakerloo line as well. We were able to jump on the Bakerloo to get anywhere in London quickly. On the days where all of the lines were operational, we really enjoyed the Circle line as an option.  There are dozens of options for food and for shopping all within a 5 minute walk. There are streets lined with shops directly outside of the…",Date of stay: April 2009,5.0
4270,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4275-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Loved the Paddington,"The location is the USP of this hotel in my opinion. Just next to the tube, also with the Heathrow Express running from behind the hotel, getting into Heathrow is a piece of cake - just about 30 mns from the hotel",Date of stay: February 2006,5.0
4271,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4275-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Right at the Paddington station,"Have stayed here several times and had several different type of room. Some are nicer than others. The pictures shown here are probably from the smallest one with the worst view. However, all rooms are clean, standard large city Hilton rooms. The hotel itself is not spectacular, neither are the rooms. But the popularity is because of the location. Right at the Paddington station. You basically walk from your room and lobby straight to the Heathrow express and step into the 15 minutes Heathrow Express train to Heathrow. Considering the fact that iti s not always easy to get a cab in downtown London, this hotel is a very good option (in case you dont want to stay at an airport hotel overnight).   The lobby is somewhat disturbing as it seems people not being in the hotel use this…",Date of stay: September 2008,4.0
4272,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4275-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great alternative to Heathrow Hotels,"With Heathrow hotels generally not being directly at the airport we decided to stay here the night before a flight out. Benefiting from being right at the station just half an hour by train to the airport this is much more convenient that having to get the dreadful ""Heathrow Hoppa"" shuttle to an airport hotel.  And London is literally on your doorstep!  We'd flown into Gatwick so a bit of a pain to get to Paddington - train to Victoria, then tube - but right by tube station so check in was quick and easy, used Hilton points so cost not an issue - but see on the internet rooms are about £100. Upgraded to a ""delux"" room - these however are not delux as in extra freebies or a bathrobe - just a bigger room - nice though.  Long long corridor to room that was generally well presented…",Date of stay: March 2009,4.0
4273,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4275-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Perfect from start to finish,"I stayed in this hotel in march with my partner and daughter aged nearly two. This review will be long.   Location: Loved this, off the connect / express from heathrow and you dont even have to leave paddington station, theres a lift inside.   Staff: From start to finish they were great, very professional and fast, nothing was too much trouble.   Room : We booked a junior suite because of the baby and got a great room, with a balcony overlooking the city on the 6th floor. Never heard a bit of traffic. Bathroom was lovely, Very nice toiletries in it, seperate shower and shower / bath which was great. bathrobe and slippers soft and fluffy, big big bed and loads of room and furniture on the balcony. The travel cot was set up when we got to the room with a lovely comfy quilt inside…",Date of stay: March 2009,5.0
4274,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4275-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Enjoyed it,"We stayed at the Paddington Hilton recently. We had booked two double Executive rooms; one for my husband and me, the other for my son ( a surprise birthday treat for him) and his wife. This Hilton is perfectly located for public transport, eg the tube station is just across the road. However, not everything is 4-sar :the carpets need renewing in the corridors, the hot water isnt always on tap. There was no hot water for the young couple on the first morning because "" the people in the suite next door must have used it all"". Then, even their morning tea was ruined by a milk carton 8 months out of date. Not very satisfactory! But at least the manager, Rakesh Singh, took our complaints seriously and we were treated with courtesy and consideration. We will diefinitely stay again.…",Date of stay: March 2009,4.0
4275,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4280-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Excellent location next to Tube Station,Lovely room and service was excellent. The only problem with being so central was the noise of traffic throughout the night. We were on the 6th floor at the side of the hotel.  The windows were wooden sash and not sufficient to keep the noise out of the constant traffic of taxis driving up to Paddington.,Date of stay: March 2009,4.0
4276,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4280-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Wonderful,"Nice, although breakfast was not included for $360 a night; absurd.  This hotel is very nice and the location is to die for. You literally walk of the Heathrow Express and within 5 minutes you’re nearly done checking in at the front desk of the hotel. There are many pubs nearby and Hyde Park / Kensington Gardens are a short walk away. This is really the gateway to some of the most famous parts of the city. I stopped here for the night before continuing on a flight the following afternoon. I was able to get quite a few drinks and some fish and chips in before I had to leave.   I love London; it's one of the most beautiful cities I have ever been to!",Date of stay: September 2008,5.0
4277,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4280-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Fantastic hotel,"My partner and I spent the night here in an executive room and we where most impressed with everything that the Room had to offer. From a fast and efficent check in to a spacious and luxerious room with a decent sized bathroom and shower there was nothing that we could pick fault with. And as for the size of the bed well it was massive.  The only real problem we had during the stayt was when we tried to order room service and the phones wouldnt work as the computer that controlled them was been rebooted (in the hiltons defence it was 2.30am) and we had to go down to reception to organise some food but even then the service was fantastic as we where given a free pot of coffee and did not have to pay any surcharge for room service due to our having been ""inconvienced""  Breakfast…",Date of stay: March 2009,5.0
4278,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4280-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Lots of elbow room,"At the end of January 2009, my wife and I embarked on a European tour, where we visited London, Athens, Rome, Venice, Vienna, Paris, Amsterdam, Oslo, and then we popped back to London. We chose all of our hotels based on reviews that we read on this website, so it is our duty to come online and at least write a short review. Tripadvisor was a Godsend, and we swear by it now.  The Hilton Paddington gets full marks for location. It is in the centre of London, but London is a big place, so using public transport is a necessity. The hotel is directly opposite the Tube station (Metro/Subway/Underground) for a few of the lines, and directly next to another station for the some other lines, so in terms of using the underground trains, have no fear about a long walk. Moreover, the hotel…",Date of stay: January 2009,5.0
4279,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4280-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Cool Old Hotel converted to Hip London Location,"I really liked this hotel, first the location was just right for me.. I got off the Heathrow express at Paddington Station and there it was the Hilton door right inside the station. Walked in check in Got upgraded to a Suite on the top floor with a balcony over looking the city of London. Room was very nice and very new. clean and open. Internet was out of my price range. The bathroom had both a shower and a tub. The staff was helpful and nice. The executive lounge over looks the action in Paddington station, people watching at its best.. and WOW it is a show. The lounge had finger foods hot and cold, a big open bar, and soft drinks. Very open room with lots of space, free internet access in the lounge. In London having free food and drinks was helpful. The location is good for…",Date of stay: January 2009,5.0
4280,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4285-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,A Very Pleasant Stay,"This was my first stay at the Hiton Paddington.  I must say I was pleasantly surprised.  I got into the hotel at 9AM and was allowed to quickly check-in, I thought for sure I would have to wait because of the early time.  Check-in was speedy, and the check-in agent was very polite and knowledgeable.  I thought I had booked a deluxe room but it turned out I had booked into a basic (?) queen room, but the agent upgraded me to the deluxe for free.  The room was very clean, the bathroom was spotless.  The only thing I thought was a bit too much was the 2.50 minimum charge for phone calls, even local numbers.  The internet was speedy, but at 15.00/day is far overpriced.  All-in-all a great stay at a very convenient location.",Date of stay: March 2009,4.0
4281,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4285-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,a bit of a joke,"I honestly believe that my stay in this hotel must have been some kind bad dream.   On arrival we were told that our room is not ready yet and were asked to wait in the lounge. We were refused to be served in the bar as we were not checked in yet, so had to wait to rinse my dry throat after the journey for another half an hour.  This pleasant moments of contemplation of the Hotel's interior were interrupted by loud conversation of the bouncers from the Hotel's Casino which was held in my native language and was obviously comming from the gutter. Enough to say that I haven's heard so many F words even in Gordon Ramsay's shows. Clearily those Bouncers never considered there may be their fellow natives staying in the hotel.      When we finally got the key card and went to our room…",Date of stay: February 2008,1.0
4282,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4285-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Another happy visit,"Friendly, warm, clean, with a great breakfast and perfectly located for my business needs.     I just wish it was normally within my travel allowance .   Just one tiny, tiny gripe - the booking form did ask for my time of arrival but rooms were not yet ready for those arriving on the Welsh train but were for the Heathrow Express passengers.  Although they stored my luggage I was unable to freshen up before myfirst meeting.",Date of stay: March 2009,5.0
4283,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4285-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Great location, well appointed hotel","Hotel is certainly up to the usual standard for Hilton, and the location inside Paddington Station (it used to be the Great Western Railway's hotel) is terrific - don't worry, you can't hear any noise from the trains. but some of the rooms have a great view of the ""train shed"".  If you can get it for around £100 a night including breakfast then you will be very satisfied.  Breakfast is good, although it can be busy!  Did not try the Executive lounge, so can't tell you whether it is worth paying the extra for access.  Non residents are allowed in for £20, so I suppose you could do it that way if it's not already included in your room rate.",Date of stay: February 2009,5.0
4284,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4285-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"A Nice Room, Ideally Located","We had one night to spend before our return to the USA from a 5 night England vacation. I chose this hotel for the price they offered, which was considerably less than their usual rate. It's a hotel frequented by business travellers mostly, due to its proximity to central London and easy access to Heathrow airport.  We didn't expect the rooms to be that nice but they were. The hotel rooms were larger than your average London room and it had the usual amenities you would expect from a Hilton. Our room included a continental breakfast but the crowds and lines to get into it told us to go elsewhere. The hotel is connected to Paddington station and it contains a number of cafes. If you need access to London Underground, you couldn't do much better.",Date of stay: February 2009,4.0
4285,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4290-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Nicely Serves the Purpose,"I was pleasantly surprised and pleased with the hotel.  We spent our first night in London there, as the easiest  place to land after a flight from the States and a  quick connect into London on the Heathrow Express.   We got a terrific rate on the Hilton website that included an ""executive room"" and breakfast.  Both bedroom and bath were large and clean, beds were just fine and the staff  were pleasant and helpful.  We got up in the morning, had a quick breakfast (we just ate the continental in the executive lounge),  took a bus to see Lady Diana's dresses at Kensington Palace, and got back in time to check out  by noon.  There is a tube station across the street.",Date of stay: January 2009,4.0
4286,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4290-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Pleasantly surprised!!,"This was a very pleasant surprise as I'm usually VERY pessimistic with the standard of Hilton Hotels in the UK. However I couldn't resist the 50% off special offer and the EXTREMELY convenient location of actually being part of Paddington Station.  Anyway we stayed here for 2 nights with breakfast included. Check in was quick and efficient. Staff polite.  Now the room... I couldn't believe my eyes. It was absolutely MASSIVE for london standards! Clean... fine the TV was a bit small but at least it was plasma and had a few decent channels! Bed was definitely a double (unlike some hotels that give you ""large singles""), and comfortable.  Bathroom was marble floored (nice) and the shower was adequately powerful, although my only complaint with the room was the presence of a musky…",Date of stay: February 2009,4.0
4287,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4290-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great hotel with excellent location,"Stayed here for one night as part of a trip to London to see the ""Strictly Come Dancing"" show at the O2.    The twin room was large, very clean and beautifully decorated.  The beds were extremely comfortable, the small sitting area was wlecome, the bathroom was large and airy with Crabtree & Evelyn toiletries.  Everything was spot-on.  And, best of all, the room and bathroom were so clean!  For the first time in ages, my mother even felt no compulsion to wear her bedroom slippers because the carpet was clean and warm and there was no need to unpack the slippers!  The breakfast was plentiful and very tasty.  No problems with any of it being cold, as mentioned by an earlier reviewer.  Staff were friendly, helpful and very efficient.",Date of stay: February 2009,5.0
4288,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4290-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Guess these other people stayed somewhere else!  I liked it...,"As everyone has pointed out, being at Paddington has some distinct advantages - getting to and from Heathrow is a snap.  By the way, taking Heathrow Connect for under 7UKL is a much better deal than the over-priced, and to my experience somewhat  unreliable Heathrow Express - if you have an extra 10 to 20 minutes to spare.   There is direct access from the station to the hotel except after midnight.  Reception at the Paddington Hilton was fine and friendly, and as a Hilton HHonors participant, I got an oversized king room that was more than comfortable.  At 129 UKL for a room with breakfast for 2, I considered this room to be a bargain for London.   Breakfast was spectacular - much better than in typical business class hotels.  (Try the Rosti Potatoes!)  Despite bad winter…",Date of stay: February 2008,4.0
4289,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4290-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Nice Room but Exorbitant Internet Fees,"I stayed here for one night in January 2009. The check in process was quick and the staff was friendly. My room was large and well appointed. The bathroom was also nice. The room had a flat screen TV and everything you would need while vacationing. I had a fifty dollar coupon from Expedia, so my room came to a whopping 55 dollars with a full English breakfast. The previous reviewer must have visited the wrong restaurant because everyone was more than friendly. I read my paper had a nice breakfast and had my juice glass filled often. No issues. My only major complaint was that they charge about 15 pounds-about 22 dollars today- for internet access. A perfect way to drive away business. If you're on vacation and needing information from the internet look elsewhere for a room.  I…",Date of stay: January 2009,3.0
4290,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4295-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Pure Business Hotel Only,"I had some reservations about staying in Paddington as it is an area that has eluded the gentrification of other areas north of Hyde Park.  However as my flight arrived late in the evening and the thought of just walking from Paddington station to the hotel seemed attractive - and yes you can simply walk from the train to the lobby of the hotel.  However, my reservation for 5 nights was soon reduced to one night once the full delights of this hotel became apparant!  Check in was clumsy and the lobby was filled with persons lingering - some en-route to the casino in the basement, others merely lingering!  There was no offer from the idle porters to take the bags and the lifts to the rooms were painfully slow.  Exiting the lift one is met with stained/torn carpets and an ice…",Date of stay: January 2009,2.0
4291,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4295-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Great place to stay, convenient and friendly","Stayed here for a London break with my four year old son as I wanted the convenience of being right next to the train and tube with no extra walking.  The location could not have been better for this purpose.  Got a great sale rate which meant could treat us to a suite, which had loads of space, huge tvs and meant we had access to the executive lounge with its lovely buffet breakfast.  Could also check luggage in early and collect after check out when getting on train to go home so no dragging luggage around town or paying the hefty cost or the hassle of the Paddington left luggage area.  I reckon I also saved myself a fair bit on taxis because there was no additional walking because of its location.  You can get a tube to pretty much everywhere you can think of from here.  The…",Date of stay: January 2009,5.0
4292,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4295-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Well suited for its purpose,"We stay at this hotel when we are traveling stateside its perfect being just at the end of the HEX, we commute from up north in to Heathrow Airport get the HEX to the hotel and next morning get back on it for our long haul.    The hotel is very station like because thats what it was built for when it was The Great Western Hotel built specifically for the new age of steam travel, if you look closely there are some fabulous  remnants of art deco and Austrian crystal.  The staff are polite yet businesslike so not over chatty.  We booked a club junior suite and we loved it, very modern and clean with a fantastic decked balcony overlooking the city. we had dinner there.  The hotel is and was never intended for a sightseeing holiday its a business/commuter stay, if you want a fabulous…",Date of stay: December 2008,4.0
4293,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4295-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"drab, impersonal and expensive","We stayed at the Paddington Hilton for 2 nights in November, when we visited London to see a show and a play. We were not upgraded or part of the Hilton Honours scheme, so we did not benefit from the lounges with free drinks, which seems to have prompted most of the positive commments on this site. Drinks in the bar are very expensive and they automatically add a service charge, even when you have to get the drinks from the bar yourself! Whilst we were there the steam bar was closed on both evenings for private parties so the only place to get a drink was in the characterless lobby. There is a piano in the bar but it was not used whilst we were there. We did not find anywhere else locally to get a drink after the theatre and the prices in the bar meant the long evenings we…",Date of stay: November 2008,2.0
4294,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4295-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Well worth the little extra!!,"I stayed here with my mother and aunt. We booked in last minute after arriving at a disgusting little hotel down the road and realizing we couldn't stay there. The hotel staff were friendly an helpfull and always eager. Had a lovely stay. Can't recomend it enough!! Located right next to the tube and train station, taxis on call 24/7. 10 mins from london oxford street!",Date of stay: January 2009,5.0
4295,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4300-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,No Surprise and Fabulous AirCon,"I had to spend a night in London for a return flight to the US the following morning.  After a ""plane, train, and automobile"" kind of travel day to reach London I decided one night in town in a full service hotel with air con was my choice.  I selected the Hilton Paddington based on proximity to the Heathrow Express/{Paddington Station and an internet rate deal.  And since London was experiencing a heat wave I was glad I'd considered air conditioning.   The hotel was exactly what I expected and fit the bill perfectly.   Comfortable, nicely appointed room. Plenty of places to grab a bite in the attached station and neighborhood; I was able to do some walking around and shopping before I lost my oomph and took a nice bath in Crabtree and Evelyn's LaSource (my favorite) and caught…",Date of stay: July 2008,4.0
4296,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4300-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great hotel in a superb location,"We have stayed in a few Hilton hotels over the years and this one lived up to the expectation.   The hotel was in a great location to access the Tube and also Paddington Station (its right beside it) - handy if you have a flight to Heathrow since this is where you catch the Heathrow Express. Also there are numerous cafe's and shops in the station if you need to pick up a sandwich or coffee.  We were upgraded to a deluxe room upon check in since we are Hilton Honours Gold Card customers. The room (511) was very big, with a huge bed, flat screen tv, mini-bar and tea/coffee making facilities. It was clean, tidy and not at all dated or worn. Our rate didn't have breakfast included so we just went to the nearby Starbucks in the station.   The hotel is very much for business…",Date of stay: December 2008,4.0
4297,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4300-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,A typical business hotel,"A typical business hotel for the growing business area around Paddington. Easy and fast to reach to/from Heathrow with the Heathrow Express. Size of standard rooms varies greatly. Can be a nice and spacy room and on the next stay a rather small one. Always clean and tidy rooms. As for all London hotels, pricing is extremely high.",Date of stay: October 2008,3.0
4298,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4300-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Great location, rooms spacious and comfortable, Executive Lounge is fantastic!","I loved the Hilton Paddington.  We got in late to London, took the Heathrow Express to Paddington Station and did not even have to walk outside to get to the Hilton.  Great:  The rooms were spacious, had comfortable linens and a really cozy feel to them.  The entire hotel is just beautiful and exactly what we were looking for.  We are diamond members so the we were able to utilize the Executive Lounge which was a lot of fun since it sits over the train station.  We had a veiw of everyone coming and going with a great selection of food and spirits.  The hotel is so central it was perfect.  It was a 10 pound taxi to the Buckingham Palace and everything else was pretty accessible by walking, the hop on/hop off bus or by quick taxi or tube.  The Hop on/Hop off is literally right…",Date of stay: October 2008,4.0
4299,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4300-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,A Good Experience Overall,"We checked in to the Hilton Paddington on Easter Morning. No problems with storing our luggage til the room was ready...the room was spacious enough, very comfortable bed.    We were surprised by the dinner included in our room rate- it was an interesting buffet. Breakfast also was quite good.  It was incredibly convenient to be connected to Paddington Station and all the tube lines without having to splash around in the rain.",Date of stay: March 2008,5.0
4300,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4305-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Fantastic location,"A fantasic hotel. Very clean, very friendly, fantstic decor and ambience would definitiely stay again",Date of stay: October 2008,5.0
4301,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4305-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great stay,"Found  a very competitve rate on Expedia  ($333) , even better than Hilton's own website.  This hotel is wonderful for a quick trip to London.   Situated right over Paddington Station, which offers a 15 minute direct rail connection to Heathrow. The double room I stayed in was spacious, well furnished, and had a high tech TV.   Paddington offered an excellent starting point for my day with easy tube access to major Underground line links for business and touring.   The station also had lots of well priced dining options. HIghly recommended!!!",Date of stay: October 2008,5.0
4302,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4305-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,no better location,"In a city where it's hard to find a hotel that has a convenient location, an affordable price, and quiet rooms, the Hilton Paddington has much to recommend it.  It's not exactly affordable--including taxes, it was 175 pounds per night (including a well above average breakfast buffet)--but it is as good as it gets on location and quiet.  If traveling with carry-on luggage, it's possible to be in the hotel in less than an hour after landing at Heathrow, something that I really valued.  Getting off the Heathrow Express at Paddington, you can walk directly in to the hotel lobby--all the better when it is so often raining outside!!  The tube link means other locations in London are easy to get to, as well.  The room itself was average in decor and ambience, above average in the…",Date of stay: October 2008,4.0
4303,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4305-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Excellent,but expensive","My wife and I stayed in a suite,room no 502/503. All the usual ameneties,large bathrooom with seperate shower and bath. in fact there were 2 toilets in seperate parts of the room..There was a seperate dining area .There was a turn down service which was nice.  Room service was good,however you do get charged £3.50 per tray although it comes up on the same trolley!! We checked in at 12.30,no problems there. The executive longe was busy during the day,however it has plenty of room at late evening. Alcoholic drinks are only allowed between 6 - 8.30 pm. Location is excellent for trains and heathrow airport. During our stay LCD flatscreen T.v's were being put into the rooms. The only little grumble was the the bedside/stand up lamps didnt work. I would recommend this hotel,it's…",Date of stay: October 2008,5.0
4304,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4305-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Nice rooms but watch out for overcharging in the bar,"Hotel itself is very nice, the decor is good and the hotel's location is great. The rooms are indeed very spacious and the bathrooms finished to a high standard. Watch out for charges added to your bill , a friend and I had a drink in the Steam bar and although we ordered our drinks from the bar and did not have waitress service, a 10% service charge was added to our bill.  I did query this upon check out and the receptionist grudgingly removed the charge.  I also had to ask him to remove several items from the mini bar which were showing up incorrectly on my bill, not very useful when you want to use the express check out service. All in all a nice hotel but the service could do with a polish.",Date of stay: September 2008,3.0
4305,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4310-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Very nice hotel,"An excellent hotel. We chose this for its location, as we travelled into London Paddington on the train. Was concerned that we may be disturbed by the sounds from the station and any noise from the underground lines below. No worries. We were on the 2nd floor. We were in a standard double room, which was very spacious, with a nice big bathroom. Tea & coffee in the room was excellent. Have never stayed somewhere that provides a coffee perculator in the room! Breakfast was included in our room price. There was a good choice of hot & cold foods. Staff were very pleasant, polite and nothing was any trouble. Will definately be back.",Date of stay: September 2008,5.0
4306,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4310-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Super Staff,"Having recently returned from a touring holiday in Japan where we experienced superb service and food of exceptional quality we feel compelled to give this London hotel credit for providing the best breakfasts with the best service ever.  Every person who dealt with us was attentive, efficient and friendly.  The food (which included the option of whiskey with porridge) was of the best quality.    The one complaint we have is that the air conditioning in our room was ineffective and meant that we spent the nights perspiring gently!",Date of stay: September 2008,5.0
4307,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4310-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,As convenient as they come,"I have stayed here quite a few times, in double rooms and in executive rooms (with club access).  All are fine and the executive rooms can be really spacious.  Bathrooms and granite and glass.  I love the convenience of being able to get off the Heathrow Express, check in to the hotel, and on the day I'm leaving, check the bags in the hotel until I am ready to head off to LHR.  I'll stay here again -- in fact, I'll be there in less than 10 days.",Date of stay: September 2008,4.0
4308,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4310-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Good hotel, good staff, good location","My wife, 4 month old son and I stayed here for 3 nights in January 2008. After living in the UK for nearly 5 years it was time to head back to Australia and we chose this hotel specifically because of its proximity to the Heathrow Express and also the fact the flat we lived in was just down the road.  We decided to splurge and requested a Junior Suite with a separate dining area, with the intention of using it for the baby's sleeping area. When we checked in it seemed the room we were allocated wasn't a suite, but they fixed this immediately. Our room also faced busy Craven Road but the noise wasn't too much of an issue at night. We ate in our room each night, and the food and service was very good - and the staff took extra care to be quiet when the baby was sleeping!  All in…",Date of stay: January 2008,4.0
4309,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4310-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Loved the convenient location...but,"I was not happy with the guest treatment.  We had booked 2 double rooms (connected) more than 2 months before our stay.  We were traveling as a family of 4,(2 adults,2 teen children).  When we checked in we were told our rooms were not connected,in fact we were in separate wings of the hotel.  Of course we were upset, but our requests for at least rooms in close proximity fell on deaf ears.  We were promised rooms connected the next day,and were assured that our luggage would also be moved by staff so we would not lose a sightseeing day, however that did not happen either. We came back to the hotel at 6:30 p.m.and then after again requesting the change we were accomodated.  For our inconvenience we were given access to the Executive Lounge, but would have preferred our room…",Date of stay: August 2008,2.0
4310,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4315-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great for Heathrow Express but not central for visiting,"Stayed for two days last week at the Hilton as part of a joint business / vacation trip from the US.  It's great for anyone traveling to/from LHR but other than that, it's nothing special for the money.  Location: both Heathrow Express and Heathrow Connect go into Paddington, and the hotel is connected to the station.  Given that we got into Paddington at 10 pm, this was a godsend to not have to get on to the tube or into a taxi from there.  But the area surrounding Paddington is dull and not near any of the major attractions.  It's a 10- to 15-minute walk to Hyde Park, and most everything else that the average visitor wants to see is a tube ride away.  It's also not really near the major business centers though there were many, many businesspeople about.  Room: we were…",Date of stay: August 2008,3.0
4311,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4315-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,A Cautionary Tale . . .,"Check-in time at the Hilton Paddington is 3:00 p.m., so I did not expect to get into a room when I arrived at noon.  I was correct, so I checked my bags with the concierge.   I asked if I could use the phone to call my friend because I needed to change our meeting plans.  (My mobile phone doesn't work in the U.K.) I was told I had to go back to Paddington station and use a pay phone.  Now, mind you, I am a Hilton Honors member, and I was told because I had no room number yet, I could not use the phone in either the business center or the executive lounge.    I managed to meet my friends, and we decided to go to the theatre.  At around 5:30 p.m. I called the hotel and told them I would be late checking in.  They asked what time, and I said 11:00 p.m., and they said that's fine. …",Date of stay: August 2008,2.0
4312,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4315-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great stay!,"This hotel was absolutely fantastic. It couldn't have been easier to take the Heathrow Express directly there and I had access to the Tube whenever I needed to get somewhere. Plus the Paddington station area has a great grocery store in it, as well as some food stands, so everything was within walking distance.  I actually arrived a little early and they kindly accommodated this weary traveler...the staff was top notch and the food was good as well.  One thing to be aware of: The minibar uses sensors...I had accidentally knocked over a Pringles can and another food item when checking to see if there was enough storage room for my water bottle...and they appeared on my bill. However, as soon as I pointed out this error, they immediately removed it, so al was well.   The room was…",Date of stay: July 2008,5.0
4313,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4315-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Great Value, Great Location","My husband and I stayed here on a four-day trip to London over Memorial Day weekend.   First, this hotel is so simple to get to from Heathrow. Just hop on the Heathrow Express, and in 15 minutes you are at the doorstep. We loved being near Paddington Station, where you can catch the tube/buses to the rest of the city or the train to Oxford.  Our reservation included a daily buffet-style breakfast that offered something for everyone. I would recommend doing this if you can. We ate a huge breakfast and often skipped lunch, which meant more money in our wallet and more time for sightseeing. You can also grab a bite at the many eateries in Paddington Station -- Eat., Starbucks, Boots, etc.  The rooms were large enough and quite clean, with plenty of natural light -- even for dreary…",Date of stay: May 2008,4.0
4314,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4315-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Convenient Hilton with Good Size Rooms,We just returned from a one night stay at the Paddington Hilton which we selected for its proximity to Paddington station for our last night in London. Literally the station is out the back door. There is a bridge from the back entrance that leads directly into Paddington station and is a two minute walk to Heathrow Express which then takes only 15 minutes to Heathrow airport. This worked for us since we had a lot of bags to carry.  We checked in to a good sized well decorated and clean room and after dropping off the bags went directly into Paddington station and took the Great Western train to Windsor Castle and its beautiful town with shops and restaurants. Paddington also connects to Bath and other locations in Southern England. The Paddington underground station also makes…,Date of stay: August 2008,5.0
4315,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4320-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Below par,"Rooms small, noisy and not clean.  Doors to hallway did not provide any sound barrier.  You could hear conversations up and down the hallway.  Exterior bedspread and bedskirt dirty and stained.  No noise barrier between floors and roudy room above kept us awake all night.  Not just roudy, but bouncing basketball against walls and floor. Complaints to desk did not help....desk said they went to room and found everyone asleep.  Unless you just had to stay there because Paddington Rail station attached, don't do it.",Date of stay: August 2008,1.0
4316,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4320-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Location excellent,Stayed for one night in transit.   We arrived early in the morning and were told that we could check in at this time (no extra charge) but that the room was small. If we were prepared to wait until 10am they would be able to allocate us a room in the newer wing - this we did and all was fine.  As previous reviewers have said the location is excellent; we caught the bus from virtually outside the front door to Oxford St; later in the day we also walked across Hyde Park to meet friends for lunch.,Date of stay: July 2008,4.0
4317,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4320-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Good Location for Exploring and Great for Stopovers,"We spent one night at the Hilton on a layover.  We took the Heathrow Connect directly to the hotel for 7 euros a piece.  The hotel is located in Paddington station so it is in an excellent location for airport access and also access to the tube.   Our room was in the newer wing and it faced an interior courtyard.  It was very quiet.  The room was average size and the bathrooms were pretty nice.    We used our Hilton points so we didn't have to pay for the room rate.  Not sure how this hotel compares on price, but it is a very nice place to stay if you want to explore the city or have a layover at Heathrow.",Date of stay: July 2008,4.0
4318,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4320-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Excellent value.,Great location for taking the Paddington express to Heathrow. Large rooms at a resonable price for London.,Date of stay: June 2008,4.0
4319,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4320-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great Location,"We needed a hotel near Paddington Station and Hyde Park for the Hard Rock Calling weekend.  This hotel was doing a good B&B offer, and had good reviews. We were very happy, breakfast was good, decor very nice.  Only slight quibble would be that our room was very small, and some areas of the hotel (corridors etc) had no aircon and were very hot at times.  However, our friends had a much bigger room, even though I booked both rooms on the same rate.    But in terms of service, location and decor, no complaints.",Date of stay: June 2008,4.0
4320,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4325-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Business stop over,"I would say that this is a great hotel if you are in London for a short time and need to be well connected with Heahtrow, without having to take a taxi, since its connected directly with Paddington Station and Heahtrow Express, so you are at Heathrow in approximately 15 min., as well as the tube station to take you in to the middle of the city. There are also very good stores in Paddington Station, if you need to purchase food, beverages or other things and have in the room. A taxi to Oxfood Street, close to the corner of Hyde Park and Park Lane (Selfridge) was about £2 more then to take the tube, which takes at least double the time. Good facilities, the Steam resaurant was not that good, breakfast nothing special and the gym was not as promised.  Location 7/10:  Exellent…",Date of stay: June 2008,3.0
4321,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4325-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Amazing hotel, fabulous stay.","We stayed in the hotel for two nights including dinner on 1st night plus breakfast on each morning.  We had a double room on the third floor overlooking the station roof. The room was very spacious for a London hotel, well soundproofed and the bed was really comfortable. We didn't have any problems with the water that others have mentioned - the marble bathrooms are really impressive. My only couple of disappointments were a) the kettle didn't work (but in their defence I kept forgetting to tell them but did when I checked out) and b) the chambermaid service didn't come to our room early enough and when we returned at 4pm to bathe and change for a trip to the theatre that evening the room still wasn't done.  The food in this hotel is fantastic - I had saddle of lamb with apricot…",Date of stay: June 2008,5.0
4322,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4325-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,C.B. & C.H. Think - Hilton Paddington is EXCELLENT & Highly Recommend,"My neice and I stayed here in March 2008 for 8 days -   We thought this hotel was EXCELLENT.....Our rate included free dinner on the first, third and fith night plus buffet breakfast each morning - Food was excellent, there was something to please everyone.  The rooms were great - Very Clean and the bed was very, very comfortable....The bathroom had tons of space and was very nice.  The staff were excellent and treated us very well.  I would rate this Hotel  10 out of 10 and I will stay here again when I go back to London.",Date of stay: March 2008,5.0
4323,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4325-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great location...uncomfortable beds,"We stayed here for four days in the beginning of June 2008 after spending 13 days on a cruise. The hotel is very attractive on the outside and in a nice neighborhood filled with local restaurants and several food chains: BurgerKing, Pizza Hut, Subway and KFC. There were MANY indian restaurants which we loved. The meals were excellent and reasonably priced.  The hitel has a nice lobby and a wonderful concierge. We used our Hilton points for the enitre stay. Our room was on the 4th floor on the side of the hotel. It was fairly quiet given its proximity to Paddington Train Station and St Mary's Hospital! Our room was lovely - very sapcious and modern. thankfully I brought an extension cord so I could have my CPAP next to the bed. We simply unplugged the cord from the other side of…",Date of stay: June 2008,2.0
4324,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4325-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great Stay.,"My wife and I stayed at the hotel for three nights from 29 May, and enjoyed the experience greatly. The room was clean and located on the 5th floor overlooking the train station roof, was as quiet as could be expected for London. We had booked breakfast and dinner on first night which we changed to third night as we were going to a show on Thursday - no problem. The breakfasts were great but the buffet evening meal, being included in the pkg, was moderate, slightly better than a pub meal although the salad bar starter was top class. We did have some issues with water presure in the shower every morning but it was a minor inconvienence. Overall, we would return, not only for the hotel itself but the location within the tube system was brillliant, having only once to change…",Date of stay: May 2008,4.0
4325,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4330-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Not up to speed for the business traveller ;  will not return to this hotel.,"Overall an Okay hotel. What disappointed me however is the hotel's approach to handling my complaint about the internet connection. The connection was extremely slow, so I could not get my work done properly. Regardless, Hilton insisted that I pay GBP 15 for this service because I had used it. Basically, Hilton offers internet service at rates below dial-up rate. My colleague staying in another room had the same problems. For business travellers like myself, this gives great inconvenience. There's plenty of other choice in this area, so I will not return to this hotel.",Date of stay: May 2008,2.0
4326,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4330-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Fabulous Stay!,"After reading some of the reviews on Trip Advisor, I was convinced my stay at the Hilton Paddington was going to be miserable, but I was more than satisfied with my stay.  My room was upgraded upon arrival from a standard to a deluxe room, which was HUGE (especially compared to the hotel in Paris we had just come from).  Our room (511) overlooked the inside of the train station, so there was no view to speak of, but it was fantastically quiet (when I checked in I said I did not want to be above the ""nightclub"" I had read about on Trip Advisor and the front desk person looked confused...I didn't see a nightclub while I was there either, although there was a bar.) The bed was just fine and I showered at night, so I had no issues with water temperature or pressure at all.  My…",Date of stay: May 2008,5.0
4327,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4330-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Intentionally misleading info on internet access?,"The hotel is integrated with Paddington station, and extremely convenient for those who need to spend a night before catching the express train to Heathrow. Clean, modern rooms, good breakfast.  My only complaint is that the reservation said (translated to mixed case from all caps, punctuation as in the original): ""Double Hilton guestroom contemporary decor air conditioning, broadband, wi-fi, safe holiday special includes buffet breakfast full prepayment required, no refund""  It turns out that internet access is charged at the rate of GBP15 per day. My reading of the above text is that internet access is included. (They didn't charge extra for the air conditioning!) When I remarked to the desk clerk that this was very close to false advertising, she said she would call it to the…",Date of stay: May 2008,3.0
4328,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4330-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Not impressed,"This hotel may have a connecting bridge direct to Paddington Station however; this is about the only positive feedback I would give.   The front desk staff are clueless and when posed with a problem would rather walk away then continue to discuss and find a solution.   In addition the only bar serving drinks that night had been rented out to a private party for the night, meaning all hotel guests have to sit in a cold lobby with no drinks. If someone asked if I would stay here again the answer would certainly be no, and it has certainly put me off using any hilton hotel in the future.",Date of stay: May 2008,1.0
4329,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4330-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Very nice stay,"My girlfriend and I booked the hotel thorugh londontown.com, for about £100 a night. I've been in London a numberous of times and i've often paid more than that for a lousy basement room in central London. The 100 quid inckluded a dinner the first night and a rich breakfast buffet every day.  We got a large, clean room on the 5th floor, and we was not disturbed as some of the other travellers discribes in the reviews.  The location is brilliant. Just across the street from Paddington tube station and connected to the Paddington train station. Its also a lot uf busses you can take down to Oxford street. Sometimes when you book a room for a pleasure trip in a posh hotel, the staff seems to ignore you a bit. This was NOT case at Hilton Paddington. All of the staff was friendly and…",Date of stay: May 2008,5.0
4330,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4335-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,not great,i was not overly impressed with this hotel..... we had to make our own beds  with single quilts and double quilt covers .... the 3rd bed was just about on the floor so we ended up all sleeping in a double bed well.... 2 singles pushed together so i was the one that fell down the middle..... apart from this is was ok!,Date of stay: March 2008,3.0
4331,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4335-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great Location,"Good value if you book one of the special weekend packages. Expensive if you don't. Great location , beside Paddington station.  Staff are helpful, although restaurant staff are a bit distracted and servcie charge is included even when you but a glass of wine at the bar !! However, I have stayed twice and will go back, because of the location and value for money ( if you get a deal !)",Date of stay: April 2008,4.0
4332,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4335-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Overall good experience, a few minor problems","This is a very nice hotel and reasonably priced for London.  The good: - Decent sized room with comfortable bed - Clean and good service - Being adjacent to Paddington is wonderful, you have all the shops next to the train station including Sainsbury's and Marks & Spencer for groceries.  Pharmacy and light food restaurants too!  Suggestions:  get an executive room with breakfast included. You can have breakfast, drinks and snacks in the exective lounge included in your room fee.  Well worth it.  Problems: - Water temperature in shower fluctuates wildly. - Thermostats in room do nothing. You cannot adjust the temperature to an exact number, just hot/cold, fan on or off.  Even so, it seemed completely ineffective. Confirmed issue with other guests in hotel in other rooms. Had to…",Date of stay: March 2008,4.0
4333,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4335-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Oooh,"A real copper bottomed treat of a hotel. Fancy some ice? - why not use the bespoke ice machine. Fancy a can of rockstar energy and 10 lammers? visit one of the many local shops on hand for such glorious and essential bounty. The hotel itself has a pleasing mock art deco style, which is mirrored in friendly hospitality and the fact my bank details were not stolen when i accidentally left my casher on the floor. The shower left a bit to be desired as it was often quite cold, but that was probably due to me doing something wrong. Rooms? - smashing! - Spacious, clean and roomy. Being close to the west end you may even find yourself spotting the rich & famous. On my first night i was amazed to see 'Paul' from TV's neighbours in the adjoining casino, and on night number 2 musician…",Date of stay: March 2007,4.0
4334,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4335-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Convenient Location and Nice Executive Room,"Location very convenient, although $60USD return on Heathrow Express needs to be factored in.  For late arrival at airport this is probably more convenient than waiting around for airport hotel shuttle.  Stayed in very large executive room, which was quite comfortable.  Breakfast in lounge also good, but selection not as good as other Hilton hotels I have stayed at.  As I booked well in advance, and stayed on Friday night, rate was $250USD with taxes, which is excellent for 4-Star hotel in central London.  Overall, will stay again during next visit to London.",Date of stay: February 2008,4.0
4335,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4340-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Great locastion, clean and tidy.","We arrived late, checked out two rooms and settled for a executive room at the 5th floor and had the luck to get it at a reasonable price. The location is truly an asset, having most of central London near.  The heating though did not work properly so as we came back after a meal at 23.30 the room was much overheated and nothing could be done about it, the staff told us. The brought us a fan :-) and our temper escalated with the heat in the room. After a lot of hassle, arguing with the manager for the night, looking at another not really nice room in the 2nd floor, we finally forced ourselves to a small room on the 6th floor with a terrace, things started to work really well. A lot of hassle finally turned things to the better. The room was clean, convenient and nice. The…",Date of stay: February 2008,3.0
4336,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4340-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Do Not Recommend,"We stayed at the Paddington HIlton from Feb 22-25, 2008 while in London for business.  While I agree the location is extremely convenient from Heathrow, that's about the only positive in our stay.  The key issues were:  - wake up calls didn't happen. for business hotels, this is obviously a big problem  - when a call was placed to inquire about extending stay, we were told, the ""system is down, call back tomorrow"".  needless to say, we didn't bother.   - rates are wacky.  a colleague and i were charged vastly different rates (140 vs 300 pounds per night) despite the same room type, etc.  when this was brought to management, they simply refused to make an adjustment.  evidently at the hilton, the customer is NOT always right.    - it's a business hotel, but they charge 15 pounds…",Date of stay: February 2008,2.0
4337,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4340-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Loved it, unique hotel with loads of character and great story!","Ended up in this hotel after a last minute booking for a ""secret"" hotel and was very pleasantly surprised! Hotel has a unique entrance and location at the and of the train line. Hotel is packed with history. Top tip: read the book on the history of the hotel, to be found in every room, truly a unique story which adds a lot of flair and a sense of magic to this nice hotel. Food was on par, location is great in nice neighboorhood with good restaurants. rooms were a bit small as everywhere in london, but has everything you need and looks modern and decent. Recommended, unique story and location gives it a lot of extra flair, something special.",Date of stay: September 2007,5.0
4338,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4340-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,great stay,"Had a great stay at the hotel very well situated and rooms lovely, only two things i things i think would of made our stay nicer than it was is quciker breakfast service waited ages to get in for breakest then again to get our breakfast then had to line up agin to make toast ....breakfast was cold by tht time,stayed in cheaper hotels with 100% better organised way  and hotter results. One more thing bar closed too early on a satuerday night ....was looking forward to going back to a lovely hotel to relax in the bar before going to bed........we were allowed into a private party which onlt sold bottles and worked out £9 a pint which is a bit pricey .........in anyones mind.",Date of stay: February 2008,5.0
4339,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4340-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Very Impressed,"Stayed at the Hilton London Paddington during February 2008. Excellent weekend deal obtained via londontown.com website including 2 nights accommodation, dinner, bed and breakfast. Upon arrival the hotel upgraded us and the room was fabulous. Clean, spacious and quiet.   The location of the hotel is excellent, particularly as our arrival station was Paddington, and then only a 10 minute tube ride to the centre. A perfect location for visiting the major central London attractions.  Food at the hotel was superb. The choice at dinner was vast and the food was of an excellent standard. The breakfast was one of the best I have ever had. The amount of food available was huge and catered for all tastes. We ate a large breakfast both days and we didn't need to buy lunch as we were still…",Date of stay: February 2008,5.0
4340,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4345-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Again very satisfied,"We stayed at the Hilton Paddington for the 3rd time and were very satisfied again.  Location: If you arrived at Heathrow, the location of this Hotel cannot be beaten. Its right above Paddington Station where the Heathrow Express arrives ater a 15 minutes nonstop journey from Heathrow airport. Just go along the platform, go up an  escalator and you are right in the lobby. Paddingtom area is very nice, plenty of Pubs, restaurants and shops around the hotel. we also love the supermarket in the station hall, open till midnight. Post office next to the hotel and you can buy bus passes in a slittle shop opposite to the hotel entrance. we always take the bus to Osxord street and Picadilly Circus, bus 23 stopping right in front of the hotel, very convenient. Also bus 88 going to Camden…",Date of stay: February 2008,5.0
4341,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4345-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Not worth it,"Me and my friend spent two nights at Hilton London Paddington. And the expericence wasnt very good. 1st of all, the staff at the desk seemed to be very annoying and was more busy to write on their computers than listen to what we had to say when we checked in. That resulted in that they charged us for three nights instead of two.   We also asked them for turning the sofa in the ""living room"" (we rented a suite on 1st floor)  to a bed. But it wasn´t done until way asked for it a 2nd time. We asked for it the 1st time at lunch but when we got back to the hotel at 8 pm, it wasnt done, so we asked them again.   There was no TV set in the ""living room"" part. (I know that it isnt requierd from the hotel but they really should have it)  The desktop to the internet-TV didnt work at all,…",Date of stay: February 2008,2.0
4342,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4345-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Pricey, good but not out of this world","I was there from 1/12 -1/19 for business which paid for the room.    It was a ""delux"" room, so better than standard, but not the top they offered.   It was about $530 a night with taxes, which I would have never paid on my own.    It is probably nicer than many hotels in the area, but not sure it justifies that price.  The staff provided much better service than most help you get in the city, so take that for what it is worth.      The biggest benefit is their location attached to the station.  This is helpful not just for travel by train/tube, but also because of all the food stands/shops that are open late in the station, including 2 grocery stores that are open till midnight.   The hotel had a very small room in the fridge for personal use, but it did whole some yogurt/juice…",Date of stay: January 2008,4.0
4343,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4345-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,great hotel,we expected a tiny box of a room what a great suprise we had . room had room to move!!!the bathroom was great aswell only problem was water went a bit hot and cold.we would stay here in a flash again.the breakfast was excellent to.highly recommend,Date of stay: January 2008,5.0
4344,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4345-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Jolly old London town !,"How convenient is this place !?   It is quite something to deplane at Heathrow, walk down into the train station and hop one all the way to the Paddington ( Paddington Bear that is ) station and, not quite 15 minutes later, exit up straight away into the Hotel lobby. This Heathrow Express is a bargain at 31 pounds for 2 people - compared to 70 pounds (that's 140$ Canadian) to cab into town !!! Wow !!!  All right, I will admit , it is expensive. Mind you England is expensive - period. I mean 7 $ (Canadian) for a latte at Starbuck's ???   I digress ... The accommodations are stylish, modern and clean. The staff is fast and polite. Room-service is good. The chicken soup is fab !The breakfast buffet is varied and plentiful. Just make sure you ask for milk or creme for your coffee…",Date of stay: January 2008,4.0
4345,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4350-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great Hotel,"I booked this hotel for its location. I was arriving in London late at night on a Saturday, had all Sunday to walk around the city and had to leave, via Heathrow, on Monday afternoon. Staying near Paddington station was crucial because I wanted to make the most out of the few hours I had in the city and didn’t want to waste any time with transportation to-from Heathrow. The Hilton Paddington is conveniently located next to Paddington train station and taking the Heathrow express is as easy as it can be because the hotel is connected to the station. I wanted to take the 3:20PM to the airport. I left my room at 3:05, dropped the express check-out envelope inside its box and was seating at my seat on the train at 3:10. It doesn’t get any easier than that. If you have access to the…",Date of stay: January 2008,5.0
4346,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4350-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great in London,After switching to this hotel from a rundown B and B we loved it. I traveled with my younger brother and our parents and we all enjoyed it. In London there are no family rooms so we decided we could all fit in a suite. Upon arrival they bumped us an executive suite which enabled us to use the executive lounge! I have never had this opportunity and even though most of this hotel are business people I felt like royalty. There was included breakfast and drinks and small appetizers near dinner time. This saved us a lot of money and time so we were able to explore London. The hotel is part of the train station and we would just go down stairs and be able to go into a food court and grocery store. For a perfect location (across street from underground) and beautiful rooms this is the…,Date of stay: November 2007,5.0
4347,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4350-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Perfect Location, Good Value","I enjoyed my weekend stay here.  Central location with express train to Heathrow steps from the hotel.  It took only 10-15 minutes to reach Piccadilly Circus via the tube.  Very large rooms (especially for London standards) and in good condition.  If you are flying into Heathrow, want a large and pretty well appointed room at a reasonable rate, this is the hotel for you.",Date of stay: November 2007,4.0
4348,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4350-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,The most convenient location from Heathrow,Heathrow Express makes this hotel a great choice for a stay in London.  Being able to find your hotel 15 minutes after leaving the airport is a big relief after you have been stuck on a plane for the previous 10 hours due to weather delays.  I also made use of the Sainsbury's for drinks and snacks (M&S Simply Food also had a very good selection) since the minibar is overpriced.  I also recommend (as other have) using the internet cafe across the street instead of the 15 pounds/day for wireless in your room.    Paddington is a very convenient station to get to many places in London since it is on four different Tube lines (this especially comes in handy when there are delays on certain lines).  I also would recommend getting an Oyster Card at the Tube station since it saves you a…,Date of stay: December 2007,4.0
4349,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4350-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Pretty rough for price, but good location",Don't book this hotel if you're looking for something special as it is a typical run down and overpriced London hotel.  If all you want is a base in Paddington for a night then you may consider it for it's location - and book through an online agent to get a better price (we used booking.com). Otherwise don't bother. Anne,Date of stay: November 2007,2.0
4350,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4355-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Overpriced, too greedy","We stayed in the hotel, arrived early, at 7 am,  but no early check inn possible, because the hotel is always full. Also the lobby is full and to busy, so we rented a conference room for 6 people to meet. This price was 90 Euro per hour!! As we  used our room till 16:00  the same day, we got upset because they charged us full night rate instead of day rate. For sure they sold our rooms twice !!  Our bill was for 2 normal rooms, whom we used a few hours, including 4 hours conference room was total 1000 Euro, excluding meals, because trhey have not a representative restaurant. Comments were not accepted, the cashier had no authority to respond, only the power to charge which he did right away on our credit card. This hotel is well positioned at the end of the Heathrow express…",Date of stay: December 2007,2.0
4351,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4355-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,So so so bad.,"Ill keep this short.  This hotel, in my opinion, sums everything up that is bad about corporate travel.   Our rate was £297 for B&B in what was supposedly an ugrade type room........to put this in perspective this rate is almost €400 which puts you in the four seasons / ritz cartlon bracket in Dublin.  On arrival at the hotel we were greeted by an extremely rowdy and rough party crowd.......ok it is xmas and the staff dos are in full flow - but surely a simple party shouldnt cause the hotel to litterally look like a bomb had gone off. There were people staggering everywhere, bottles, pint glasses, people asleep ..... i could go on.   Our room was typical Hitlon drab, wannabe art deco - no surprise there - but wait! we have been charged almost £300 - the room was basic. Even by…",Date of stay: December 2007,1.0
4352,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4355-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great home for 4 nights,"I had a great 4-night stay at the Hilton London Paddington.  All of the staff were courteous.  We reserved a double room as that is all the hotel had left, but requested a room with two beds.  While the hotel said that this couldn't be accomodated because the tour groups had already booked up the 2-bedded rooms, we were given a nice room on the top floor overlooking the station.  While this might seem noisy, it is totally quiet, and I think much more quiet than overlooking Praed St out front (alternative is to have one of the interior-facing rooms where you face another room).  The room was bright and clean and calls to get an extra blanket or change a broken floor lamp were quickly addressed.  Only thing is that the temperature/water pressure could be dodgy in the shower…",Date of stay: December 2007,5.0
4353,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4355-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great stay at the Hilton London Paddington,"My wife and I spent 5 nights at the Hilton London Paddington on our way home from a trip to Greece. We were greeted warmly and efficiently - and given a room upgrade at check-in to a very nice ""double-double"". (Whatever that means in Hilton Hotel speak - still it helps to join up for loyalty programs.) Our room was a spacious room with chairs, desk, dresser, and a king size bed. Bathroom was also roomy for London. Great view onto the front of the hotel - and room was very quiet.  Breakfast was included in the rate, which we enjoyed immensely - both for its convenience and food choices. Travel connections via the Tube were great and easy. Travel to/from Heathrow was a breeze with the Heathrow Express just a few minutes from our room. Lots of good restaurant choices in the rail…",Date of stay: October 2007,5.0
4354,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4355-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,nightmare experience,"I stayed in the London Paddington on Friday 23rd November. I booked to stay using the hotel website on Nov. 20th for one night. I tried to pay using my debit card but it did not accept it and then I used my Visa credit card, however the dates changed to the default dates which were the 21st to 22nd. I did not realise this until I tried to check into the hotel on Friday 23rd. I explained the error to the staff and manager but was still charged for both the wednesday and Friday night which came to £166.33 per night. To make matters worse on Friday night I was given a room (number 212) over the night club and was kept awake until 3.30am. I phoned the reception but nothing was done to reduce the noise. Despite using earplugs the noise was unbearable. I'm sure others would have found…",Date of stay: November 2007,1.0
4355,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4360-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Loved for its Location etc.,"Once again we have come back from a trip to England with two stays at Hilton London Paddington - on arrival and just before leaving the UK.  This time we have mixed feelings - but would still book and stay there on all future trips.  To clear up the ""breakfast problem"" let me say, at the outset, that the breakfasts are far too expensive to buy outright (at 20 GBP each) unless included in a price deal.   The breakfast room Manager has to act as an aggressive doorman - letting in only those people who are ""on the list"" for the inclusive breakfasts (or those poor souls who are willing to pay out $80 for two breakfasts !!)  Admittedly there is a Starbucks right outside the door - all under cover from the weather etc. - we tried it once this year and it is OK for the usual Starbucks…",Date of stay: October 2007,4.0
4356,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4360-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Sludge Tour Mk III,"We were part of a group booking as a coach party, hence the name Sludge as he arranges it all!  I think it was around £140 for 2 nights stay, including breakfast.  I don't know how he does it; especially with us being there for the Southend v Carlisle football game, which Carlisle won.  Whoopee!  I don't know anyone who did not like the hotel rooms.  They are very spacious and I cannot understand people who say they are not.  The only downside was that everyone got a King Size bed regardless of whether you were a couple or not.  They do not seem to do 2 singles...or 2 doubles!  Strange!  However, the bed itself is oh, so comfy, all in white.  Very nice duvet and the cleanliness was fantastic.  The whole of the hotel was extremely clean which is always a good sign.  Apparently,…",Date of stay: October 2007,5.0
4357,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4360-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Dull but convenient,This hotel is very convenient but nothing special. Nothing stands out except for the conceirge who went above and beyond in assisting me. The front desk quoted me a price that was very high. I called Hilton on the #800 line and got it for half-price. The price for the Internet is ridiculous. 15 pounds for $30!,Date of stay: October 2007,3.0
4358,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4360-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Boring, but convenient","Have had many meetings at the location because it's right on top of Paddington Station, but this was the first time staying over.  As I write this review 4 weeks after my stay, I can recall that getting to the room was higgledy-piggledy, the room was clean (if a bit small) and I slept well.  Otherwise, it was fairly non-descript.  Hence, a more neutral rating.",Date of stay: September 2007,3.0
4359,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4360-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Perfect hotel for a flying visit to the capital,"This hotel is attached to Paddington Station, with a fantastic sneaky entrance that avoids the London rain.  There is also a Starbucks next to this station entrance which is good to know if your stay does not include breakfast (it never does when you book cheap and last minute) - not just Starbucks on the doorstep but a whole host of eateries within the station.  Upon entering the hotel you pass through a lovely plush recepion, with a smooth check in process and pleasant staff.  This part is all good.  The room was a a beautifully decorated corner room, all the mod cons, fantastic coffee making facilities - filter coffee - yum.  The complimentary biscuits present and correct and there is a well stocked, but expensive, mini bar.    In fact, I only have one complaint about the…",Date of stay: August 2007,5.0
4360,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4365-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Service OK, Rooms GREAT, Location GREAT!","Our first impression of this hotel was calling at 7 in the morning to ask if we could leave our large suitcases with the concierge for a couple of days while we took a side trip for the weekend.  (We didn't want to check in any luggage due to the strict regulations at Heathrow.)  The guy at the front desk said that was fine.  We spent the next hour getting to the hotel, only to find a new guy at the front desk telling us that was absolutely not possible.  He was really quite a jerk, and very insistent.  But after we asked to speak with the manager, it somehow all got sorted out - and they did store our luggage.  So being persistent paid off!  When we came back, we paid for a 25 pound upgrade to an Executive Suite (this was part of a business trip - company-paid.)  First thing we…",Date of stay: September 2007,4.0
4361,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4365-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Surprised by the quality,"The hotel is attached to Paddington Station so it is a very convenient location if you're staying briefly in London--just take the express train back and forth to Heathrow.  The hotel was immaculate with well appointed rooms and pleasant staff.  As a business traveler just looking for a quiet, hassle-free place to stay, it was perfect.",Date of stay: January 2006,5.0
4362,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4365-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great Location,"Stayed here after a 2 week stay on the West End.  Good location - great for the train to Heathrow.  Large rooms - added a rollaway bed with plenty of room.  Re: previous comment - hairdryer is in the desk drawer!!  Only complaint - any phone calls cost a fortune (charge by the minute for calling card calls) and there is NO pay phone in hotel.  Phones at Paddington station only take credit or debit cards with no cost exhibited.  This was a bummer.  Overall, would stay again because of ease of traveling.  Clean rooms and very comfortable beds (even rollaway).  Hot water can be tricky early in the morning.",Date of stay: September 2007,4.0
4363,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4365-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Could not be better!!!!,We stayed at Paddingto Hilton Twice on our European holiday in 2006. Both times the room was large & the service excellent. It is perfectly located for the trains  & the Hop on Hop off bus is just around the corner. Both times we had a weekend deal which included 2 x breakfasts & one dinner which was excellent. It is a very very nice hotel & we would go back in a heartbeat. ,Date of stay: August 2006,5.0
4364,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4365-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,great value weekend package,"We have just spent a weekend in the Hil;ton, Paddington and were very impressed by the value, courtesy and immaculate room. The staff were very friendly and the concierge helpful. A weekend deal included two nights with full english breakfast and dinner on a night of our choice. The latter was a little disappointing - the restaurant is rather souless and despite being warned we needed to book - we shared it with three other couples! The room was spacious, clean, comfortable and surprisingly quiet. The central location is fine and we chose it as we caught the train to Paddington did not fancy dragging our baggage across london. After taking out the cost of breakfast and dinner the room actually cost £80 a night. The snag - everything else costs a fortune eg £5 for a small bar of…",Date of stay: September 2007,4.0
4365,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4370-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,This is a dump and a rip off,"used the hilton web to get  a deal.... rooms are low standrd like motel over priced even for london and not worth the nights room of 169 pounds ( 400 aussie) fee. Too much noise from traffic on road... bad reception staff, over pirced food and only just bearable .. would rather have stayed awake all night in the train station than slept here....do not go o thsi hotel !! oh yeah internet was extra 15 ounds for slow connection and no late check out offered past 12pm.... ",Date of stay: August 2007,1.0
4366,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4370-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Perfect Hotel for Night Before Heathrow Express,"This hotel was the perfect place to stay for the night before we took the Heathrow Express at 6 a.m. The hotel is connected to Paddington Station; you just roll your luggage across an interior footbridge from the lobby to the lift down to the tracks.  The rooms are large by London standards and clean and well-appointed.  I booked the hotel as a ""top secret hotel"" on lastminute.com's UK site (look for ""High Quality Hotel in Art Deco Style"") and saved a substantial amount (85 pounds per night including all taxes -- I think you can sometimes get a room for less).  Paddington Station has everything you would want -- a Sainsbury's grocery store, a Marks & Spencer Simply Food, a Starbucks, and more.  I would consider staying here not only as a departure or arrival point from Heathrow,…",Date of stay: July 2007,5.0
4367,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4370-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Very rude staff - bad service!,"The location is great and the rooms big but without hair dryer, bathrobe and that little extra you would expect from a 4 star hotel.   The staff is rude and not serviceminded at all. Our stay included a dinner on the first night and breakfast. Since I knew we would not be able to have dinner at the hotel the first night I wrote them an email 8 days before arrival to ask if we could have that dinner the following night instead. I got an email back that this was no problem. But when we arrived the check-in was so slow and they could not see anything about us having dinner the night after. I felt they accused me of lying and since I did not bring the e-mail and could not remember who wrote it we did not get our dinner (which we actually paid for beforehand!) The staff did not do…",Date of stay: August 2007,2.0
4368,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4370-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Overpriced, poor value.","I was stayed here for one night on business as I needed to be close to Paddington and was arriving late.  Even booking ahead the room cost a staggering £350 - for that you don't get breakfast, a mini bar or even a bathrobe. Despite booking a double I got a twin room.  I bought my breakfast at Starbucks and saved about £25!  The room was nice, but at that price you'd expect it to be. in fact at half the price in London you'd expect a similar room.  This hotel overprices during the week and gets way with it purely due to location  - it  should be avoided if at all possible. ",Date of stay: July 2007,3.0
4369,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4370-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Good 4 star in a great location,"Stayed there for business for a couple of nights. The price was reasonable for this expensive city - 140 ppn. Breakfest & internet were very expensive. Location cannot be beaten for anyone coming in from Heathrow and needing to travel to multiple destinations within the city. The staff was excellent & helpful. I got upgraded to a double deluxe, that was clean & comfortable, albeit rather small with outdated decor. Got an amazing view of a wall and some airconditioning pipes...Overall, I can heartily recommend this hotel to business travelers, and to those wanting good access throughout the city. ",Date of stay: August 2007,4.0
4370,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4375-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Love the Hilton,"Stayed here between rentals for two nights to treat ourselves. Had never stayed in a Hilton Hotel before and absolutely loved it! The room was immaculate, huge, bed was comfie (and enormous), the bathroom was great and loved the Crabtree and Evelyn toiletries. Only minor thing i remember not being too keen on was the water temp control (fluctuated in temp) but this was not a major issue.   Loved the hilton and will def book again if ever wanting to treat ourselves. Staff were great. ",Date of stay: April 2007,5.0
4371,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4375-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Especially convenient if your trip includes trains to/from Paddington,"I stayed here for four nights in July 2007, divided into one stay of three nights and one of one night, separated by about a week.  Overall I had a good experience and would happily stay here again.   Positives:  - Great location; you can enter the hotel directly from the Paddington rail and Underground stations without having to go outside.  Since I was coming in on Heathrow Connect (after midnight) and then leaving from and returning to London on a train from/to Paddington, this couldn’t have been more convenient.  Paddington is on three tube lines (District, Circle, and Hammersmith and City), although the Hammersmith and City is a bit of a hike through the train station and can’t be reached directly from the District/Circle lines, and the Circle line was closed both weekends…",Date of stay: July 2007,4.0
4372,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4375-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great location for a short stay,"This hotel was a great choice for a very short weekend stopover in London. I arrived late Friday night from Heathrow, and left again early Sunday morning. Given that, the fact that this hotel is attached directly to Paddington Station was perfect -- I could be at Heathrow easily within 30 minutes of getting out of bed.  Other than the location, I found my room to be surprisingly large, comfortable, and quiet, especially by London standards, although seeing as I paid over $300 US including tax and all that, I expected something pretty decent.  The only downside of this hotel is that while the location is great for business trips and short stays, it's not all that tourist-friendly --figure on walking a lot, riding the bus, or taking the Underground if you're in London with the…",Date of stay: July 2007,4.0
4373,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4375-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,RUDE staff and RIP OFF phone calls,"This hotel is in a fantastic location, with an entrance directly into Paddington station where you get the train to Heathrow airport. The rooms are very nice and hotel is modern and clean. That is where the positives end.  Staff at this hotel were the rudest we encountered in 4 months travel through Europe. I asked for a spare key to the room and was quizzed on how many people were staying in the room and was required to show ID. I asked for a travel adaptor and was required to pay 5 pounds deposit. Internet access was available, but cost something like 20 pounds a day (ridiculous). For a 5 minute phone call to a London mobile phone I was charged 20 pounds!!! When I questioned this charge I was told 'yes, we've had lots of complaints about the costs but there is nothing we can…",Date of stay: July 2007,2.0
4374,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4375-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Excellent location- Great altenative to an airport hotel,"I stayed at the Paddington Hilton rather than at the airport  and was very happy that I did. In the past , when connecting through London, I have stayed at the Heathrow airport Hilton and thought I’d give Paddington a try.   (The airport  Hilton is technically located ""in” the airport but it is still takes 40 minutes of walking  from terminal 3-- Heathrow is a ridiculous airport/ impossible to get around).   I took the Heathrow Express train from the airport (£28.50 GBP round trip) and it was great.  The entire journey –from the time I exited my plane in terminal one until the time I arrived at the hotel was one hour and fifteen minutes (including time to pick up luggage).  The train ride itself is 15 mins and  travels directly to  Paddington Station. The hotel in located…",Date of stay: July 2007,5.0
4375,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4380-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Wonderful hotel,"We stayed at the hotel, as we wanted to be close to Paddington Station, for catching a train in the morning. You can walk out of the side of the hotel and you are in the train station, which was great. Our room was lovely, very clean. We had breakfast included in the price, this was excellent, great choice, very hot and fresh.  Attentive staff, would defintely stay here again. ",Date of stay: June 2007,5.0
4376,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4380-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Very pleased!,"I booked this hotel via another website as a ""top secret hotel"" (which I was pretty confident I'd figured out) for a good rate of approx £60 for one night, room only.  I was very pleased with the hotel.  I travelled from Oxford so just stepped off my train and straight into the lobby!  Reception staff were very pleasant at check-in with very little waiting.   I was in a standard double on the 6th floor and can't really fault it at all.  Room was a good size, especially for London.  It was spotlessly clean with a good size sparkling bathroom, complete with full set of Crabtree and Evelyn toiletries.  Some reviewers didn't like the duvet on the bed but I prefer it to blankets and was especially happy to see that they also provided a top sheet.  The bed was extremely comfortable…",Date of stay: July 2007,5.0
4377,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4380-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Great value, great hotel","Got a cut price rate (£84 for a double) via the web.  All round excellent hotel. Good location, good facilities and efficient staff. ",Date of stay: June 2007,4.0
4378,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4380-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,A great hotel!,"Stayed here with my fiance for a night in June. The hotel was perfect for us - a fantastic location next door to the Paddington tube station. Check in was easy and our room was very comfortable - very clean, spacious and a very comfortable bed! Would definitely look to stay here again when we return to London. ",Date of stay: June 2007,5.0
4379,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4380-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Great Hotel, Great Location","The Hotel is what you would expect from the Hilton, the rooms are clean and well presented. They have everything you need in them. For being in central London the rooms are very quiet. The best part about the hotel is its location. It is at Paddington station which allows you access to all of londons attractions. Buy a day ticket for zones 1&2  for £5.10 which lets you travel by train, underground and bus in central london all day.  This hotel is perfect for visitors wanting a good hotel with quick easy travel links. Look around online for good deals  you can save upwards of £100 per night! ",Date of stay: June 2007,5.0
4380,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4385-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"nice hotel, pity about some of the staff","While the room, location and services were very good, I found some of these factors were over-shadowed by the performance (or lack there of) of some staff members. Upon arrival, the check in clerk was very abrupt and unhelpful and little attention was given to us, and indeed other people, in the restaurant. Overall, the Hilton Paddington is good value for the quality of hotel and convenience but do not expect service with a smile. ",Date of stay: June 2007,3.0
4381,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4385-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Great Hotel, Great Location",great hotel in a great location. rooms are a good size and clean.  I've stayed here several times. All the rooms i've been in were quite. The convenients of being close to the heathrow express and the paddington bus stop should not be underestimated. Great hotel especially if you can get a special discount rate from some of the websites. ,Date of stay: June 2007,4.0
4382,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4385-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Convenient to trains, moderately nice","I've stayed at the Paddington Hilton 2-3 times per year since it opened.  The only real reason to stay here is its proximity to trains to the west (including the Heathrow Express) and the underground -- it is literally upstairs from Paddington station.  In the station you can find quite a few restaurants and shops, including a liquor store and a grocery store.  This is particularly handy if you want to avoid minibar charges and the extensive, but expensive, breakfast buffet (20 pounds).  The hotel was a purpose-built a few years ago, so everything is generally clean and in good condition, however the hotel is starting to show some signs of wear.  For example, the minibar in my room was broken and empty.  (That's probably a good thing, given the prices they charge!) …",Date of stay: June 2007,4.0
4383,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4385-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Loved It,"(We stayed at this hotel in August 2006 and I never got around to writing my review. However I now feel the need to after reading some of the recent negative comments.)  Having stayed at several B&Bs and guest houses throughout England and Europe, we decided to treat ourselves to a hotel on our return to London. We managed to get a good rate at the Paddington Hilton (including breakfast), otherwise it would have been out of our price range.  Yes - The normal room rates and other costs - drinks etc etc, are high but no higher than in any other hotel of the same quality in London. One has to realise that London is an expensive place to visit.  Yes - Our room was quite a walk from the lifts but that was not a problem for us. It is a big hotel after all.  Yes - Our king size bed was…",Date of stay: August 2006,5.0
4384,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4385-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Not awful but not brilliant,"We chose this hotel for the convenience aspect of being a couple of minutes away from the Heathrow Express.  We arrived at a busy time and the queue was quite long to check in.   We were given a room on the third floor which was situated (it seemed) miles from the lifts.  The room was cleanish (a lot of debris on the carpet) and there was no mineral water.  When we came back to the room later on in the evening after eating out we were very tired.   We went to bed but were woken by a strange noise coming from the bathroom.   On closer inspection the noise was coming from the bath!    It was a strange whirring, spitting noise.   We tossed up complaining but neither one of us could face the long walk down to reception.  The following morning we spoke to reception and they changed…",Date of stay: June 2007,2.0
4385,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4390-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Excellent...for a price,"Turned up on the day and obtained a walk in rate of 150 pounds (incl breakfast), which seemed typically Hilton, but I've wanted to try this hotel for some time....  Check in staff very pleasant, I asked for a quiet room on a high floor and was placed on floor 7 overlooking the station roof building. May not sound inspiring, but it was silent and perfect after 24 hours of travelling. Front facing rooms have busy Praed St to contend with, which is virtually 24 hours non-stop traffic!!  I found the room to be excellent, with everything I would expect, bathrobes, top class toiletries, large luxurious bed, tea/coffee, bath/shower and room service. I slept undisturbed for 10 hours!  Breakfast was professionally served and there's loads to choose from, very impressed.  Pretty much what…",Date of stay: May 2007,5.0
4386,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4390-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Nice Rooms, Reasonably Priced, Would stay at again!","I stayed at the Hilton Paddington for half a week on a business trip.  The rooms were decently sized and clean.  Beds were good.  I would definitely stay here again if in London.  The hotel is connected to one paddington train station and accross the street from the tube stop.  Very conveniently located.  There is also a starbucks in the hotel and if you go to the train station, some decent food.  I always wondered why people said british food sucks.  After two breakfasts at the hotel, I wholeheartedly agree.  British food is horrible.  Unless you know you like the British breakfast, I recommend you go to Starbuck's or the coffee shop in the train station.  The train station also has a grocery store in it which is great.  My only complaint is the internet charge is around 15…",Date of stay: March 2007,5.0
4387,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4390-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Extension of the station,"Although it's quite smart, you slightly feel as if you are still in the station (which, in fact, you are!) - not quite in London. Standard Hilton operation, all in all rather souless for the price. Lobby and ground floor can be very busy due to people meeting up before travelling. ",Date of stay: May 2007,3.0
4388,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4390-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great room and convenient location,"I am a Hilton Gold VIP HHonors member and they treated us very well. I had to check in very late due to business meetings all day and they remembered to hold my room (until past midnight!) and upgraded me to a suite, as per my status. The bedroom was large, but the LR sofabed did not have linens or a blanket, which was problematic since the room was freezing cold. As always, it is nice to have a bottle of still and a bottle of sparking water -- my fave perks (and quite necessary for a dehydrated frequent traveller). The bathroom was enormous, modern and pretty. Overall, very clean and usable room. I'd definitely stay here again, and wish I had another night or two to spend here. However, it is steep (250GBP a night fora regular room, before upgrade), but I'd be willing to use…",Date of stay: April 2007,5.0
4389,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4390-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Convenient Hotel,"Stayed April 13-16, 2007.  Room was quite large for London standards, bathroom very nice, Crabtree & Evelyn toiletries.    Staff was helpful, except with checkout, when I had to call twice to get a bill, and then the porter, carrying the small paper bill, arrived at our room 3 hours after promised, literally as we were putting our suitcases in the hall to leave at 5 AM.      Additonally the hotel didn't make it clear that the easy access to Paddington station is closed before 6AM, which means you can't get to the first Heathrow Express train from inside the hotel...which is why we chose the hotel in first place. ",Date of stay: April 2007,4.0
4390,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4395-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Exceeded Expectations,"Fantastic location, so convenient to Heathrow Express. Hotel quiet, clean, fantastic restaurant - exceptionally high quality of food and a wonderful new executive lounge with a brilliant breakfast. Staff were wonderful and so helpful. I'm a Hilton Diamond Hhonors member and this is truly one of the best hilton;s on their network. Highly recommend ",Date of stay: April 2007,5.0
4391,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4395-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,We loved the Paddington,"We stayed in the Paddington March 21 -24, 2007.  We had 2 rooms which we had 2 free nights.  Both our rooms were very large and extremely clean.  The entire place was extremely clean.  All the attendents that we came across seemed to go out of their way to be helpful.   The location is so centrally located that it makes life easy.  The Heathrow Express is in the hotel itself as is the underground entrance.     Very pleasant place, we were overly pleased. ",Date of stay: March 2007,5.0
4392,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4395-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Good,"We stayed here for two nights in march 2007. The location in  pretty central connecting to major tube station and to heathrow express. There is even a direct exit inside hotel that connects to the heathrow express.  The rooms are clean and reasonably spacious for european standards. Our rates included dinner buffet, which was not great but would suffice.  The breakfast was good and staff was very friendly. All in all, dont expect too much and you wont be disappointed.  Advantage: Connectivity to tube/train and bus, Friendly Staff Disadvantage: Old carpet, moderate dinner buffet. unimpressive view. ",Date of stay: March 2007,4.0
4393,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4395-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Should be better for the price,"I have returned from 5 nights at the Hilton London Paddington for a series of meetings.   I paid our corporate rate of £169 +VAT.     The hotel itself is very nice, and the location in Paddington Station couldn't be better if you're heading out on the train.  The tube connections are pretty good too.  My room was a fairly standard one, but had a 6ft bed, which had feather everything and was most comfortable.  My problem with the hotel is the prices it charges - I can't think of a single rate for anything, from the room, through breakfast, internet access or minibar which didn't make me wince.   I would expect it to be perfect for the prices it charges, but I was annoyed by the extremely poor quality of the wireless internet - it kept losing the connection and the speed, when it…",Date of stay: March 2007,3.0
4394,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4395-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Enjoyable stay,"Another lovely stay.  The hotel is modern, clean and very pleasant.  Different rates are available and I have found when getting a better rate I received a smaller room.  However, all the rooms are fitted to the same standard of decor.    The hotel is excellently located for travel around London.  And I wouldn't choose to saty anywhere else when travelling in and out of Heathrow airport.   For around $60 you can travel quickly and easily to and from the airport on the Heathrow Express.  Try and get a rate with breakfast included otherwise it costs around $40/person to add it.  It's a lovely breakfast but not for $40.  The hotel is popular for weddings, but besides seeing well dressed guests sweeping through, you would hardly notice they were there.  The bar is usually priced for…",Date of stay: August 2006,4.0
4395,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4400-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Very Happy!!,"This hotel, was real nice. The location is superb, very easy to find and the tubes run to it til nearly midnight. The rooms are a reasonable size and have very good bathrooms. The thing that most suprised me about the room was that it was extremely quiet, which is rare for a london hotel. ",Date of stay: March 2007,4.0
4396,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4400-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Superb service, large room & excellent location","We are a 32 year old couple with a 16 month old toddler.  We stayed at this hotel March 6-10th. First 3 nights were through Hilton HHonors award. After reading several reviews, I wasn't quite sure what to expect since there were some valid customer service complaints on this website.  We chose this hotel due to the location of Paddington Station. Easy access to trains and the Heathrow Express.   I cannot stress how great the customer service of this hotel was from the moment we approached the check-in desk.  We were upgraded to a suite for a price of 30 GBP/night.   Room was very nice - over 600 square feet. Had a separate sitting room with its own bathroom. Queen bed was extremely comfortable. Bathroom was spacious with excellent shower pressure. Minibar had decent amount of…",Date of stay: March 2007,5.0
4397,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4400-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Great Hotel,excellent location","Hotel was fantastic. Our room was very large, aswell as the en suite. It was exceptionally clean, and the staff were also very friendly.  The location couldn't have been better. You can walk to the underground without even having to go outside as the hotel is park of Paddington Train Station, which was also beneficial for getting to Heathrow aswell! Even with this you could not hear the station from the room, which was very quite.  I would definitely recommend this hotel to others ",Date of stay: February 2005,4.0
4398,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4400-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Excellent Hotel. Well worth the price.,"Prepaid the room at an excellent rate - for London. Location at the Paddington Station is great for anyone arriving or departing via Heathrow. Also an excellent business location being on the Rail, Tube and Bus lines. The hotel was clean and the staff was great. Check was fast, but not really friendly. My room was spacious by London standards. The room was also very, very clean. Bathroom actually had enough space to move around in.  Nearby shopping and dining is excellent. Even the food court at the Rail Station was excellent. Hotel itself was peaceful and quiet.  Would definately stay at this location again. ",Date of stay: January 2007,5.0
4399,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4400-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Fantastic location,"Have just returned from a surprise weekend away in London where we stayed in The Hilton in Paddington.  My fiance chose the hotel primarily due to it's location as we didn't have much time after arriving to get across London as we were going to a show - the location couldn't have been better.  We literally stepped off the station platform into a lift and into the hotel  Check in was easy - no fuss, member of staff was training so was a little slow but has to happen.  Our room was a Deluxe room on the 3rd floor and was great - airy, large and comfortable.  It had everything we needed from hairdryer, ice bucket, coffee perculator and we liked the 2 single duvets on the double bed - no fighting for them.    Hotel service was fine - nothing fantastic, but perfectly pleasant.   We…",Date of stay: February 2007,4.0
4400,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4405-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great first stay in London -- Highly recommended,"Wonderful hotel for a young couple looking to explore London.    The location is virtually perfect for commuting -- directly atop both the Paddington national rail (for trips to/from Heathrow) and tube station (to get downtown.)  Also, a few of the city bus lines run past the hotel -- a form of transport we wish we had explored earlier in our stay.  The immediate neighborhood isn't especially noteworthy, though Hyde Park is just a short walk away.    The room was gorgeous and spacious (and we are used to American rooms.)  Well lighted and decorated with very modern fixtures.  No view, but you can't have it all.  It did not come stocked with robes or slippers -- one thing we have come to appreciate -- but they were delivered after a quick call to housekeeping.    Service overall…",Date of stay: January 2007,5.0
4401,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4405-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Fantastic Room,"What a lovely hotel, we have just returned from seeing in the New Year at the London Eye & stayed at the Hilton Paddington. We were a little dubious when we booked as last summer we spent 2 nights at the Hilton Hyde park & it was terrible.  we booked through the Hilton website & dinner on the 1st night as well as breakfast on both mornings was included. Our room was outstanding, with a terrace & picture window on the 5th floor overlooking London, views from the London eye to the Albert hall without going onto the terrace. A large comfortable bed with 2 duvets (stops any fighting) was lovely as we are both over 6ft & with a flat screen TV at the foot of the bed. The bathroom had a bath & seperate shower & was spacious.   Considering the hotel was fully booked & had a large New…",Date of stay: January 2007,4.0
4402,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4405-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,met my purposes,I stayed at the Hilton Paddington for two nights in July of 2006-one night at the beginning of my trip and the other night before returning home.  I choose the hotel based on it's location to Paddington Station.  Check-in is not until 3:00 (I knew this when I booked) and as I arrived at 12:30 from Los Angeles I was a little exhausted.  The front desk stored my luggage and I went walking (always recommented after a long flight to get out the cobwebs).  I felt very safe in the area and I headed straight for Hyde Park.  I did not eat at the hotel or use the mini-bar.  There are nice restuarants in the area and the train station also has food options.  I bought a sandwich and a soda to take to the park for a picnic.  Later I bought milk and fruit from Sainsbury for breakfast. …,Date of stay: July 2006,4.0
4403,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4405-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Expensive for the quality,"Arrived late from the airport, and checked into a small room with queen bed and room for little else.  Ordered a light dinner (soup and salad) from room service and it was quite good.  Rooms are highly variable - I have had much better - in this hotel with those on lower floors being better than those on the upper floors.  Lttle needs to be said of the location: excellent.  Three or four subway lines have direct access; the Paddington Express takes 15 minutes or so to the airport; and the Great First Western Railroad offers access to Southwest England and sourthern Wales.  None of the subway lines are handicapped accessible, hower.  My computer died on my first night there; don't know if from a power surge.  So, I had to use the business center for Internet access - at an…",Date of stay: December 2006,3.0
4404,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4405-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Quality,"Stayed here for two nights with my dad as part of a Christmas shopping trip. While the rack rate seems expensive at GBP240 per room per night we got a deal on the Hilton website for GBP104 per room per night which included dinner on the first night and breakfast both days. Staff at reception were friendly and our standard rooms on the fourth floor were fine. Modern decor, nice simple bed linen and marble bathrooms. Our rooms were fairly generously sized and included the usual tea/coffee making facilities, an ironing board etc and Scottish shortbread.  At this price for London near Christmas I don't want to pick too many faults other than the drinks were very expensive and as usual a can of Coke from minibar cost GBP4. Other than that was fairly impressed and would stay again.…",Date of stay: December 2006,4.0
4405,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4410-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Paddington is good for business, not much else","Clean rooms with a nice hardwood floor.  The surprise was the size, you can nearly shower, brush your teeth, watch TV and use the computer all from the bed.  Tiny doesn't begin to describe the size of the rooms!  Very friendly service and helpful concierge (for directions at least).  The bar was hopping both nights.  Complimentary breakfast was superb and tasty. ",Date of stay: October 2006,3.0
4406,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4410-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Great location, so-so service, and expensive","Stayed two nights at the end of November 2006.  Pros:  Great location, just steps from Paddington Station from Heathrow Express and Tube, no need to even go outside to get to hotel.  Bus stops right outside the front door.  Allowed us to check-in by 10 am when room was available.  Hilton Honors Gold Card allowed upgrade to deluxe room (though same as normal room except a bit bigger) and free breakfast.  Room deco was nice and modern with comfortable bed.  Cons:   Service quite robotic and careless.  We booked under two different rates to due one weekday (165 pounds +tax) and one weekend rate (100 pounds + tax), and we had to have the key reset at the front desk on the second day.  My key did not work for the gym or the Executive Lounge (access limited to Gold members) and had to…",Date of stay: November 2006,3.0
4407,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4410-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,A 2 Star Hotel Under a 4 Star Facade!,"The hotel has a great location in London if you need quick access to Heathrow by train. You could survive a night in this place, but I wouldn't reccomend any longer!  The room was for the most part comfortable, spacious and modern. This hotel's downfall is its absolutely horrible staff. They are robotic, as a previous reviewer stated, and they could care less about your comfort or about your stay. My fiancee and I needed to print our boarding passes from their business center but their business center requires you to go downstairs to purchase a timecard in certain increments. They told us they were out of 15 minute timecards and therefore we would HAVE to purchase more time that we didn't need or we wouldn't be able to print our boarding passes! I went to the Concierge desk and…",Date of stay: October 2006,1.0
4408,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4410-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Would you spend $400/night for this?,"We chose this hotel entirely based on its location.   The reception staff and concierge were robotic and aloof at best.    I've provided photographs of our room because otherwise no one would believe it!  Stained walls, hole in bed linens, mulitple stains on carpeting, peeling veneer on mirror frame, rusting soap dish and unusable writing instrument.  Between 11:30 and 12:30 at night it sounded like someone above our room was dragging furniture across a hard floor. After my husband reported this to the front desk, the noise changed from a dragging noise to a noise that sounded like they were now picking up the furniture and plopping it down on the floor. I assume they were cleaning up after a large wedding reception that had taken place earliier in the evening.  While at…",Date of stay: October 2006,1.0
4409,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4410-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Good base in central London,Recently stayed in this hotel for a few nights over a busy October weekend (schools half term holidays) and its ease of access to the underground plus an amazingly cheap lastminute deal sealed it for me.  I thought the twin room was bigger than average for central london & each bed was closer to double than single.  The hotel also checked us in a few hours ahead of normal time which was helpful.  The reception area is attractive & the room was clean & bright & fairly quiet - marble bathroom larger than many with nice Crabtree & evelyn freebies . Plus for once it's good to find a hotel mini bar which leaves some refrigerated space for own use!  We looked onto London Street & one of the exits from Paddington mainline station (not picturesque) but still fairly quiet although on the…,Date of stay: October 2006,4.0
4410,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4415-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great Hotel,"I booked using lastminute.com and got a great deal.  The staffs were all very professional and friendly. I found the hotel to be very clean and modern.   The bedrooms were great and most comfortable.   They only downside was the cost of drinks and snacks from the mini bar  £4.50 for a can of Coke £4.50 for a Mars Bar  Both seem a little excessive, but other than that I would recommend it to stay in London, especially if you’re travelling to Heathrow or the South West. With the tube right next to the hotel you can really ask for more. ",Date of stay: October 2006,4.0
4411,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4415-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Still above average,"I stayed here right when it re-opened as a Hilton in 2002 and finally again this week (Oct 23-25, 2006).  It is definitely convenient for travel to Heathrow, with the tube, taxis, and the Heathrow Express right at your door step.  It is also nice as you have several lower cost food options right at Paddington as well, with Sainsburys, M&S, several restaurants and even fast food right there.      There was one drawback on this trip - I am a Hhonors Gold card holder and enjoy using the lounges for breakfast and dessert/drinks in the evening.  The former lounge, which was quite nice, is now a casino (which brings a rougher crowd into the hotel).  The new, temporary lounge, is packed into a small room, has limited hours and no longer serves breakfast.  The pictures below are of an…",Date of stay: October 2006,4.0
4412,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4415-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great art deco hotel,"Stayed the one night in this charming little boutique-like hotel. It is located at London's Paddington railway terminus and right from the start to the finish of our stay, we were happy with our time there. The hotel itself is small which makes for an interesting contrast to the Hilton London Metropole hotel just half a mile up the road. The room (exec floor) was excellent. Small, but of high standard, and the bathroom nice and inviting. The exec floor lounge is basically a window-less room (not that inviting) but is nevertheless open 24 hours a day (you use your keycard to gain entry) which was great for that 3am drink before heading to bed. Breakfast was fantastic, they even had porridge with a shot of whisky to give you that kick start! All in all, it is a compact Hilton…",Date of stay: August 2006,4.0
4413,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4415-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Excellent Hotel...,"The location of this hotel is excellent - right above the station makes arrival and checking in a  breeze.  The only part of the hotel that I found to be a bit out-dated were the hotel corridors - every other part seemed modern enough to me.   The room (4th floor - standard double) was excellent.  Loads of room, very comfortable bed and big, modern bathroom. Paid in advance for the breakfast the next morning and that too was well worth it.  Overall, I would definitely stay here again.  In my opinion, a great hotel, with excellent access to the underground and mainline train networks. ",Date of stay: October 2006,5.0
4414,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4415-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Fantastic location but hotel is old,"The hotel is in a very convenient location, right above the station for the Heatrow Express, so for businessmen like myself it's great. However rooms, like elsewhere in London, are old, even on the executive floor where I was staying. Bathrooms are old, and overall the hotel is stuck in the seventies with moquette everywhere and pretty oldish furniture. I might return but just for its convenience, not for the hotel. ",Date of stay: September 2006,3.0
4415,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4420-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Location good, drinks expensive","We stayed at the hotel for 2 nights on 25th and 26th August 2006.We found the reception staff not very welcoming and they would not even speak to us let alone let us check in until after 3pm. The room was good when we eventually got it and the location of the hotel is good for travellers coming from Heathrow or the west of the country, because it is attached by a walkway to paddington train station. There is nowhere to sit downstairs in the hotel because the reception come lounge area is also the bar and they do not like it if you just sit there even for 2 minutes without buying a drink which the prices I might add were not cheap £ 5.00 for a cup of coffee and £9.00 for 2 diet cokes??? Buy in Boots Sainburys or Starbucks downstairs if you want a drink. In the evening they even…",Date of stay: August 2006,4.0
4416,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4420-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,brilliant,Stayed for 3 nights and no complaints at all. Opposite the circle line and on the bus route if you need transprt or a very enjoyable 20 min walk to marble arch. Rooms are big and bathroom as you would expecty for a hilton. No Noise at all from paddington station even though we looked over it. Area around the hotel is good with resteraunts and cafes and bars and not that far from Queensway with even more nigth life. Loved it and would deffinitly stay again ,Date of stay: August 2006,4.0
4417,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4420-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great location,"Stayed here 3 nights in August 2006 - great staff, rooms, and breakfast. Be sure to get it included in your room rate - its 20 GBP each but it is very robust.  I am a Hiilton Silver member but the clerk upgraded us to Gold so we got free breakfast, upgraded room, as well as the free happy hour and appetzers each night. as well as Internet.  Great location Its right at the metro station and the Heathrow Express. The Big Red Bus Tours stops right across the street and its close to many pubs etc... ",Date of stay: August 2006,4.0
4418,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4420-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Perfect Stay,"EXCELLENT. Air Conditioning worked perfectly. A quality hilton experience. All the aminities you would expect. Great location. Directly above Paddington station with the Heathrow express (15 minute express train to the airport.) Our room included free dinner the first night and breakfast. Breakfast was worth it, but I would pass on the dinner next time. Family friendly. Poor gym and no pool. This is a central location and definately an excellent place if you want easy access to the heathrow terminals (I really dislike staying at the Heathrow airports - this is my new better option for overnights in london) ",Date of stay: August 2006,5.0
4419,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4420-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great Quick-Stay!,"The goal:  See London in three days. Did the hotel help me achieve my mission?  Yes.  From California, trying to schedule a quick, self-guided London tour was more challenging than relaized.  But thank God I chose this hotel, who made my trip a success.  I let a travel agent suggest this hotel, as I was simply looking for a Hilton in London.  Once booked (through Hilton HHonors), I e-mailed the staff to see how best to get from Heathrow to the hotel.  Within 24 hours they e-mailed back with suggestions for the Underground and the Express.  Upon arriving, I was a little turned around on what to catch from where, but once that was settled, I stepped off the Express and made a quick right, right into the Hilton London Paddignton (literally a door away).  I arrived too early to…",None,5.0
4420,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4425-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,NIce,Stayed for two nights. A very nice and modern hotel with a lovely big bathroom. ,Date of stay: July 2006,4.0
4421,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4425-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Very Enjoyable,"I stayed at the Paddington Hilton for 4 nights in July. The outside temperature was 97 – the hottest ever recorded in London – and the hotel air-conditioning was fantastic. The room was a good size, cool and quiet. View of train station – not much to look at, but exceedingly quiet. Location is fantastic – very convenient to all transportation. Good assortment of shops and restaurants nearby. Hotel breakfast was included in the price, and very plentiful. ",Date of stay: July 2006,4.0
4422,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4425-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Seriously lacking in basics...,"For example, the claimed air conditioning apparantly does not include cooling. Our room never got below 73-74 F. Managemnt promised to fix it, but it never happened. We surveyed other guests, and they all complained of too warm rooms. The renovation in 2002 apparantly did not include replacing the mattresses. Our mattress was worn, stained, and the springs poked out the top. When I mentioned this to the front desk, they were quick to replace it. Unfortunately, the replacement wasn't any better. I ended up padding it with a blanket. The TV reception was so bad we couldn't even check the weather forecast in the morning. We asked for a quiet room and were placed on the first floor overlooking the street and over the disco. When we inquired about a different room, we were told the…",Date of stay: June 2006,2.0
4423,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4425-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great convenience for a short stay,"We spent one night at the Hilton Paddington when we returned to London for our flight home the next day.  It was a perfect choice in that situation, although there are much better places to stay if you're going to be spending more than a night or two.  We were only in town for about 24 hours and wanted someplace clean, comfortable, and easy to get to & from Heathrow.  This place is like staying at an airport hotel only better - you don't even have to leave the terminal at either end, just jump on the Express train and you're there. And yet, you are in central London and have easy access to the Tube, so in one afternoon/evening we were able to get last-minute theatre tickets, have a fabulous dinner (Veeraswamy on Regent Street!) and see a show. The rooms are very modern, with…",Date of stay: July 2006,3.0
4424,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4425-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Good Location, Bad Service at the restaurant, OK service at the Front Desk","We stayed at this hotel from July 1st to July 4th. We had the same problem as the previous reviewer.  The air conditioning didnt work in the 1st night so the room was 27c. We went back to the hotel after a night out at 2am and the front desk offered us to move to a different room, a small room but with double height ceiling and the air conditioning works very well. I figured out why at the end. This smaller room is on the 1/F where the conference/function rooms are. At night, there are no function in the conference/function rooms so the hotel rooms on this floor have enough cool air. Then the next day, the front desk offered me a bigger room on the 5/F. For some reasons, the air coming out from the outlet were cool air but the room seems not being able to get cold. The executive…",Date of stay: July 2006,3.0
4425,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4430-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Don't go when its warm,"We stayed here in mid June when it was very warm in London.  No problem we thought, Climate Control in every room!  Yes there is, but it doesn't work.  Our room was 24C on the first night and 23C on the second, and thats with the setting at the minimum on our controller.  Opening the windows was not an option.  The hotel management were useless, sending people up to our room at 01.00 to check that I was capable of turning the switch correctly but able to do nothing.  Next day they offered an alternative room which was smaller but just as warm.  I complained whilst we were there and once we got home but we received a standard bland apology which I do not consider adequate recompense for 2 days and nights of discomfort.  Other than the heat, the hotel is nice but the food is…",Date of stay: June 2006,2.0
4426,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4430-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Be Careful!,"My wife and I stayed at the Paddington Hilton from the 28th to the 30th April 2006. The hotel itself was what we were expecting, the room was spotless and the location really conventient. When I booked online the description of our package stated that the price included room, breakfast and dinner on the first night of our stay. When I received an email confirmation it said ""Room Only"" which came as a suprise. When we checked in I asked the receptionist if breakfast and dinner on the first night was included, she said that breakfast wasn't included but dinner was. Taking advantage of this my wife and I stayed in the hotel for dinner on the first night of our stay. Upon checking out we were informed that dinner would be charged to our credit card. I informed the receptionist that…",Date of stay: April 2006,2.0
4427,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4430-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great Location Just Steps From the Heathrow Express!,"My wife and I spent four nights at this Hilton property last month.  The hotel was not built as a Hilton and has only carried the Hilton name (as a franchise hotel) since 2002 or 2003.   At the outset, it's hard to argue with the evident convenience of the hotel's location, which is adjacent to the London Paddington train/underground sdtation.  We took the Heathrow Express into London, and were literally in the hotel and checked in less than five minutes after we walked off the train.    Our room was fairly large (as rooms in London go) and consisted of a two-room suite with a living room/meeting room, a large bedroom with a ""real"" king-size bed, and a bath and another half bath.  Our room was on the inside of the hotel so our windows faced into a courtyard, which was fine with…",Date of stay: May 2006,4.0
4428,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4430-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Much better than expected!,"Considering the small, expensive hotels in London, this hotel was much better than expected. Very spacious and quiet. Could not hear the noises of other people in the hall, other doors slamming or the traffic outside. Every room has each own climate control. Very convenient to the tube, right across the street. Also, very convenient to lots of restaurants (including some well known: Subway, Burger King, etc.). But, also lots of pubs within very short walking distance. It's a good thing so many restaurants are so close because the hotel retaurant is a huge rip off! Paddington rail station is under the hotel along with a drug store, two small grocery stores and a few of restaurants. Starbucks is also in the hotel. Everything that you could need right at your fingertips with this…",Date of stay: May 2006,4.0
4429,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4430-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Fantastic,"My partner and I stayed here for 5 nights at the end of May. We came off the Heathrow Express and took the escalator up to the Hilton lobby. Reception was very pleasant and no waiting. It was still before noon but our room was ready for us. I showed my Hilton Honors and was upgraded to a Delux Double on the 2nd floor. We were amazed when we saw the room because we have been to Europe several times. There was a King Size bedd, desk with chair, two chairs at a small table, and a dinette table with 4 chairs. The dinette table came in very handy for eating. Bath room was also good size and with all the amenities. Could not complain about anything. We used wake-up calls on 3 mornings and these were right on time.  The stores at the station a few yards away were very useful. One was…",Date of stay: May 2006,5.0
4430,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4435-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Just ok,Stayed here on business in May 06.  The main plus point is the accessibility from Paddington Station (it is more or less in the station with a door leading you straight to trains).    The miunus were that the room I was given was rather small and the prices for the room were rather steep.  Would not stay here unles the company was paying.  Breakfast is good however. ,Date of stay: May 2006,3.0
4431,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4435-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Fabulous Hotel,I have just spent the weekend at this hotel and had a wonderful time. The room was spacious and exceptionally clean. All the staff we encountered were friendly and helpful - lots of smiles! The location was just fabulous directly across the street from the underground and the Paddington concourse offered a whole load of snack options at any time from breakfast to supper. We found a great rate on lastminute.com and without a doubt will not look to stay at any other hotel when we next visit London and we will be recommending it to our friends. ,Date of stay: May 2006,4.0
4432,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4435-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Thefts at the property,"Be forewarned. My wife and I checked out this morning after a three night stay at this property. On Sunday 30-APR afternoon (most likely between 2pm and 6pm), upwards of six individual rooms were broken into. There were no signs of forced entry. The consistent theme of all of the thefts were that laptops, digital cameras and mobile phones were taken, everything else was ignored. We know this because we spoke to several of the other victims in the hotel lobby. We lost a laptop and a mobile phone.  The worst part is not the theft. While that sucks, there will always be criminals. I'm out quite a bit of work and a few irreplaceable items, but there is nothing I can do about that. The worst part was the conduct of the front desk hotel staff (from the Duty Manager to the people…",Date of stay: April 2006,2.0
4433,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4435-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"great location, decent hotel",Great location as it is adjacent to paddngton station and the underground (tube).  Easy to get to/from LHR via Heathrow Express which runs every 15 minutes.  Room was average for a business hotel. Very clean. Would stay there again primarily due to location. ,Date of stay: April 2006,4.0
4434,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4435-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Not recommended,"The really disappointing part of staying in this hotel was that there was no hot water on the first morning of our stay.  This seems quite inconceivable for such an expensive hotel.  Apparently, we found out weeks afterwards in a letter from the manager, there were problems with burst pipes.  However, information on the day itself was very sparse and we just kept being told that the hot water would be on soon, which it never was.  Also, beware of using the quick checkout system as, instead of being charged simply a tray charge for breakfast in the room (breakfast was included in the tariff), we were overcharged nearly £40!  We were compsensated slightly for the inconvenience after writing a letter of complaint but it didn't make up for the inconvenience and loss of a morning due…",Date of stay: March 2006,2.0
4435,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4440-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Not what I expected,"I spent four nights and five days at this hotel, over a weekend. I am a Hilton Honors Diamond card holder. I prepaid for the room in order to lower my costs and the room grade was a ""King Junior Suite"" with king-size bed. The description also said that this was a larger room and had a day-bed in this suite as well, with a larger bath and shower. I am a US citizen so I am always surprised by how small the European hotel rooms are, and this was no exception. First we got into the room  (nonsmoking, 3rd floor) and discovered a double bed, not a king size by any means (my queen at home is larger). Next I would never call this a ""suite"", it was a little longer than the typical small European hotel room with a small table and two chairs but no daybed. I went back down to the front…",Date of stay: April 2006,2.0
4436,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4440-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great Hotel,"My best friend and I made our first trip to London last weekend.  We stayed at the Hilton Paddington and it was fabulos.  I always thought of European hotel rooms as being small, and although it wasn't huge, the room was a resonable size.  The hotel was centered right off the tube station and right near great shops and places to eat.  I would stay here again.  My only complaint is that I had to sleep in a twin bed.  Other than that it was great. ",Date of stay: April 2006,5.0
4437,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4440-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great hotel and great location,"Stayed there for a week (8 days actually) - nothing to say, just good things. We got an upgrade without asking, apparently 8 days stay helped. Service was great, room was impecable. A few things to wish for: free Internet (for this kind of money they can throw it in!) and get rid of automatically charging mini-bar. You touch anything there - it appears on a bill. They removed the charges without a word though. Location is just absolutely fantastic, arrive from Heathrow and you are already there. 10 minutes from attractions and a bunch of good places to eat around. Loved ""Dicken's Tavern"" - nice pub with good simple food served until 9 pm, which is rare. ",Date of stay: April 2006,4.0
4438,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4440-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Great Value, Great Location","My wife and I came across this hotel as we were searching for somewhere reasonably priced in London (hah!) for a first anniversary trip.  We got an excellent deal for airfare and hotel from an on-line bidding site for this hotel.  The hotel was very modern and clean.  The staff were helpful, albeit not overly friendly.  Our room was great and actually BIGGER than we expected a European hotel room to be.  Although the hotel is not in the heart of the tourist area, we found it EXTREMELY convenient to be right on the underground stop at Paddington Station and to have all of the markets/facilities near us that come with a big station like that.  We found a couple of OK restaurants in the area and found that it was only a short walk to Hyde Park from the hotel.  While our overall…",Date of stay: April 2006,5.0
4439,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4440-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,A detailed review of the Hilton London Paddington,"After arriving in Euston station I joined the ticket queue and purchased 3 all day travel cards for the tube, trains and busses. This comes to around £4.90 a ticket which I think is great value for unlimited transport!  I walked down to Euston square tube station where you can get the circle line directly to the Hilton London Paddington. The hotel itself is connected to the train station via a little bridge that leads straight to a Starbucks and the hotel reception. Check in was swift and as I’m a member of the HHonours scheme, I was upgraded to a superior room.  This hotel is smart. It’s been recently refurbished and the whole place is spotlessly clean. The staff are efficient and very pleasant and you can tell they are experienced. The rooms are very spacious and well equipped…",Date of stay: April 2006,4.0
4440,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4445-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Good hotel near the centre of town,"Booked the hotel through Last Minute and paid £107 for a standard double for 2 adults for a 2 night stay.  I booked a no smoking room but on arrival there were none available so they upgraded us to a non smoking deluxe double.  We thought it were strange that they give you an ashtray and matches in a non smoking room so we checked with reception.  Apparently all rooms are smoking / non smoking so housekeeping must have forgotten to remove the ashtray!  Hotel itself was very good and well looked after.  Room was spacious, clean and well equipped.  Double bed was a bit strange... We soon realised that it wasn't actually a double, it was two singles pushed together.  The Paddington Hilton have a strange idea of bed linen too - a double bed with two single duvet covers.  Two pieces…",Date of stay: April 2006,4.0
4441,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4445-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Just off the Tube station - Paddington,"You walk out of the Paddington Tube station and it is right there.  That is the BIG plus of this hotel.  Also it has the Heathrow Express to get you to the airport quick.  We booked through Priceline - NO BREAKFAST.  Don't be fooled, we were.  Could not open the windows, stuffy and the airconditioning wouldn't come on.  The room was big, beds were great with down comforters, nice touch.  A lovely bar with coffee pot and tea with biscuits.  Nice soap, shampoo & conditioner containers, upscale touch.  Train Station almost in the lobby, with a Starbucks.  Good place to stay. ",Date of stay: April 2006,5.0
4442,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4445-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Fantastic,"We booked the hotel through last minute and got it for a steal at 50 pounds a night.  We expected to be put in a horrible room, but had a very large room (for London especially) with a great bathroom.  The mattress on the bed could have been slightly more comfortable, but really everything else was astounding.  Fantastic location, best hotel i've ever stayed in in London. ",Date of stay: April 2006,5.0
4443,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4445-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Usually great, but this time a real dissapointment","The first thing I'd like to say is that myself and my partner have stayed at this hotel several times and have always had a good experience.  However, this time we're giving it a low grade due to the following.  When we arrived at the hotel (we were in room 120), we found that our double bed had been 'made' (and I use the term loosely) with two single duvets instead of the usual double duvet (see the attached photo).  We called the front desk to complain (politely I might add as we decided to give them the benefit of the doubt etc) and the duty customer service manager was dispatched to our room.  When he arrived, we were told that this kind of set-up was 'standard' for Hilton hotels, which we know from experience is wrong.  When we said that, we were asked ""Oh, well have you…",Date of stay: April 2005,2.0
4444,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4445-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Will stay here again next time in London,Fantastic - lovely large room and bathroom (had just booked a standard room so assume this is what it was) done in an art deco style. Got a great deal of £65 per night on Lastminute excluding breakfast which for London seems pretty good. We had asked for a quiet room when booking and did not get bothered by any street noise - we were on the 5th floor at the back. The best thing about this place is the location - right at Paddington Station which you can get into through the hotel foyer. This made our travel around London so easy. Can't say much about the service as we didn't really need any assistance but didn't have any problems with it. The only blot on the stay was a false fire alarm early on Saturday morning which was a somewhat harsh awakening but on the upside at least it…,Date of stay: March 2006,5.0
4445,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4450-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Happy at the Hilton,"Stayed for a couple of nights booked through last minute dot com at a bargin rate of 107 pounds, 2 nights in delux double. Spacious room, clean and hotel in good location for public transport (tube lines and heathrow express on door step). Staff were all friendly and helpful.  Only complaints lack of hot water one morning and prices for bar snacks (9 quid for a cheese sandwich!?).   Garfunkels restuarant just a few steps nearby hotel for breakfast etc. should you prefer not to pay hotel prices.  Other than that, pretty well what you might expect from a major chain in a major city and would recommend as a good location in particular for those wishing to stay in london who require hassle free links to heathrow. ",Date of stay: March 2006,4.0
4446,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4450-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Fantasitc""","Got this hotel thanks to Lastminute £59.74 for one night! Excellent 4star hotel. Very clean, friendly hotel. A Lot to offer us on our day outin london and stop over! We also visited Dover Street Restaurant in Mayfair, Fantastic experience ! We saw how the other half lived on this trip! Thank you Hilton Paddington for our great stay! ",Date of stay: March 2006,5.0
4447,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4450-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Housekeeping & HSIA require attention,"An average experience for London, would expect more from a hotel which charges £180 for a nights stay. Cracked basin in washroom, bandaid not cleaned away off the bath, shower had missing fixing cover - question housekeeping checks.  No internet service guide or cables so service not used, I did not want to log on to find pricing nor contact front desk. Bed comfortable and in-room facilities ok - unlikely to return sorry, London has alternatives ",Date of stay: February 2006,2.0
4448,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4450-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Good London Hotel,"Stayed here for a weekend in February. Booked the 2 night B&B special with Dinner on the first night (£200 for 2 of us).  Rooms are a good size for London, very high ceiling. Plenty of TV channels but mostly foreign. Perfect Location for sight-seeing. Paddington Tube Station - Praed Street entrance is opposite the hotel entrance. There is also an entrance directly to the train station. Breakfast was amazing, if a little busy. Dinner was a 3 course buffet with plenty of meat/seafood offerings. Plenty of choice.  Only 2 negatives  Check in - Staff were just down right rude. No other way of describing them. Bar prices - Pint of Lager and a white wine with soda were £12.50  Would stay again (but wouldnt drink here)",Date of stay: February 2006,4.0
4449,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4450-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Good, convienient hotel","As said in many other reviews, the location of the hotel could not be better, hop of the train and into the hotel lobby.   The Reception area is small but nicely decorated, with doors leading of to the bar and restaurant. Check in was fairly swift, the only thing that annoyed me was that the receptionist told me I could not use my HH Blue card because I purchased the rate elsewhere not through Hilton. But on check out, I gave my card to another receptionist, who put my number on their systems without the bat of an eyelid.  Saying that, the rest of our one night stay was pleasant. My room (214) was a good size, even for Hilton, whose standard rooms are usually tiny throughout. Amenities include a coffee machine, tea and coffee, and the usual overpriced mini bar. There was a…",Date of stay: February 2006,4.0
4450,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4455-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Best located,"The Hilton London Paddington is best located being directly attached to Paddington Station from where not only the Heathrow Express and other trains, but several tube lines and lots of buses leave as well. The Hotel is pretty much what one expects from a Hilton. However, I thought the room I got was very spacious considering being in London. Staff was friendly and helpful, but not above average.  I will definitely book this hotel again, when I go back to London for a private stay. ",Date of stay: January 2006,4.0
4451,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4455-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great choice,"If you are coming in from Heathrow, can't think of a more convenient location.  Express train and up one floor to your hotel.  We got in our room early and found it roomy (by Europeon standards) and clean.  Coffee,tea and shortbread cookies were kept stocked and the space in the mini fridge for your own stuff was nice.  Bathroom was really good size.  Staff was good.  One concierge paid no attention to our request for an upscale Italian or French restaurant and booked us into an English restaurant.  When we brought it to the attention of another concierge (Mike), he got us into the #2 French restaurant in London.  Great meal!!  We are also HHonor members so we had breakfast every morning included.  Never did see our newspaper but we never complained about it either.  Only…",Date of stay: December 2005,4.0
4452,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4455-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Heathrow Hotel in London City,"We decided to stay at Hilton London Paddington on our way back home from Edinburgh.  We wanted to spend a day in London (stopover) and because of an early flight out of Heathrow the next day needed a hotel close to the airport.  After looking around and exploring options, we decided that Hilton Paddington was the best choice since it is only 15 minutes to Terminal 1 by Heathrow Express and the station is really only 30 feet away.  Since we arrived to London on the Boxing Day there were not too many new guests Arriving and the city/hotel were half asleep, so we did not have any problems checking in.  On the outside the hotel looks very modern and cool but inside it is a little different.  We booked a Junior Suite (really cheap advance purchase rate for this period when no…",Date of stay: December 2005,4.0
4453,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4455-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Early flight to Heathrow?,"The quickest way to Heathrow is by the train called Heathrow Express, which leaves from Paddington Station every 15 minutes all day long (14 pounds one way).  This Hilton is connected to the station.  There's no reason to stay here unless you have an early flight to Heathrow in which case it's very convenient.  The area is a little scary for a block or two surrounding the station.  Our room was not ready when we arrived at 3:00 (which is check-in time by the way) so we went across the street to a nice looking ""Angus steak house"" (pretty good steak, kind of like a Sizzler) to wait and have an early dinner.  There are semi-homeless looking men who seem to mill around the area.  One man came into the restaurant, the hostess asked him to wait to be seated when he suddenly began to…",None,1.0
4454,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4455-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Unpleasant stay, awful service","This was my third stay at this hotel, my second as a Hilton HHonours Gold. Although as a Gold member I'm supposed to be upgraded to the Executive Level and they had multiple rooms available according to their web-site (the number of available rooms actually increased during my stay) they refused to upgrade me and constantly lied about what rooms they had available. One of the managers even remarked very sarcastically something like ""You expect a suite just because you complain"".  Also I did not get my newspaper on the first day, one of the few guests that didn't as there were, literally, dozens of them all over the floor that morning. Another problem was I had booked a rate with a pre-paid diner on my first night, because I would not be able to eat at the hotel on that day I…",Date of stay: May 2005,1.0
4455,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4460-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Excellent hotel, definitely 4 stars","We have just spent two nights at the Hilton Paddington, at GBP99 per night including three course buffet meal on the first night and full breakfast buffet on both mornings. We've stayed in many supposedly 4 star hotels, only to end up in a 2 star room because we paid a lower price (false advertising in my opinion). This was definitely 4 stars, in every way.  The location of the hotel is great, being on the Bakerloo line for direct access to Oxford Circus and beyond, and on the District/Circle line for just about anywhere else. There are also various facilities in Paddington station, including a Sainsburys which is open until midnight.  The room itself was great, we had a regular room on the 4th floor and even with a baby cot in there we had plenty of room for our two year old to…",Date of stay: December 2005,5.0
4456,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4460-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,No Early Checkin,This is my 2nd stay at this hotel. Great location as connected to Paddington station thus a short Heathrow Express train ride away from the airport. The only downside was a requested early checkin was not honoured.  After a long transatlantic flight with little sleep this was annoying at best. Beware of waiting in the lounge for your room to be prepared. The waiter kept asking if I was a guest of the hotel and implied that I should purchase something for the privelege of sitting on their lounge. I moved to the Starbucks outside the hotel door to avoid further harrassment. ,Date of stay: November 2005,3.0
4457,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4460-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Nice Hotel - shame about the cooking smells,"This hotel has been totally renovated in recent years. The end result looks great - but our 2 night stay was spoilt by the smell of cooking which seems to pervade most of the hotel. In our room, with the airconditioning fan switched off, the smell of fried or grilled food seemed to be blown in from one of the ceiling vents. Only with the fan on ""full"", which was very noisy, did the smells just about go away.  The open plan reception, bar and restaurant area was also unpleasantly smelly. We  would not consider staying there again unless the problem with the cooking smells was properly fixed.",Date of stay: November 2005,2.0
4458,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4460-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Lovely hotel in perfect location,"Have just returned from a 2 night Hilton break booked on their website.  This is our second stay at this hotel and once again we have not been disappointed.  The location is superb as is the hotel and everything that goes with it.  Be prepared for a melt down when staying though.  This is the hottest hotel we have ever stayed in, temperature wise.  We had to turn the air con off and open the windows as much as we could, even keeping them open all night and this was November!  The air con did nothing to cool the room down.  Basic rooms are relatively small, but in London you tend to spend very little time in them.  We used the restaurant for all meals and enjoyed a wide selection of very good quality food.  Take the bus to Campden Town from the taxi rank.  This is an experience…",Date of stay: November 2005,5.0
4459,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4460-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,What a great Hotel!,Simply a Great Hotel for business and pleasure. I have stayed here several times and staff is just so attentive. Wireless internet trhoughout the hotel works fine and prices for this service are reasonable. Roomrates are high but service is outstanding.  I would recommend this hotel as it is so close to the airport via the trainlink and still in the middle of town. ,Date of stay: October 2005,5.0
4460,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4465-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,checked out 2 days early and in the future will avoid this place like the plague,"I stayed in the Paddington Hilton in February of this year.  While I was originally scheduled to stay there for 4 days, I checked out after only 2 due to unacceptable service.  Especially given the GBP 220 per night charge. Adding insult to injury, after a bit of research I found that several far superior hotels were charging less than that during the same period (e.g. The Dorchester).  But getting back to the Paddington Hilton:  It's true that the room was relatively large, however the bathroom was only average.  Furthermore, while I had reserved an Executive room, which promised a walk-in shower, the room I was in was neither on the executive floor, nor did it have a separate shower.  Trivial details to be sure, however I was paying for those features and did not receive them.…",Date of stay: February 2005,2.0
4461,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4465-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Fantastic hotel when traveling through Heathrow,"I spent one night at this hotel on my way back to the States from Italy.  The location couldn't be more convenient to Heathrow -- you walk out of the lobby into Paddington Station, take the elevator down, hop on the Express, and 15 minutes later, you're at the airport.  The room itself was modern, spacious, well-apportioned, and comfortable.  I would definitely stay here again. ",Date of stay: October 2005,4.0
4462,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4465-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,The Hilton London Paddington was Great!,"I recently stayed at the Hilton Paddington and had a great stay.  We stayed four nights at 108.00 BP per night, which is a steal for this type of hotel in London. The location is perfect for getting around the city and beyond with underground and long distance trains just steps away at Paddington station. Being a Hilton Honors member got us upgraded to a nicer room and it gave us access to the Honors lounge, which offered free breakfast and high speed internet access. We flew into Gatwick and took the Gatwick Express to Victoria Station and changed there for the Tube for a quick ride to Paddington station. The only negative was the restaurant suggestion by the concierge. We ate at an indian restaurant named ""Jamuna"".  Don't eat there!! We were severely price gouged. $266.00 usd…",None,4.0
4463,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4465-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Average,"this hotel is engulfed by strong smell from the kitchens at all times, even the rooms smell of fried food. Cleanliness was ok, Air conditioning was pathetic, the bar closed early and woudnt re -open for residents. Average ",Date of stay: October 2005,2.0
4464,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4465-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Staying at the hilton Paddington Station,"Stayed at the Hilton Paddington Station.  This spring, last week of April.  It is a lovely hotel.  There was construction going on outside of our hotel window and we were concerned about a problem but there wasn't any.  It is convienently located in town and we picked up the double decker tour which was within 2 blocks.  It was a good choice as we had the tube & rail station a doorway away.  The beds were comfortable and we had connecting rooms so our daughters were close by.  I would recommend the hilton as the conciege was very informative and held our bags.  We felt very relaxed and confortable there ",None,4.0
4465,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4470-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Absolutely wonderful!!!,"We had a really wonderful stay at the Hilton Paddington.  The location simply could not be better - since it is attached to the railway station and just across from the underground, you can get anywhere in London within minutes, and yet there is no noise in the room from the trains.  The proximity to the station was also so convenient because there were plenty of places to eat in the station as well as a Starbucks and two grocery stores.  The hotel was so comfortable and accomodating.  Each floor has an ice machine (a rarity in Britain!) and a shoeshine machine.  In each room is a minibar fridge which actually has a small empty space ""for your personal use"" which came in very handy.  There were even complimentary bottles of sparkling and still water.  The room was large, quiet,…",Date of stay: September 2005,5.0
4466,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4470-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great Location and Comfortable Rooms,"My boyfriend and I stayed at the Hilton Paddington last week and it really was one of the smartest things we have ever done. After traveling from the states and arriving at Heathrow around 11 pm, we took the fabulous Heathrow Express (15 minutes) to Paddington Station. Exited the train and took one escalator and we were at the hotel!  All of the employees of the hotel that we had contact with were friendly, accomodating and helpful.  The room was large and very modern and up to date.  We had reserved a non-smoking room but none were available upon check in. Reluctantly, we took the smoking room but suprisingly it smelled fine with no smoke residue.  The hotel is located in a neighborhood where it's possible to get a meal at reasonable prices and breakfast around the corner at…",Date of stay: September 2005,5.0
4467,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4470-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great Stay at the Hilton Paddington!,"We stayed at the Hilton London Paddington for 3 nights in August.  We received good customer service from every employee we encountered.  Our room was immaculate.  We used Hilton Honors points for 1 of the nights, and even though am only a Silver member, they gave us access to the Executive Lounge and gym.  The employees in the Lounge couldn't do enough for you.  We took the Heathrow Express to Paddington and walked to the front desk in 5 minutes! Right outside the Hilton door inside Paddington is a Starbucks, Krispy Kreme, Burger King (for the kids!), a couple of restaurants, and a grocery store where we picked up some water and snacks.  The breakfast at the Hilton has a wide selection and worthwhile if it is included in your room price.  The Paddington tube station is right…",Date of stay: August 2005,5.0
4468,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4470-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Fantastic,"This hotel surpassed my expectations.  Coming from outside the country I was worried I would hit Paddington and have to wander around to find it - not so...you can walk from your train into the hotel, all inside the station.  And what a hotel. Art Deco theme, very - very nice.  Nice size rooms.  Very clean.  My wife and I had both room service and breakfast - and they far surpassed our expectations.  Staff was very friendly with our room request and assistance with directions.  My only disappointment?  That I had to leave.  Should I return to London, I would not think of staying anywhere else. ",Date of stay: June 2005,5.0
4469,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4470-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Great staff, excellent location","This is by far London's best connected hotel.  It’s just a few steps from the tube, the Heathrow Express and many other trains to points west.  Close proximity (within 50 yards of hotel lobby) to Starbucks, a grocery store, an ATM, several cafes and The Mad Bishop Pub.    £155 per night for a 4 star hotel is an excellent value for The Big Smoke.  Rooms were clean, quiet and fairly large by European standards (approx 225 sq ft).  In room amenities include: a programmable safe, mini-bar, coffee maker, free cookies, iron, cable TV (but only a handful of channels), an RJ45 data port (£15 per day), 3 telephones and a fairly large closet.  The bathroom was also fairly large and had speakers which piped in the sound from the TV, so you can listen to the TV/radio while you're getting…",Date of stay: May 2005,4.0
4470,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4475-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Hilton Paddington April 27, 2005","Very convenient (across the street) from a Tube stop.  Clean, stylish lobby; very pleasant and helpful Front Desk staff; had to wait to check in which is understandable and Front Desk suggested we relax in the Executive Lounge (available to Gold/Diamond members).  Executive Lounge was VERY well equipped with free internet, several newspapers, clean, stylish seating, and delicious food.  During our stay we had complimentary happy hour, as well as comp breakfast there.  Breakfast was the best we had during our entire U.K. stay!  Kippers, smoked salmon, fresh fruit, croissants, ham, eggs, sausage....the works! Our room was a nice, updated, medium sized, with extremely comfortable bed and fabulous bed linens (extra pillows, down comforter, etc.).  Location is in a very safe area,…",Date of stay: April 2005,4.0
4471,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4475-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Wonderful convenience.,"I got a truly great price through an on-line bidding site and was given a very nice room where everything worked beautifully. It was very convenient to have a safe in the room, and the cash bar/fridge clearly warns you that there is a charge if you move any items.  They provide a tiny space for your own use which comes in handy.  There is a large collection of stores connected to the hotel through Paddington Station and it is very convenient to use to pick up something to eat, or any items you may have forgotten.  The subway, Heathrow Express, etc. connections just don't get any better than this.  I don't understand why other reviews complain about the prices of the hotel's restaurants when there are a dozen other choices right outside the door in the indoor covered Paddington…",Date of stay: April 2005,5.0
4472,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4475-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Must try harder,"I just returned from a short break in London which involved 3 nights in the Hilton Paddington Hotel. In overall terms this hotel offers reasonable value for money at GBP 99.00 (Subject to Tax / Vat) for a double room per night, however to get this rate you need to book and pay well in advance and it is non flexible, ie no refunds. The Hotel is basically clean, rooms are not big, but at least there was no noise at night, a plus was the connections from the Station next door to all parts of London, Negatives, well there were a few things that bugged me. Firstly you could sit in the lobby lounge / Bar area for upwards of 20 minutes before anybody bothered to come and take your order, a further 10-15 mins would elapse before your order arrived ! of the three elevators only one…",Date of stay: April 2005,3.0
4473,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4475-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Loved it!,I have stayed at different hotels in London a few times and I must say this has been the best so far. The rooms are very spacious and the iron and ironing board in the room were really handy. I came in through Heathrow Express which is so much quicker than coming through Gatwick. The staff was pleasant and helpful and I will definately go back there on my next trip. ,Date of stay: March 2005,5.0
4474,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4475-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Fantastic hotel,I have stayed at the hotel a few times now and it is the best connected hotel via Heathrow and through Paddington Station to the south west. Rooms are excellent and service is great!! ,Date of stay: March 2005,5.0
4475,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4480-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Convenient and friendly,"We stayed at the Hilton Paddington twice during February, 2 days followed by a trip to the countryside, and 2 more days before returning to the USA.  The location cannot be beaten for convenience, although there isn't much in the neighborhood as far as restaurants or attractions.  The tube stop is literally right downstairs and that's the only way to get around London, so it's perfect.  Our room initially was way too warm, but management dealt with it quickly and efficiently, actually moving us to a better room for our trouble.  The rooms are not very large but well maintained and comfortable.  Service was quite good but, as other reviewers have noted, the staff is not populated entirely with people for whom English is their first language, so communication isn't always easy. …",Date of stay: February 2005,4.0
4476,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4480-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Simply Spectacular,"What can I say..... after staying 2 nights at the hilton paddington I found the stay 'simply spectacular'. We paid a bargain rate of 99 pounds which included dinner on the first night and breakfast on both mornings. As honours members we also had the nice perks. The rooms were of generous size and was very very quiet, the location was fantastic (tube directly opposite the hotel) and the food was very good. I would have no hesitation in recommending this hotel and will no doubt return in the very near future. Great! ",None,5.0
4477,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4480-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Clean, comfortable and close","We have traveled in Europe extensively and this was the first time we have ever stayed in American Chain Hotel.  We started the new year here spending the night before our return flight to the US. Our room was great, vey spacious with a large, comfortable King size bed, great shower with shower curtain (this was at the end of a three week trip of staying at charming hotels and trying to wash my waist length hair in a tub with hand held shower head or standing in a shower with no shower curtian, impossible to keep water off floor).  The room had a seperate coffee and tea maker so my husband and I could both have something to drink when we got up very early to catch the 7:30 Heathrow express train.  This service is great, we just took the elevator downstairs to train station and…",None,5.0
4478,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4480-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great for a Short Stay,"We stayed at the Hilton Paddington for one night only, during a brief stopover in London on our way to Edinburgh.   The location of this hotel for brief visits to London cannot be beat.  I know it has been said many times already, but I cannot stress enough how wonderful it is to disembark off the Heathrow Express and simply walk upstairs to the Hilton Paddington.  And, of course, the hotel is also located at a major Underground station, making one's explorations of London quite easy.  The rooms are nice (at least our basic room was).  Standard hotel decor, but with a real stylish touch -- not super trendy, but the rooms avoid the cliches of hotel decor (flowered bedspreads, ugly prints on the wall, etc.).  The bathroom was large, clean, and well equipped.    Staff were not of…",None,4.0
4479,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4480-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Perfect for First Time London Visit,"First, let me say that we never make business or vacation plans without checking Trip Advisor for the ""real reviews"".  We did this for the Paddington as well. My husband and I stayed at Paddington Hilton for 6 nights over Thanksgiving week. We could have stayed at any Hilton but after reading the reviews we decided on Paddington. Used Hilton Honors Points so I was a little worried we might not get the best service. No need to worry. We were able to go directly to our room upon arrival around noon. Being light sleepers, we had asked for and got a wonderfully quiet room. We never once heard any outside or inside noise during our entire stay. The hotel is not in a tourist area but in a business/residential neighborhood.  We found this to be a positive. The beds were comfortable and…",Date of stay: November 2005,5.0
4480,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4485-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Nice hotel, great location","We just stayed at this hotel for 2 nights last week 12-11/12.  It is in a great location connected to the a train station, directly across the street from a under ground station.  The hotel staff were helpful and the concierge was friendly and helpful.  The room was large for London standard and very much like the room size in the US.  The rooms and bathrooms were very clean.  We paid 99lbs per night which included dinner for the 1st night and breakfast each day.  There is a internet cafe on the same block across the street which is very helpful.  I would stay at the same hotel with no hesitation. ",Date of stay: December 2004,4.0
4481,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4485-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Worse than a 1 star motel,"I stayed at the Paddington Hilton last year, not knowing any hotels in London, and assuming a Hilton would be a safe bet.  I had the worse hotel experience of my life.   I should have known when I called and tried to make reservations initially and an individual who  could barely speak English picked up the phone and asked that I call back at 3am my time because there was no one available at that time.    First of all, I was quoted one price and charged almost twice as much, in spite of producing printed proof of the lower price I had been quoted.  To add insult to injury, I was informed by a heavily Italian -accented front door clerk that the misunderstanding was due to the fact that my American Enlgish was ""not the same"" as  their  English from England.  Being fluent in…",None,1.0
4482,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4485-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Superb choice of a hotel with key all city connector rail lines close by.,"A warm welcome is the first of many pleasant experiences. Superior attentive service, fruit in reception lobby, impeccably maintained rooms. ",None,4.0
4483,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4485-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Well connected, good quality London hotel","Stayed here a few times recently. Hotel was refurbished as a Hilton a few years ago so the rooms are still quite nice and new. Standard rooms are not a bad size. The executive rooms are quite a bit bigger with a couple of chairs and a walk-in shower.  Nice restaurant with a simple but innovative menu - the usual slightly-pricey hotel restaurant prices. Lots of good restaurants in the surrounding area too, in all price ranges.  Not a particularly central location, but good train, tube and bus connections. Service is always good - very quick check in and out.  Hotel's wired internet is quite expensive, but if you're in a room on the station side, then there are quite a few wireless hotspots you can pick up. ",None,4.0
4484,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4485-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"A great location, but watch out for the extras.","I stayed at this hotel in October 2004 whilst in London on business.  The location of the hotel is perfect if you have an early departure from Heathrow.  You can walk straight out of the hotel on to the concourse of Paddington rail station and catch the Heathrow Express to the airport.  The hotel has a great Art Deco reception.  My room was clean and spacious, though I would have preferred more substantial bedding.  The service was competent.    The hotel also has a gym with cardio equipment and a limited selection of resistance machines.  A quick tip: If you intend to use the gym tell the receptionist when you check in.  Otherwise, you'll need to go back to reception to sign a fitness readiness questionnaire and get your keycard activated for the gym.  I was charged £145, plus…",None,4.0
4485,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4490-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,loved this hotel,"we stayed one night at the hilton paddington in a junior suite for 239 english pounds, which isn't bad considering the prices in london and were very impressed. the room was immaculate with skylights and a huge balcony with table and chairs to enjoy the lights at night. the food and service were also excellent. we would definately stay there again. ",None,5.0
4486,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4490-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,A Winner!,"After reading about all the London Hiltons at the Hilton website, we opted for Paddington - and picked a winner.  The hotel is gorgeous, the rooms are sparkling new and spacious, and the service exceptional.  It's easily accessible with Paddington station right out the back door and the tube across the street.  We walked to Hyde Park (twice), Harrod's, Royal Albert Hall, and the Natural History Museum.  The tourist bus stop is just a block away and takes you all over town - pick up tickets at the hotel concierge desk before you head out - it's easy and cheap transportation when your feet get tired.  Food at the hotel is decent, but you may have to grab a cab as the restaurant choices right outside the hotel are not all that great. ",None,5.0
4487,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4490-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Enjoyed our stay at this clean hotel,"We enjoyed our stay at this hotel for one night in June; we selected it because it was close to Paddington Station.  We asked for a room in the new wing and got more than we expected: a large room with two queen beds, wall to wall windows, lovely big bathroom, nice coffee pot.  Everything was sparkling clean, no cigarette smell.  The only thing we missed was American-type outlets which are provided in some other London hotels. We got this hotel on Priceline for $110 and were very pleased.  The restaurant seemed expensive, so we walked down the street to a Tasco store and got snacks for evening and breakfast. ",None,4.0
4488,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4490-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Location, Location, Location","I travel to London frequently on business in the City, and in February, 2004, I decided to stay at the Hilton Paddington due to its proximity to the Heathrow Express. I am very glad I did. I was from airport to the hotel counter in a half hour, and vice versa. The tube stop is right accross the street. The hotel is fine. It's not The Ritz, but anyone expecting The Ritz at the Paddington Hilton needs to reevaluate anyway. Do not stay here for elegance. Do not stay here for proximity to the West End. Do stay here for convenience to and from Heathrrow.",None,4.0
4489,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4490-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Good refurbishment of historic hotel,"An historic hotel ? the first of Britain's great railway hotels, rescued from years of decline a couple of years back by Hilton, and refurbished to create a very comfortable and stylish modern venue.A warm welcome ('nice to see you again', on my second visit ? so a professional IT system at play there, then!); well-designed and comfortable rooms; not the biggest you'll find, but perfectly adequate.And an excellent location at Paddington Station. Expensive standard rates, but good offers often seem to be available, especially at weekends.",None,4.0
4490,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4495-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Great Location,"We stayed one night in London and wanted a quality hotel in a convenient location. Using our Hilton points to stay for free, we picked this hotel when I saw that it was linked to the airport by the Heathrow Express. It worked out great. The train took us right to the hotel and our room was average, but fine. The staff gave us access to the executive room where they served food and drinks throughout the day and provided free internet access. Couldn't have asked for more.",None,4.0
4491,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4495-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Fuggagetaboutit!  The worst!!!!!,"THE WORST HOTEL EVER! I stayed here twice in the course of 3 mos for 10 days each time. It had to be the worst hotel experience both for business and personal travel in my life and I travel A LOT! The entire staff is made up of trainees and my Aunt Tillie knows more about London than the entire group put together. Seems as if this is a mgmt training ground for Hilton or something, every time I asked they were evasive about it.... Don't get me started on their promised broadband high speed and wifi service. It does not exist. On the 2nd stay I specifically called to see if it was fixed yet and I was told yes. Alas, a lie.... I am not computer programmer, but I would think a business hotel would have their staff better trained on basics of technology, like whether the high speed…",None,1.0
4492,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4495-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Loved the Hilton Paddington,"Moved to this hotel from Grosvenor House, Park Lane in order to be near the Heathrow link. What a wonderful difference this hotel turned out to be. It was much cheaper, modern, gleaming polished floors and very helpful hotel staff indeed. The location is superb as it is near all amenities. Our room overlooked the street but no noise pollution.  Lovely beds and duvets and the bathroom was gorgeous where the shower actually worked well for hot or cold. Since it was July 2003 and a bit warm, it was lovely to just be able to take the ice bucket provided and walk down the plush corridor to get ice chips from the machine on the same floor. Would definitely stay there again.",None,4.0
4493,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4495-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,The Worst service I have ever experienced,Booked this Hotel a week before Valentines day for me and my fiancee for 2 nights. Couldn't believe there was 2 single blankets on the double bed even though I had requested 1 bed for 2 people. They manager would not provide me with his surname either and insisted he had only a first name Ali. Appalling service. Bed sheets were not changed in the morning. And only changed after several complaints. The doorman finally managed to get us a Taxi and threw our suitcases into the Taxi and slammed the door. You will find this hotel has nice rooms but appalling service. We were woken at 6am by the noise of trains and trucks. Never again..This hotel is badly managed.,None,1.0
4494,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4495-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Convenient But Average Customer Service,"I've been staying at this hotel 3-4 times a year for the past 2 years.  The convenience to the Heathrow Express is unbeatable, but customer service is very spotty, which suggest management is not the best. Most of the staff are students learning English, while most of the housekeeping staff speak little English.  If you arrive early in the morning, you are most unlikley to get a room until 2-3 PM--even as a Hilton Honors member, which detracts from the convenience of staying here when arriving into London from the US. Mind you this is the case with most of the piopular hotels in London, though not with the smaller places which might be a better bet if this is your situation.  Concierge staff are especially inept in bringing luggage promptly to your room or finding your luggage…",None,3.0
4495,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4500-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Take me to the Hilton!,"It was our second stay there and it was outstanding again. Friendly staff, great food, nice rooms...a Hilton.",None,5.0
4496,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4500-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,"Lovely hotel, outrageously expensive breakfast","Although we onlyspent one night here, our room was large, lovely and obviously recently redone in a charming art deco style. The duvets were heaven and the large bathroom was excellently appointed, with a wonderful shower.The lobby was beautifully redone in an art deco style, as well, with a large railroad mural along one wall.My only quarrel was that breakfast was not included with the room, and cost the earth in the restaurant --31 pounds, or $57.80 for two buffet breakfasts! Yikes!A better bet would be to try some of the places inside the station or find another local spot.Across the street is the Paddington Tube station, which is on 4 Tube lines, so it's an easy shot almost anywhere in London.It would be difficult to find a more convenient spot for catching an early train to…",None,4.0
4497,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4500-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,excellent service,"I stayed in Hilton London Paddington for 2 nights on Jan 3-5. Service was excellent. Staff at the reception area were helpful. The business center provides free internet service is great, although it was out of order on the last day of my trip.  When we checked out, we asked for assistance to bring the luggage downstairs. The staff actually help us to bring all luggage to Paddinton station, even unloaded to the Heathrow Express!  Overall, the location of the hotel is great. 15 mins to airport is a credit. Place is clean and nice. I found that the room is quite big.  Don't understand why people say the room is small...this is London!",None,5.0
4498,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4500-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,wonderful experience,"Convenience of Heathrow Express was welcome after a transatlantic flight. Reception was welcoming. Deluxe Room met all of our expectations - high speed internet, bright and roomy. Staff very helpful. Would defintetly stay there again. Negatives was that Business Centre was not operating (might have been due to New Year holidays) and breakfasts are overpriced.",Date of stay: January 2005,4.0
4499,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4500-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Good location but average hotel,"Very convenient for the Heathrow Express. Nevertheless, I was dissapointed because of the noise. Even in the back rooms, you are getting disturbed by the 24 hours activities of Paddington station. Had a DELUXE room, OK and clean. Bathroom could be bigger. Will chose another location for my next trip.",None,3.0
4500,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4505-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Absolutely superb hotel.,"The Heathrow airport hotel in Central London. Stayed here on my way into Europe and when I went back. Only 15 minutes from Heathrow and the other end of the Heathrow Express. Impressive Victorian building and according to the concierge originally the first 5 star hotel in London -= Grand, Deluxe & superb",None,5.0
4501,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4505-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Good Location but Average Customer Service,"I have stayed at this hotel more than 100 night this year and am a Diamond Hilton Honors member. As such I get upgraded to the bigger rooms and have access to the executive lounge. But usually I find the front desk staff will not volunteer such perqs and you have to ask for them. While there are a few bright people, most of the staff could use some customer service training. They hold rigidly to the rules set by management when they should be providing guest services. They seem to always run out of face cloths and the housekeeping is in consistent.  The computers (only two) in the busness center rarely work. And while they advertise late night dining in the Steam Bar, it is only bar snacks. If you have the choice, try to stay away from the outside rooms as street noise can be a…",None,4.0
4502,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4505-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Convenience and comfort,"Like others, I stayed here because of the convenience, and really like not only being able to step right from the Heathrow Express train to the reception desk, but also like being able to go down to the station shops for a newspaper and a latte in the morning. I actually stayed here the first week it was open after the refurbishment, and again several months later. I was very happy with it -- generously sized rooms, crisp cotton duvet covers. Maybe the bathrooms (at least in the single rooms I stayed in) could have been a bit more luxe. The only other caveat is that if there is a wedding or other event in the reception rooms, the sound really reverberates up to the floors above -- if you're a light sleeper, you may want to stay on the other side of the hotel.",Date of stay: September 2004,4.0
4503,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4505-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Deceptively Good Location,"I booked the Paddington Hilton to save me from having to endure the rail replacement bus service back home on a Saturday night after the theatre. I chose this hotel over hotels in the West End because of the very reasonable room rate (£70 B&B), the fact that all the rooms boasted air conditioning and that the Bakerloo Line gets you to the West End in just 10 minutes. The hotel itself is very grand and you can certainly see where the £60million pounds of makeover money went. I had booked a standard room, but decided to upgrade for £20 to a deluxe kingsize room which gave me a larger room, larger bed and a small seating area. The room was well decorated and very light and airy with two large sash windows. The bathroom was clean and well lit. Breakfast was superb although I…",None,4.0
4504,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4505-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,great location (but a iffy neighbourhood),"Stayed 17 May - 19 May. Great hotel - formerly the Great Western Royal - a once British railways hotel. Totally renovated in last 2 years and under Hilton management - hotel in the grand manner of Victorian hotels. I had a executive deluxe on level six- large room with mod furnishings and marble bathroom - small windows but they do open slightly for air. TV has limited cable including news (CNN, BBC World and oversea's eurpoean and arabic channels). Internet access through TV at 10 pence per minute (however internet access at Business Centre was free when I used it both times - 2 terminals). Views were onto internal court yard (however there are rooms looking onto the street). Minibar (however, my only bugbear is that its one of those that automatically charges if your remove…",None,5.0
4505,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4510-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Good Road Warrior Hotel,"I have stayed here 4-5 times since it opened, 2 years ago.  Since it was a complete renovation, everything is new.  I love landing at LHR and taking the Heathrow Express to Paddington and walking upstairs to my room.  Rooms are all new and clean and very nice sized for London.  Beds are very comfortable.  There are places to eat and drink and a Sainsbury market in Paddington Station.  Drop down another floor and you are in the Tube station.  Not a great neighbor hood, but catch a train downstairs and you can be in Oxford or Bath in an hour or so.  Steam, the bar off the lobby is nice and rocks on the weekends.  Too bad they don't have a no smoking section.  Internet cafe across the street and a good gormet wine/food store down the street on the right, as you come out of the…",None,5.0
4506,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4510-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Fabulous,"We stayed at the Hilton Paddington on the 22nd December, 2002 and what a fabulous experience it was.We have stayed at some lovely hotels around the world but this is the best hotel by far, in the UK.We just didn't want to leave.Definately recommended.",None,5.0
4507,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d209371-Reviews-or4510-Hilton_London_Paddington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Paddington Hotel Reviews,Outstanding,"Everything about my stay here was outstanding.  The room was unbelievably nice, the staff was friendly and helpful, and breakfast was great.  Not the best area around the hotel, but Paddington station is 30 seconds away. ",None,5.0
