,link,hotel_name,review_headline,review,review_date,review_score
0,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or0-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Poor Customer Service.,Extremely slow service. Restaurant staff “Pradeep” so called Food and Beverage! Aggressive arrogant and can’t even serve a simple hot coffee. Music too loud at the lounge area. Good location at the bottom of Kensington High Street. ,Date of stay: May 2021,2.0
1,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or0-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Quarantine vacation,"We did our 14 mandatory days of quarantine in the Hilton. the staff welcomed us with big smiles behind the mask, and was very efficient and positive . throughout our stay, they brought to our room a delivery at least twice a  day, and always asked us how we are feeling, if we need anything or would like to talk to someone, or if there's anything they can do to ease the quarantine.  we felt amazing the entire stay, thank's to the professional and friendly service of the staff. a true Hilton service, even during a worldwide pandemic!",Date of stay: November 2020,5.0
2,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or0-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Excellent business stay during lockdown restrictions,The hotel is an excellent base for work and leisure. During lock-down the hotel did exceptionally well to accommodate work related stays. Offering good value accommodation and exceptional service. Special thanks to Arnau for going the extra mile to ensure the stay was perfect.,Date of stay: May 2021,5.0
3,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or0-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Major Disappointment,I expected the same caliber of wyslity I experienced in the US. Far from it. Old worn building with holes in the carpet and walls. Staff treated you like an inconvenience. Fire alarm went off and no apologies. ,Date of stay: May 2021,1.0
4,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or0-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Very Dissapointed,"Considering this Hotel is located in an iconic part of London, the interior does not represent this effectively. The lobby area is bright and welcoming, however once one arrives on the floor that the rooms are designated the future is not so bright. The air possesses a mouldy damp smell and the carpet is extremely questionable. The room was certainly not what I would expect from a Hilton Hotel, it was extremely basic similar to a Premier Inn or Travelodge. ",Date of stay: April 2021,1.0
5,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or5-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,A good value stay in this tired West London Hilton,"In search of Hilton Diamond we decided to have a weekend 'away' in our home town of London. This Hilton is one of the cheapest available per nigh which is in an area close to things we wanted to do. We arrived late on Friday after a short walk from Kensington Olympia station and departed early Sunday. The communal areas of the hotel are nice, the rooms however are pretty tired. We were first put in a room that differed to the one we had selected during online check in which faced the man road.  It was large, but very cold (like no-one had said in it for weeks), and also very noisy from the road. I called up and asked for a room on one of the other sides of the hotel and was moved back to the room we had selected at check in. 312 was round the side facing the side road and…",Date of stay: December 2020,3.0
6,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or5-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,5* for listening to guests’ needs,"In these-are we all done with “unprecedented”-times, where many hotels were already going down the route of profit protection above all else, and took it down to the bare bones under Covid excuses, Hilton Olympia is head and shoulders above many.  I stay at least once a month, often more, and I have to say, after each visit and any bit of feedback, there is visible improvements.   On the Tier 3 Eve, restaurant closed, however the hotel has a deal struck with Costa next door and you get all this breakfast awesomeness to choose from!! How’s that for going extra mile despite the profit probably being very little, if any?   They’re also one of the rare ones that have not skimped on little touches like providing bathrobes or face cloths (wash cloths as Hilton standards call it),…",Date of stay: December 2020,5.0
7,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or5-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Positively the worst customer service I have ever experienced,"Just for information this is our 4th stay at this hotel in just over 2 months. We have spent around 3 weeks in Hilton hotels this year, with another 6 weeks booked into next summer.  Breakfast is included for premium rooms according to the room details on the Hilton Olympia website and we had booked this type of room because of this.  We arrived to be told that breakfast was not included in our rate- we checked in anyway and said we would investigate as we were sure that it was. After finding the room description which includes the breakfast inclusion, on their website, we went back to reception to query our lack of breakfast. Reception was now manned by another staff member- so we explained the above to him and were basically told that we must have made a mistake or that the…",Date of stay: December 2020,1.0
8,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or5-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,In need of a lot of attention,"Probably the most run down Hilton we have stayed in.  Especially in London.  Not close to any tube stations so reliant on the bus.  Parking in the hotel was very expensive.  As we did stay during covid you can make some allowances but the hotel really needs a revamp.  The bar and breakfast locations were really tired looking.  Breakfast was very good.  Make sure you get a room on the back as the traffic was really loud all night, a lot of sirens.",Date of stay: October 2020,2.0
9,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or5-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Lovely stay,We enjoyed our stay this weekend. Social distancing was well thought out . The hotel was clean and staff were all super friendly. Breakfast was fab with lots of choice. Stayed in a junior suite which was a good size and more than adequate. ,Date of stay: September 2020,5.0
10,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or10-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Excelent stay in a great location,"In a time of Covid to be honest I'm always nervious about hotel stays, however this hotel has everything in place for the safety of its guests. (Clean Stay. full informaion on the Hilton site) The hotel is located at the end of High street Kensington close to Olympia, about 10 minutes from Hyde Park Corner. Being an older hotel, the rooms are larger than most hotels in London and well equiped with A/C, TV, tea and coffee facilities, bath and shower etc. Upon arrival I received a warm welcome, I had checked in online before and my room was beautifully prepared, whilst the executive lounge is closed because of Covid i received vouchers for drinks in the bar (table service) although there is a limited menu it is very reasonably priced. Breakfast is Excellent and the staff and chef…",Date of stay: September 2020,4.0
11,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or10-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Absolute worst afternoon tea,Do yourself a favour; buy a Tesco meal deal and a tea from Costa and save yourself the bother.  Service: he either hated his job or disliked serving the gays  Selection: lame Quality: packet cakes were OK. Sandwiches were poor Atmosphere: non existent  Honestly felt like we wasted our time. My favourite part was leaving and having a nice stroll around Holland Park.,Date of stay: March 2020,1.0
12,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or10-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,We will return,"Would just like to say we had booked a room here to stay in may then Coronavirus came to town, so we had to cancel , contact with this hotel has been brilliant and very helpful we had a full refund from them so when everythink goes back to normal we will definitely be booking with this hotel again , thankyou",Date of stay: April 2020,5.0
13,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or10-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Excellent staff; great location for Olympia events.,"We booked this hotel for the London Book Fair.  Although the book fair was cancelled, we were able to salvage enough meetings to make the trip worthwhile.  We held our meetings in the Society Bar area, which is comfortable, roomy and well-lit.  The bar staff were very pleasant, attentive and helpful.  The hotel location is great for events in and around Olympia, with plentiful pubs and restaurants around.",Date of stay: March 2020,4.0
14,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or10-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Nice Stay,"Had a great stay at this hotel for a conference in Olympia, the only downside to my stay was being in room 412 which had the road and tube station next to it, this was very noisy when you are used to country living.  There also appeared to be a loading dock below the room.  I'm sure a quieter room can be requested. £18.00 for Ham, Egg and Chips is pricey even for London! Had a great stay at this hotel for a conference in Olympia, the only downside to my stay was being in room 412 which had the road and tube station next to it, this was very noisy when you are used to country living.  There also appeared to be a loading dock below the room.  I'm sure a quieter room can be requested. £18.00 for Ham, Egg and Chips is pricey even for London! Very close to Olympia Centre.",Date of stay: March 2020,4.0
15,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or15-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Bring a torch,Power failed in room took an over hour and half to get moved rooms at midnight!  Had to be out at 7:30 suggested they should at least offer a free breakfast so we ordered that for 7-7:30 arrived at 7:45 incomplete,Date of stay: February 2020,1.0
16,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or15-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Great location, average hotel. ","Stayed here whilst attending an event at Olympia, the location is great, perfect in fact. The hotel however is in need of a make over. One left out of order isn't ideal. Our room was so so, typical of this brand. Bed was very hard and uncomfortable and I can normally sleep on anything. We were upgraded upon check in which gave us access to an Executive club, a nice touch but glad we hadn't paid for it. We had breakfast in the Executive club area one morning which whilst ok was a poor relation to the fayre served in the main restaurant. Have to say though that the staff are a credit to the hotel, all very friendly.  Will probably stay here again purely for its location but would plead for a better bed. ",Date of stay: December 2019,3.0
17,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or15-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Excellent ,"From the beginning; an excellent price for an executive dog friendly double room. Great central location, easy parking underneath hotel. Vals on reception was so friendly and professional. Gave us a free late check out and WiFi he couldn’t of been any nicer or kinder. Lovely large room, immaculate, bright and airy. So close to bars, restaurants and the glorious Holland Park for walking the dog. Again lovely friendly staff at breakfast  , breakfast delicious with lots of choice. Again on check out the staff were lovely. Highly recommend a stay at this hotel. ",Date of stay: March 2020,5.0
18,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or15-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Good location close to Olympia Hall,"Two things are good in this hotel. Breakfast and the smile of the staff. Otherwise the hotel is very old, and require a refurbishing soon. Quality of the sleep is average, furniture is old and the sensation inside is from history of Hilton hotels. Walking distance to Olympia hall and the metro station. A little bit far from the city center. Internet is working fine.",Date of stay: February 2020,3.0
19,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or15-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Wonderful stay!,"I combed over the reviews for Hilton London Olympia.  There was mixed reviews, BUT my stay was wonderful from.  I stayed for a week and I would 100% recommend the hotel to others.  Samir (?) and Barbara in the mornings for breakfast were simply lovely.  My friends and I were greeted warmly every morning.    It was such a pleasure staying there it felt like home.",Date of stay: February 2020,5.0
20,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or20-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Lovely staff but interior are little bit old,"Third-time visit, very nice Filpino Dutch girl receptionist. smooth check-in. nice lounge staff Michel, from Italy. got an upgrade from a guest room to the executive king bed.  but the interior is like 80s hotel.  and the breakfast experience hasn't had a variety of options. For the sleeping experience, it's quite unsatisfied due to the winter storm. the strong wind makes the creepy sound all night. ( not their wrong） will be back soon, hope to get more joyful experience next time.",Date of stay: February 2020,4.0
21,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or20-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Weekend stay for Classic Car Show,"When we first arrived we were served by a very helpful and friendly receptionist. We went to our room and at a quick glance thought it was fine however during the weekend we were to change our mind! I turned the thermostat up considerably as it felt chilly. It also smelt damp or not aired. It warmed up but I really don't think the thermostat works as I kept it on 25°!! It didn't feel like the 21° it stated. The decor is extremely dated and tired and the bathroom needs completely ripping out. The shower, which was just one in a bath, leaked so we had to place towels close by to mop up water. This was obviously the reason the room smelt damp. Also my husband could only just stand up straight in the shower after climbing in the bath.  Anyone over 6ft would have to bend!!! However…",Date of stay: February 2020,2.0
22,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or20-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"COLD ROOM, OVERPRICED AND UNWARRANTED SERVICE CHARGES",I arrived and was pleasantly surprised but the high standards of cleanliness and the welcoming staff in reception. I was allocated room 624 and when I entered the room it felt cold. I checked the window and they were closed but I could clearly hear road noise from the road below. I cranked up the heating to warm the room and left for my business meeting 5-10 minutes later.  I called at the bar and bought drinks for myself and my wife. The barman poured the wine and pulled the beer from the pump and handed them to me where upon I took them to the table and joined my wife.  Later that evening I returned to my room to find that I was still cold and that the heating had barely warmed it up. I was tired so off we went to bed where I spend a very uncomfortable night lying in a cold…,Date of stay: February 2020,2.0
23,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or20-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Far grom Hilton standards,"I have been using Hilton hotels worldwide for many years. Only twice I was deeply disappointed: at Manchester Airport and at London Olympia. The hotel is simply tired, worn off and in desperate need for renovation. The room is small but that's London's standard. It welkomes you with unpleasant smell of stall air. Furnitures remember probably 70's. The room looks and feels dirty, disgusting and filthy. The same applies to corridors. The soundproofing in the room is nonexistent. You can hear snoring next door. Overall far beyond Hilton standards and highly overpriced place to avoid. ",Date of stay: February 2020,2.0
24,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or20-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Horrible afternoon tea!!,"Honestly, I have been to a lot of afternoon teas around London, but this has got to be the worst. When me & my mother-in-law arrived, all the waiters and waitresses ignored us, even though they knew we were standing there. After 10 mins of standing at the front, I had to get the attention of a waiter & told him I had a reservation at 2pm. He showed us to our seats (by the window). The seats were a bit worn out and not very comfy. We both had a latte, which arrived lukewarm/cold and was served with a butter biscuit. The sandwiches were limp and the bread was very stale on all 6 sandwiches. The scone is usually my favourite, but the scone was also stale and kept flaking, making it impossible to spread the clotted cream and jam on.  The cakes were overly sweet and other cakes were…",Date of stay: February 2020,1.0
25,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or25-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Utter disgrace ,"I am embarrassed to say that I have a Hilton’s HH Members card. This hotel is a disgrace to the brand. I am staying here for 3 nights for business. I am coeliac, so have to stain to gluten free food. This is lot my choice, but a medical condition shared by millions of people worldwide.  This shouldn’t be a surprise to worldwide brand such as Hilton. However this evening, arriving at the hotel after work , I wanted to eat an evening meal. Nothing unusual there. Firstly the server couldn’t tell me what was gluten free or not. I chose the simplest thing on the menu; ham, egg & chips to make things easy for everyone. After consulting with the kitchen I was told this wasn’t gluten free. I then asked what could be served gluten free. Currently it was around 9pm so the kitchen was…",Date of stay: February 2020,1.0
26,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or25-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Afternoon tea on a deal,"Visited on a weekday for a traditional afternoon tea with a glass of Prosecco. Service was not welcoming on arrival from the server,no greeting,just shown us to our reserved table by the window and asked what type of tea we required .Assorted sandwiches were rather bland with insufficent fillings.  Scones were nice with generous helpings of clotted cream and jam  The assorted cakes were very dainty and nicely decorated,but rather sweet .At the end of our tea,service improved with a smile from our server. Glass of Prosecco was drinkable.",Date of stay: January 2020,3.0
27,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or25-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Hilton,Hilton London Olympia. Here on a business trip. Room comfortable but corridors in need of a lick of paint. Exhibition hall cosy. Great to have a Costa inside hotel. Staff helpful. Could do with more tea bags!! ,Date of stay: February 2020,4.0
28,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or25-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Close to Olympia ,Arrived around 1500 check in was extremely fast as I pre registered on Hilton app which you can then choose your room  Located in edge of Kensington across road from Olympia   Main tubes 5-10 mins walk   One main lift was out of order so was hard to call the lift on one side and actually sees if it appears on the housing on other side   Room was on 8th floor overlooking Main Street   Room was large with desk space and lounge chair  Not enough plug sockets by bed and you have to get out of bed to switch main room out Quote dated rooms for today business traveller   Bathroom was large but dated shower was superb with amenities   Ate in restaurant quiet but overrun with staff who did not give that personal touch for how quiet they were   Standard hotel menu nothing to write home…,Date of stay: February 2020,3.0
29,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or25-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,An avarage hotel with spacious rooms,"Staff was very nice and accommodating.  Breakfast is very good and has large assortment. We booked a non-smoking twin room, and got a very spacious room on the 8th floor. The room was OK, but two things got us a bit irritated: the non-smoking room had a ""deep-rooted"" stench of smoke! And; there was only one available point for electricity. The bathroom had none. So; we were two people with mobile phones, iPads and computers that needed to be charged. In addition to hairdryer and curling iron.... That was a challenge. I would not say this is a great location in regard to typical London attractions, but I guess you are not looking for that when you book a hotel this far from London city center. But keep in mind that there are lots of busses stopping right outside the hotel, so it…",Date of stay: February 2020,3.0
30,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or30-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Excellent location,"The hotel is a little rundown. However, the staff is excellent and will make you feel appreciated for sure. Location is great considering it's not bang in the middle of London. I definitely recommend this hotel - both for business and for leisure.",Date of stay: February 2020,5.0
31,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or30-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Hilton Olympia,"I booked this hotel as part of my business trip. After making my reservation I enquired with the hotel about the on site parking and process of reserving a space. I did not receive a reply. I then called the hotel to follow up on this and was told that there is no height restrictions on vehicles. I then received an email on the morning of my reservation informing me that there is a height restriction of 1.77m. My vehicle is 1.95m. The timing of the hotel's email to me left very little time or alternative options regarding parking my vehicle which could have been avoided had prior notice been given.  The reception area is very clean, modern and the service at the reception was very quick and easy.   The room was clean and spacious, however the bathroom facilities were broken and…",Date of stay: February 2020,1.0
32,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or30-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Great value and very comfortable,Stayed here for work last week. Excellent price (likely because nothing on at the Olympia) £80 for a 4 star in London is great value. The hotel is close to transport links and very comfortable. The room was spacious and clean. The staff were very friendly and helpful. Couldn't fault it,Date of stay: February 2020,5.0
33,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or30-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Wheelchair users beware,"For a London hotel it's basically fine. Staff were great. Accommodation was acceptable. But if you're a wheelchair user and want breakfast, it's pot-luck as to whether you'll be able to get there because of the ridiculous way they have their lifts set up. Yes, really.",Date of stay: February 2020,3.0
34,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or30-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Not a typical Hilton Hotel,"My room was so small, I could barely turn around in it.  The bed was extremely uncomfortable.  Upon arrival, the in-room safe did not work, and neither did the TV.  The safe was fixed, but the TV never was, even after calling the front desk several times during the week.  I asked for a local phone number to a restaurant, which took (3) days for someone to get for me, and then it was the wrong number!  Upon leaving, the older door man said he couldn't load my bags in to the cab because of his back.  Not close to any restaurants.  All-in-all, not a hotel I would recommend. ",Date of stay: February 2020,1.0
35,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or35-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Prosecco afternoon tea,"We visited one midweek using a Groupon Prosecco afternoon tea voucher. Nice meet and greet , and shown to a pleasant table. F&B assistant who looked after us was great and very helpful. The afternoon tea itself was good but the sandwiches could have been fresher . Overall a nice experience in a pleasant lounge . The jazz music being played in the room however was too loud and needs turning down or even preferably off",Date of stay: February 2020,4.0
36,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or35-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,two nights,"I stayed here for two nights, I got an upgrade because of my gold membership! The staff were really friendly when I interacted with them. The breakfast is not as good as other Hilton hotels in the area. When I was visiting the lifts were getting refurbished, but there were two more that were working so it was alright. The room was big enough for two as it was a twin room, specially for London the room sizes were good. The location of the hotel is good as it is accessible from any London attraction, but it is a bit further than central.",Date of stay: January 2020,5.0
37,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or35-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Rooms in need of refurbishment,"The lobby and bar area of the hotel are nice, but the rooms could definitely use a refurbishment. No power outlets at the bedside, windows are so untight it was uncomfortably cold and loud in the room, water pressure in the bath was too low. Everything was clean and the bed okay, but I would not stay there again.",Date of stay: January 2020,2.0
38,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or35-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Great location, well maintained.","We stayed here so that we could visit the Destinations show at Olympia. The hotel is a good mid range establishment with excellent staff/service. The bar/restaurant is a comfortable area and there is a separate space for breakfast. The menu is quite varied and caters for all tastes, similarly breakfast is comprehensive. Rooms are of a good size, have air con., tea/coffee making facilities, toiletries and a safe. All in all good value for money with an overground station just 100 metres or so from the hotel.",Date of stay: January 2020,4.0
39,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or35-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Business stay ,"We have been staying here for many years due to its convenient location next to Olympia. The staff and service were good but, oh dear, when will the decor in the rooms be upgraded?  This hotel is seriously stuck in a bygone era. The carpets, curtains and fittings are so outdated!",Date of stay: January 2020,3.0
40,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or40-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Small but functional,"I’ve stayed here a couple of times now, both times whilst exhibiting at the nearby Olympia.  Fantastic location and nice to be so close to the exhibition hall. The rooms are small and basic but after a busy day it’s great not to have to travel far to get back to my room.   Nice breakfast and good bar area.",Date of stay: September 2019,3.0
41,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or40-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Is this really a Hilton? First impressions great, then downhill quickly!","I stayed during a work trip and had no choice of the venue.  First impressions were great. The building stands out and the reception area is modern and business-like.   That’s basically the only pro.  My room was poor. I think it faced an internal courtyard. The room had a window but the view was covered by a tarpaulin - I wonder what view it was actually hiding?  The room interior was dated. There was dirt on the walls and the walls were paper thin - you could hear everything, and I mean everything..., from the adjoining room.   Breakfast was good, however it was far too busy to serve your self in an organised manner.  Whatever the name suggests, this is a very poor Hilton experience. ",Date of stay: November 2019,2.0
42,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or40-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Still Awful,"Stayed here a year ago for work, so we kind of have to use it. Even worse than the year before. I paid for an upgrade, but the room was still dire. Room service was OK. The choices at breakfast did not suit me. I really hate open dishes where people have breathed all over them. The porridge was vile. God I hope they improve for 2020.",Date of stay: January 2020,1.0
43,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or40-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Easily one of the most dyer nights sleep ever recorded,"I am really not one to write reviews nor bad mouth a business. I actually made a new account just for this trip. Was definitely the poorest room and nights sleep ive ever had. Hotel lobby is nice so is the bar, get to the room and its like being in Hotel Transylvania, would honestly rather sleep in a heroin addict. Literally... book anywhere else.",Date of stay: January 2020,1.0
44,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or40-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Terrible service,"Very weird experience. We asked how much the afternoon tea was and 3 people came over to tell us they were checking with the manager.. Anna Cruz, she had the strangest attitude. She came over and took our order finally after not having a lot of things on the menu but telling us in a way we should have known. Then when the food came we were asked for our room number which we didn’t have because we weren’t staying. Anna comes over with the bill and the card machine while I’m literally putting a piece of pizza in my mouth.  I said can I pay in a minute,, she literally came back in a minute and took the payment. We hadn’t even finished our food and it was being taken away.  In utter shock I recall the bill being extremely high so I checked it and I had been charged £19.50 for a…",Date of stay: January 2020,1.0
45,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or45-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Excellent staff,"The hotel is probably the cheapest in the Hilton chain in London and isn't the most luxurious of properties but fine for a comfortable stay in West London.  The staff were amazing.  Allowed me to check-in early and upgraded me to exec level as a Gold HHonours member.  Everyone very welcoming and couldn't do enough for their guests, Exec Lounge good with nice choice of food in the evening to go with complimentary drinks.",Date of stay: January 2020,4.0
46,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or45-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Avatars stay,Average experience   They tried to charge me twice for breakfast - did get it sorted on check out but snotty receptionist on checking in would not accept my proof of booking. Hotel is very tired and in need of a make  over. Only 1 lift working for the whole hotel which mean to much time going up and down  would stay again iff needed but would try to find an alternative first ,Date of stay: January 2020,3.0
47,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or45-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Not what you’d expect from Hilton,"Just returned home from a business trip in London and as we were attending a trade exhibition in Olympia I thought this would be a great choice. A classic example of where expectation and reality were miles apart. I thought that booking a Hilton hotel meant guaranteed quality and although at the higher end in terms of cost it would be worth it......WRONG! On arrival we were told that we hadn’t booked breakfast despite this being included in our booking and we had to prove to the receptionist that this was the case. Our room was on the 6th floor and one of the lifts was out of order so we had to wait for quite some time on the other which only held 4/5 folks at a push. On arriving on the 6th floor we noticed a odd and unpleasant aroma which appeared to originate from the carpet,…",Date of stay: January 2020,2.0
48,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or45-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Quite Tired,"I spent a night at the Hilton Olympia last week. The location is very good- obviously ideal for attending events at Olympia, but also within walking distance of High St Kensington and Shepherd's Bush. There's plenty of restaurants and pubs nearby, and an on-site car park. Check in was quick and easy, and the receptionist was friendly and helpful. From there on in the hotel looked rather tired and unloved. One lift was broken and the corridors were dull. My 8th floor room was fairly small, but adequate for a night. The bed was comfortable, and the ensuite was functional. However, the decor was dated, the carpet was very worn and stained, the curtains were dirty and the literature was covered in muck. I didn't eat in the hotel, but went into the bar for a drink; the service was…",Date of stay: January 2020,3.0
49,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or45-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,The best place to stay if you're headed to Olympia,"Always stay here when I have an event/business at Olympia. This is my 7th or 8th time - literally a 2 minute walk away so very convenient.  The hotel is honestly due an update though, the rooms are pretty old and there's a distinct smell of past times. The bathroom in particular needs an upgrade but very usable and does the job. Room 659 was in front of a (?service) lift, which is quite loud and woke me early in the morning. The doors are rather thin too and could hear a couple arguing across the hall.   Got a room upgrade on check in, nice touch. Spacious room. The staff and nice and mostly willing to help. My room was quite cold and I was brought an extra blanket - may have been better practice to advise re: the heating/cooling system or given a space heater (if really…",Date of stay: January 2020,4.0
50,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or50-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Great location with excellent customer service!,"We absolutely loved this hotel! It is in a beautiful part of town, close to beautiful Holland park and Hyde Park. Transit is convenient.  Either you could walk to the tube which is a 10-15 minutes stroll through a lovely neighbourhood, or you could take the bus which stops right in front of the hotel. The #9 bus comes every 10 minutes which is very convenient and stops at the tube, it also goes downtown through a very scenic route. It is an older style hotel, but we found the rooms and bathroom to be in very good condition. What we really loved most about this hotel was the excellent customer service, the whole team was always very helpful and accommodating. You could tell the staff really enjoy working there and are committed to helping the guests have the best experience they…",Date of stay: December 2019,5.0
51,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or50-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,GERRY,"This is probably the worst hotel I have ever stayed in. If you can tolerate thread bare carpets and dust I doubt if you will be able to deal with the noisy ventilation system, the dirt and smells evident throughout the building. How Hilton accept this I will never know.",Date of stay: December 2019,1.0
52,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or50-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Would do it all over again,"I loved my stay at the Hilton London Olympia. Would 100% stay here again, was greeted by a gentleman who was so pleasant at 0600! After a 14 hour flight all i wanted was to drop my bags off and go explore the city.  To my surprise, my room was ready for me. Corner room, with a stunning view of Kensington High Street...  The property its self was beautiful located near all I wanted to do while in London.  My only small suggestion is the executive lounge was a bit small. Too many diamond members!  Other than that, lovely stay. ",Date of stay: November 2019,5.0
53,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or50-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Prosecco After Tea for One :-),"My afternoon tea and chilled Prosecco was tasty! I was impressed with the fact that each tier had enough for ONE person. It gave the impression that you rather serve LESS than TOO much like so many London hotels do.       PS: The chocolate treats were so rich and of high-quality (yum-yum).   As I made my way to the Hilton Olympia, I first called the hotel and spoke to Francesca; who sounded proud of the afternoon tea on offer thus re-assured me that the afternoon tea is ‘very nice.’ Her opinion sounded genuine; the lady was also able to engage in conversation when I asked her for directions from Knightsbridge, this is when I learnt that she was Italian and she nervously said that her English was not so good. Perhaps this is a reflection of the pressure she might be under to be…",Date of stay: January 2020,4.0
54,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or50-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Should not be called a Hilton hotel,The room cleanliness and temperature control cannot be resolved as the hotel needs a major upgrade and renovations. The manager was no help in keeping by luggage for a couple of days while I was in Liverpool even though I had another reservation to be back at the hotel for another 4 nights. I feel cheated as I booked this hotel for being a Hilton. It turned out worse than a motel 6.,Date of stay: December 2019,1.0
55,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or55-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Great staff but buyer beware if you use the bar upstairs,"Stayed one night for Olympia Horse Show. Reception team were very good on arrival and checked us in quickly. Room was ok but had a smell in the bathroom. Not sure if it is the drains or just and old damp smell ?. Needs updating. Big problem with the upstairs bar .. they charge you 12.5% service charge on your drinks!!. Only spotted it when we queried our bill. This was after I had queued  at the bar for over 15 minutes. OK, it was busy but I couldn't serve myself could I. Staff said it was hotel policy but we couldn't see it written anywhere. Fair enough, the hotel refunded the charge when I queried it but how many other people have had the same ?. Check your bills.",Date of stay: December 2019,2.0
56,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or55-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Sad looking bathrooms, public areas need attention and bar/reception staff don't seem to want to be there","We arrived at the hotel and the public areas needed attention. We were horrified when we got onto our flor to find empty glasses dumped in the corridor and empty water bottles. When we told reception, they did not seem that bothered. We came back to the hotel after our show and went to the bar, the staff seemed perplexed that we asked for some food and a drink, it seemed that we were putting them out, so we ate and drank our one drink and left. Was promised a call back from the hotel manager and alas, to date, no call!  The cleaner kicks off around 7:30am banging her trolley about in the corridor, don't look forward to a lie in!",Date of stay: December 2019,3.0
57,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or55-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Hilton not the brand they were,"If this hotel is a bench mark of Hilton Hotels the CEO should ashamed and fired to be honest.  Dirty shabby rooms,poor water pressure only 2 working elevators,the middle one had a white ugly hoarding round it,I enquired about the matter with the concierge chap just opposite and he said he didn’t know but had been like it for a couple of weeks.  Not good enough Hilton’s for the prices you charge.",Date of stay: December 2019,1.0
58,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or55-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Premium price but not premium quality,"Check in was quick and efficient and the disabiltiy booklet was very welcoming. The room was ok. The bar had good service, but if i had brought my own chair, I'd struggle for somewere to sit as someone has removed most of the seats. DOH.. The bathroom in the room was pretty shabby. Rusty shower chair, a sink tap that had not been cleaned for a long while, the shower curtain rail held up with a cable tie, a wrotten door frame and a rotting bathroom door. £350 a night for that sort of standard is just not acceptable. Room 501. Hilton you should be ashamed of this.",Date of stay: December 2019,2.0
59,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or55-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,very good,very good hotel with easy transfer to albert hall very good breakfast selection good parking availability staff very helpful was allowed to leave car in car park when attending function car park was very secure you could leave belongings in car  right location to function attending,Date of stay: November 2019,5.0
60,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or60-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Horrific,"Around 2 weeks ago we went touring the old jails in Ireland and to say there were nicer cells than this hotels rooms would be an understatement. We payed almost £200 a night to be greeted with a square box with just a bed and no cot for my daughter. The window had a green plastic sheet over it, meaning we couldn't see out and there was no air coming in. The bathroom struggled to fit my 2 year old in never mind a full grown adult. My husband went to speak to the manager over our room of nightmares, who couldn't of been less concerned and made us pay £60 a night further to upgrade, as it was nearly 11PM by the time we had negotiated this, we had no choice but to pay. However the upgrade its self was appalling for a 'premium' room. The curtains looked like something from the 20s…",Date of stay: December 2019,1.0
61,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or60-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Needs some TLC,"I use the Hilton Olympia fairly frequently due to proximity to central London, ease of parking (secure & safe underground at £37 a night) and ‘what you see is what you get’ appeal. The rooms are a bit tired and in need of some TLC (it’s a bit 80’s and a bit battered) but I couldn’t fault the staff and service. Air Con appeared broken (constantly blowing hot despite temperature change) and television also constantly scattered by interference which was slightly annoying.  Rooms at the front of the hotel are noisy from traffic. Executive lounge is great and comfortable, breakfast plentiful and good quality. It’s fairly priced for London and I’ll continue to use along with the Kensington just down the road, a lick of paint and some ikea curtains & flatpacks don’t break the bank…",Date of stay: December 2019,3.0
62,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or60-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,4 Star - Really?,Am in London most weeks on business and stay in the area but decided to change things up and stay somewhere other than my usual. I am also a Hilton honours loyalty customer   On arrival I thought ‘Nice foyer’ but soon realized that it flatters to deceive. Apart from several Lifts being out of order (was on 7th floor) I’ve put up with worse. Within 30 mins of settling into my room I had 3 different guests enter my room using the same key card that was given to me at reception. The duty manager apologized for the inconvenience and gave me a drinks voucher as compensation (I don’t drink - but he assured me this could be used in the Costa coffee ship next door). Within 5 minutes of the duty managers visit - another guest entered my room.   So was restricted to staying in my room all…,Date of stay: December 2019,2.0
63,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or60-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Pretty good,"Stayed a few times with work. Although not the best Hilton it’s not the worst. Staff were lovely, breakfast excellent and it was good to get access to the decent Exec lounge even though no upgrades for Gold Honours was available. Although the rooms could do with updating or renovating mine was fine.",Date of stay: December 2019,4.0
64,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or60-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Bedrooms looking tired but staff very friendly and food good quality,"This is my second stay at this hotel and unlikely to be my last as I have family living nearby.  As with my last visit, I found the bedroom decor looking a bit tired.  The public areas are nicely decorated, but in the bedroom hallways and the bedrooms themselves, the carpets were looking a bit threadbare and the furniture quite old, dark and depressing.  The bed was also a little hard and uncomfortable.  But it looks like work is going on to make improvements.  However, this was made up for by the friendliness and helpfulness of the staff, and by the food.  The staff at reception were very welcoming during check in and check out.  My husband is gluten intolerant.  On the first day he took his own cereal with him to breakfast, but couldn't find it the second day so probably left…",Date of stay: December 2019,4.0
65,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or65-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,I find Hilton Hotels nowadays need a bit of a face lift.,"Stayed at The Hilton London Olympia Hotel over night before attending a conference there the following day.  Arrived very late, good check in and friendly staff.  Room was adequate nothing special to be honest and not cheap, could have done with re-decoration, clean and tidy though with well-equipped bathroom.  Sadly only one of the three lifts were working and being on 8th floor had to wait quite a while for the free lift.  Breakfast in the exec lounge was adequate and away from all the hustle and bustle, conference facilities were good and nice buffet lunch.   I really do think the Hilton brand is going downhill and needs to re-brand.",Date of stay: December 2019,3.0
66,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or65-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Not as bad as described in other reviews,"Having read several negative reviews before our stay, we were expecting a terrible place.  We stayed there for 5 nights - here is what we found:  The Pros: - Hotel is clean, so are the rooms and restaurant.   - Personnel is very helpful, smiling and friendly - all of those we met.   - Conveniently positioned near a train station connected to the London Underground network.  The Cons: - Windows are not air thight nor sound proof.  Our room was oriented towards the train station - we could hear the sound of the trains when they passed.  They really need to change those windows - I would probably have hated it if our room was on the street side.  The hotel has a ""U"" shape - if you are sensitive to noise I would recommend requesting a room in the ""inside"" of the U - I guess that…",Date of stay: November 2019,3.0
67,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or65-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,100% Mediocre,"Stayed with my husband and teenage son from 11/19/2019-11/25/2019.    The Good:   *We arrived late morning (11am-ish) and the hotel was able to check us in to our room.  * Lobby looked nice. *Staff very friendly and helpful. *Morning breakfast was good.  Service at breakfast was excellent.  *Our room had a refrigerator, safe, hair dryer and iron. *Location is good.  Train station may be a little far if you aren't used to walking much, however, catching the bus is very convenient.  Can get to the train station in 5 minutes via bus.  Return bus stop is directly across the street from the hotel.  Many restaurants and shops nearby.  The Not So Good: *As previous reviews have mentioned, the rooms are in DESPERATE need of renovation.   *Wallpaper in our room was actually coming off of…",Date of stay: November 2019,3.0
68,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or65-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Not fit for human habitation,"I stepped into a time warp from the 1980s, from the outdated scruffy state of the decor and facilities to the overwhelming smell of whatever they must marinade the place in on a daily basis to cover the stench of dated decay.  Do not remotely consider this hotel as being fit for any kind of stay, I wouldn't event check my dog into here.  I booked this place for the first time as I was having a night out in London and I thought it might be nice to stay in what purports to be a decent hotel for the night.  Thankfully my home is only a 45 minute drive away so I was able to get a taxi home so I did not have to suffer the indignity of staying here.  It takes a lot for me to turn on my heel and reject a hotel so comprehensively, but this place is nowhere near up to brand standards and…",Date of stay: November 2019,1.0
69,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or65-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Short Stay,"Typical London hotel, rather dated and tiny rooms.  Good friendly service though and the hotel meets all your needs. Try not to stay on the same side facing train tracks if you want a good nights sleep!",Date of stay: November 2019,3.0
70,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or70-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Ms,"Best part of my stay at Hilton Olympia was, the kind service with a smile I received at breakfast from Samir. Will definitely go back even though the rooms are a bit old and tired. Coffee shop below not good, breakfast on first floor has better coffee",Date of stay: November 2019,5.0
71,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or70-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Not up to Hilton Standard,"The hotel was very dated. The rooms were very small, the elevators didn't work most of the time. We stayed for 4 nights and had to move rooms twice. The executive lounge was a joke. The food was terrible, the kitchen was dirty and disorganized. The coffee maker in the lounge was broken all the time. I wouldn't stay there again for sure!",Date of stay: November 2019,1.0
72,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or70-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Very dated,Stayed in this hotel for convenience and the room rate with executive lounge access was reasonably priced. However the executive lounge was small and not well maintained soft drinks in fridges were locked no milk to make tea or coffee food quality was low. This hotel is dated and not really upto hilton standards its ok for a 1 night stay in a ni frills basic setting. Just booked into river side plaza wow what a difference a extra 80 pounds makes !,Date of stay: November 2019,1.0
73,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or70-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Average rating but it is below par for a Hilton,"This is an older property and as you can see from other reviews it is showing its age. My room was clean and tidy but it was quite cold and the heater made little difference. The tv system is a joke and takes ages to change channel, turn on and has poor reception on many channels.  They gave me access to the executive lounge which was a smallish room serving snacks in the evening and basic breakfast in the morning, the food was lukewarm at best and pretty poor quality, staff were barely engaging with any of the guests  No business centre to speak of, there was a computer in the lounge which didn’t work  On the plus side the reception staff and concierge were excellent and very friendly, just wish the other staff could learn how to smile and engage with guests",Date of stay: November 2019,3.0
74,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or70-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Oh no Hilton, not another bad UK experience","This is the 3rd UK Hilton in a week that has been unacceptable.  Yet again these older UK hotels are being poorly maintained by Hilton and Hilton continues to put profits are put ahead of customers, and in doing so, are destroying brand loyalty.   A smallish room is par for the course in London, but what is not acceptable is the lack of heating and problems with hot water.  Maintenance came the first time I complained and it was rectified for an hour or so. The second time, late at night, a heater was delivered along with extra duvet.  Never complained about the hot water (freezing or boiling)...I just could not be bothered.    The next morning as I was going, there was a line of heaters in the corridor being collected up by housekeeping...apparently I wasn't the only cold…",Date of stay: November 2019,1.0
75,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or75-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,5 days holiday in London.,we stayed 5 nights.  Hotel was comfortable.  location was bit far away from subways.  breakfast was the same everyday.  The breakfast waiter Sameer was so charming and welcoming.  absolutely enjoyed his company.  The lifts in the hotel needs desperately upgrading.  had to walk 6 floors down.,Date of stay: November 2019,4.0
76,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or75-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Ideal for Olympia,"Customer service is second to none.  Our 6th floor room was clean and comfortable but quite compact, smelled a little damp and would have benefited from redecoration.  Not the high standard of other Hilton Hotels I have visited, but the location is a 5 minute walk from Olympia plus rail station. The room had tea/coffee making facilities and a hairdryer.  Breakfast was well presented with plenty of choice and delicious.",Date of stay: November 2019,4.0
77,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or75-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Close this hotel,"So the hotel is very old and he need urgently renovation. The big problem of this hotel is servies of the management(only one was OK) when you have problem they say we will bake to you and of course no one call not manager on duty at Saturday and not Guest Relations Manager. Elevators did not work 2 days. The corridors are filled with glass and platesno one care. Don't clean the vegetables at breakfast.. The rooms are very old. ""New"" curtains from 1973. The tube station is very very far. In short, save your time and money and don't come to Hilton Olympia",Date of stay: November 2019,1.0
78,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or75-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Close to Olympia,"I stayed at the hotel because it was close to the Olympia. The area itself is not amazing and there is far to the nearest underground station. However the busses stopped nearby. But expect to use at least half an hour to get into central London. The staff at the hotel is really service minded. However, there were no yogurt at the breakfast buffet the first morning and I did also have some issues by getting hot showers in the morning.",Date of stay: November 2019,3.0
79,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or75-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,40th birthday disappiontment,Arrived on my birthday. There for 2 nights. Room was not cleaned at all when we stayed so the tea tray was empty quickly. The room was dark and dated and poorly cleaned.  Even if you go to the bar to order there is a service charge! There for London Comic Con and was busy and handy for the event. Breakfast was good but hash browns run out fast because they were good.,Date of stay: July 2019,3.0
80,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or80-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Far too expensive for what’s on offer, The staff are friendly enough the room is small and needs refurbishing and the view from the windows were all the air-conditioning units hanging off the outside walls . Do not eat in the restaurant it is expensive and should be cheap .Breakfast is okay. This is a business hotel and charge a lot of money to stay in a one star hotel ,Date of stay: September 2019,2.0
81,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or80-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Worst Hilton Ever!,"I booked into the Hilton London Olympia for a business trip, duration 3 days.  I was pleased to find my room had been upgraded, however when I went to my room, I was concerned at how bad the room I had been upgraded from would have been like.  My bathroom smelt damp and repulsive, the bathrobes were tired and threadbare, and the carpet was sticky and it scared me to even think about standing on it.    Overall this hotel is tired and in very bad decor, and considering they charge over £200 per night to stay, it is over rated and poor.  The breakfast was not much better, powdered scrambled eggs, rubber bacon, stale loaves of bread, and poor customer service.    Where possible I will avoid staying in this hotel in the future, and unless you are getting a very cheap night rate I…",Date of stay: October 2019,1.0
82,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or80-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Afternoon Tea.. miserable and lackOf attention.",I had a Groupon for this Hilton in Kensington and I thought I look at the pictures it looks pretty decent. However on arrival I realise that it was just a mediocre kind of place. I don’t really wanna judge until it was over but from start to end I would say that this was probably the worst afternoon tea I’ve ever been to.   Lack of attention lack of communication. The afternoon tea arrived and the waiter just put it on the table and walked off. There was no explanation of what we received and we didn’t see him again after this. Pretty poor service and pretty poor communication is why I gave it one star.   Who is disappointed with this hotel afternoon tea was not worth the money at all.,Date of stay: November 2019,1.0
83,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or80-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Great stay,Great stay.  The staff was excellent and the room was comfortable.  The breakfast was delicious. The location was great.  Major bus lines right outside and the train was a block away. 15 min walk to great shopping. ,Date of stay: October 2019,5.0
84,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or80-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,very poor excuse from the main recetion,"Two things you expect when you stop in a executive room, 1 To  be able to get to your room, 2  That have at least hot water , niether of these over the weeknd lifts not working and NO HOT WATER 1 1/2 DAYS. Very poor excuse from the receptionist then when ask why room had not been cleaned and no clean towels got poor excuse.  Certainly will not be stopping there again, the hotel is dirty in areas and area's need to be refurbished, apart from this its in a decent area, bus / taxis plentyfull. drinks overpriced wine £12.90 a class.",Date of stay: November 2019,2.0
85,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or85-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Avoid,This hotel is a liability to the Hilton chain. It is not up to standard. Rooms need refurbishment. No hot water for one day. Lifts not working. Avoid and don’t waste your money until it is refurbished.,Date of stay: November 2019,1.0
86,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or85-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Not a good weekend !!,"The hotel was struggling all weekend, no hot water, lifts broken, and to top it all we were told they had no staff to clean our room so we went with clean towels. Poor to say the least for a Hilton in London. The hotel is tried, not so clean in places and when we spoke to reception they just gave excuses with no apology, a disabled guest and an elderly couple we helped down stairs and staff uninterested. A shame because in the past I stayed here it was good. The hotel didn’t seem to busy, the car park was reasonable in price and handy. The bus into London central good but you need to pay by card. Food in the hotel average, and drinks a little on the expensive side. A good pub and Indian a short walk over from the hotel. Noisy as a busy road and a lot of sirens going by which…",Date of stay: November 2019,3.0
87,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or85-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Friendly Business Hotel,"I personally enjoyed my 5-night stay at Hilton Olympia.   The staff were friendly - from the front office, to the Executive lounge staff & specially the Restaurant Wait Service team.   I personally like Ranjiv/Sanjiv(?). He’s so friendly, attentive & all always smiling.   The hotel is conveniently located near bus stops, underground stations, convenient stores and restaurants.   While the rooms, elevators & other amenities are showing the hotel’s advance age, the whole place is clean, functional & well kept.   While their breakfast station has a good spread, the food are the same every day so it gets tiring if you’re staying beyond 3 nights.   ",Date of stay: October 2019,4.0
88,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or85-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Hilton Olympia,"There is no hot water, two lifts out of three not working. No apology signs and staff don’t care and make excuses. The Manger needs to look after his quests and communicate we had guest and paid for 2 executive rooms. If we were in the Hilton’s in America or China there would have been a very different attitude. Upsetting people with poor behaviours it not acceptable. I was going to book the Hilton in Rejkavic next week so will look else where. Poor.",Date of stay: November 2019,2.0
89,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or85-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,No hot water,"I hope this is not a sign for coming days, but the hotel doesn't have hot water right now. This is not a good sign. I have also requested to fix a busted TV remote control in my room, nothing was done. On the other hand it is well located...",Date of stay: November 2019,2.0
90,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or90-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"nice hotel , great staff enjoyable stay !!!","i have arrived at the hotel noon time and the receptionist made an effort to find me a room which he did and i was happy ! my room was 745 good size room which i found very satisfactory . sleep quality is excellent , i like soft pillows and like a spot light above the bed for reading before falling asleep. i booked the room with breakfast  , which is served on the first floor . the breakfast is good , but the star of the breakfast is the server samir ! he is always smiling , always accomodating  and pays close attention to guest needs ! i tried to stay in his section to enjoy his stellar service with a smile . chk out was a zip  , every time i approached the fd , no line and really 2 min wait , very good !! the only negative is that the hotel is a bit far from the tube station ,…",Date of stay: October 2019,4.0
91,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or90-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Room review,Overall I am satisfied with the stay at Hilton London Olympia. The single room was very spacious. Bathroom is nice. No Netflix option. TV Mount wasn’t able to move. So the angle of the tv to your bed is not ideal.,Date of stay: October 2019,4.0
92,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or90-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Past Its Best,"Disappointing hotel, with very little sound proofing from the noise of the traffic outside, the interior of the hotel needs to be refreshed, and the restaurant food was bland and atmosphere none existent.",Date of stay: October 2019,2.0
93,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or90-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,excellent value and good location,Executive lounge well staffed and managed  Restaurant and bar have reasonable prices. Front desk personnel friendly and helpful Location is good for travelers who don’t want the hustle and bustle of more tourist centered locales,Date of stay: October 2019,4.0
94,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or90-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Staff/Location Great; Property run down,Location is adjacent to the bus line and Kensington station is within walking distance (or hop on a bus). Shops and restaurants are close to the station. The staff was very friendly. The room was dusty and dark and one of the elevators did not work the majority of my week long stay. There is a small gym that served its purposes.,Date of stay: October 2019,3.0
95,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or95-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Poor Hilton.,"Poor rooms, poor service apart from breakfast. Very outdated and uncomfortable rooms. Room service was a disaster. I checked into my room digitally the day before but then my plans changed so I didn’t use the room that night. I had prepaid for 6 nights. They cancelled my booking. As a Hilton honors diamond member I then had to stand at reception sorting this out for 30 minutes and having the hotels policies explained to me on having to get a key when you check in, never heard such nonsense. ",Date of stay: October 2019,2.0
96,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or95-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Very convenient for South Kensington, Kensington High St & Notting Hill Gate","This hotel is very convenient for South Kensington, Kensington High St, Notting Hill Gate, Portobello Road, etc. The tube is useless for this area (Kensington Olympia is a special event District station) but buses 9, 23, 27 & 28 stop outside and get you into the West End and also to Paddington and Victoria mainline stations. We didn't test the food here, there is a lot of choice nearby. The room was reasonably comfortable although the plumbing for the shower backed up and refused to drain - that shouldn't happen in a hotel in the Hilton chain.",Date of stay: October 2019,3.0
97,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or95-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Could be better for a Hilton,"Stayed here for 4 nights. The location is great. Lots of local buses, close to shopping, restaurants. Did not have much interaction with the staff.  I have stayed in many hiltons across the world and this one simply doesnt meet the bar in terms of the room decor/comfort. The carpet was really dirty. At places it was just bulging up. Felt unclean. Bathroom looked dated and extremely congested. Even the chair tapestry looked like it has not been cleaned for a while. The TV remote felt from 19th century. You need to press and wait for sometime till the channel changes. The picture quality was really bad. Not good value for money. Don't recommend this at all.  Bed was ok. I expected more from this place and was very disappointed with the quality.",Date of stay: October 2019,2.0
98,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or95-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Convenient Location,"Chose this hotel for the location on High Street Kensington for the convenience of nearby attractions and eateries, as well as frequent bus services to the important sites in the city. Staff was courteous and helpful, and the room was comfortable. Compared to other hotels however, rooms are due for renovations  ",Date of stay: October 2019,4.0
99,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or95-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Needs improvement to be 4 star,"Good points Easy check in, very clean hotel and room. Good location for Olympia.  Bad points Room very dated, TV very old picture quality poor and it did not work correctly. We thought it was the remote control but even once batteries replaced it wouldn’t work to change channels etc. No bottled water in room. One tea bag each. Nothing in fridge to buy if thirsty. Bed mattress very thin and pillows, well you needn’t of bothered with them they were so flat. Shower- my husband got in the shower and his head was touching the ceiling, he is 6ft 2 so not a giant.  Personally I don’t know how this can be 4 star officially. Very disappointed it needs an injection of cash and bringing to modern day standards.",Date of stay: October 2019,3.0
100,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or100-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Bad,"Hotel reception staff are rude and not helpful, room is very outdated and small. Not good value for money. Paid extra to have access to exclusive lounge which was a waste of money. Breakfast options were very very small and cold not hot. Only plus of this hotel is that it is close to a tube station👍",Date of stay: October 2019,2.0
101,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or100-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"So Near,but So Great,","Stayed here a few times, the staff are excellent, so easy to check in, transport, Tube 2/3 mins away, Bus stop, outside, Shops about,, Talk about value for money, This must be the best value Hotel in London. We took the bus tour,from reception, Noeleen, checked us in, upgraded us, gave fantastic advise, Thank you Noeleen, Ive seen some reports, that I don,t feel are fair, as large hotel, and everyone seems to check in and check out same time, get the Hilton app, free, Our family love it here, Bar great , Service for drinks , breakfast ,excellent,.as with food, Is it the ritz? no< but great value, great staff, good beds, and bedrooms, we all love it, The main thing, really clean, friendly helpful staff, many thanks to them all.Saunders family,",Date of stay: October 2019,5.0
102,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or100-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Rooms disappointing ,"Meeting in Hammersmith and chose this hotel as generally have a great experience. Staff really helpful breakfast very good  and public areas were immaculate, fresh and modern  sadly the bedroom lacked that feel.  Very dated and basic inside.felt this was not the standard Hilton room  bedroom in need of an update",Date of stay: October 2019,3.0
103,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or100-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,In desperate need of a face lift,"Check-in: long, laborious albeit with friendly staff Lifts / Elevators: not enough of them for a hotel of this size. Be prepared to wait and wait and wait Rooms: tired and noisy if you are at the front of the building. A nice and bright alarm clock shines through the night. Bed: awful. Truly awful. Room service: I called and left a voicemail - I am still waiting on a reply Bar: table service that then allows them to apply a Service Charge to your drinks bill for the privileged of being served by a disaffected, miserable member of staff Breakfast: Be prepared to queue and then once you are in there it is a bit of a free for all Check out: quick and easy  Location: great if you are going to Olympia but I would suggest trying elsewhere, the location does not justify the poor…",Date of stay: October 2019,2.0
104,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or100-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Need of a makeover ,"The hotel is very centrally placed, and the staff are very pleasant. The hotel is very run down and in need of a refurbishment. The wallpaper is peeling, paint work chipped and carpets threadbare in places and rucked. The bathrooms are very dated, on the whole quite clean. The elevators are very small and therefore there can often be quite a wait to get into a lift as only about four people can fit in at one time. The food in the restaurant and bar was very good, but the service slow.",Date of stay: October 2019,3.0
105,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or105-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Distinctly Average,"Really just in need of a huge face-lift!  The rooms look like they haven't been touched since the 70s.  Also, they should consider starting breakfast earlier than 06.30, especially if they want to attract more business persons.  Also, being London, ask for a high room or a room facing away from the street, since the traffic is very busy most of the day and night.",Date of stay: October 2019,3.0
106,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or105-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Come on feel the noise....,I've stayed in quite a few hiltons including this one and generally satisfied with the place though Hilton is no longer a name synomous with luxury- sort of of an upmarket premier inn or at least that's what the reception area intimates. Our rooms here have generally faced the side road with reasonable views and been relatively quiet but this time we were unlucky to have inward facing rooms (eg 315) and on the third floor this is a bad idea as they face metal ducts connected with air conditioning/ heating/ toilet system (at least that was how it was labelled)and with associated low hum faint with windows closed but annoying when windows opened. Sadly this was not evident until we returned from a concert later that evening otherwise I would have asked for another room. Bed…,Date of stay: October 2019,3.0
107,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or105-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Embarrassed and ashamed! ,"Hilton should be embarrassed and ashamed to have their name on the front of this property. Dated is an understatement. Do not stay here. Staff and service are solid, but the property is disgusting. Bugs in the room, carpet stained, you’ll need to bend over to take a shower if you are taller than 150 cm because of the ceiling height, torn drapery and wallpaper, you’ll need your phone flash light to shower or shave in the dark rooms. ",Date of stay: October 2019,1.0
108,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or105-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Very Poor Hilton,"The lobby and restaurant areas are decent but the rooms were smelly, old, cold, and dirty.  Hallways and rooms smell like dirty socks and old pee.  Extremely dated property and I am shocked that the Olympia conference centre is affiliated with this very poor hotel.  When you are booking with a conference group you end up being sort of trapped here after arriving and I’m sure they count on this fact to keep the money coming in, but it is extremely dishonest to do this to business travellers.  Staff were very helpful and nice, they probably feel bad for all the conference guests who get stuck here.  Terrible and will not be booking Hilton again after this awful experience.",Date of stay: October 2019,2.0
109,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or105-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Very Poor. Would not recommend ,"Well I have to say this is the worst Hilton I have stayed at. The reception area and communal areas are nice but the rooms are very dated and grotty. I was on the 4th floor facing the main road and due to the very old, thin and decrepit windows, not only was it extremely noisy but there was also a really bad draft. This place is a light sleepers absolute nightmare! I definitely would not stay here again. ",Date of stay: October 2019,1.0
110,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or110-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Perfect stay,"After reading other reviews about this hotel, I was dubious. So much so that it played on my mind as I travelled to stay here. I am so glad that I ignored the previous reviews and chose to stay here. My husband and I had arrived early at the hotel at 10.30 after travelling from Newcastle upon Tyne, we had attempted to request early check in prior to arrival but were told this was unavailable. As a pleasant surprise, we were told that our room was ready when we turned up at 10.30. The room we had (Room 836) was extremely spacious as we had paid for a king executive room as an upgrade. The bed was incredibly comfortable and additional pillows were provided upon request. The air conditioning was easy to use and with the window open the noise was minimal - certainly nothing like…",Date of stay: October 2019,5.0
111,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or110-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Convenient location but disappointing rooms,"Recently stayed for a business conference at Olympia. Hilton Olympia was booked on my behalf and was part of a bulk booking including other colleagues. Main reception area, bar and breakfast area had clearly been redecorated recently and can't fault them. However, onto the rooms. I was one of the lucky ones with my room at the back of the hotel but many of my colleagues with rooms over looking the main road at the front were kept awake at night by sirens and car alarms. All the rooms we experienced were very dated and in desperate need of upgrading. Last year we stayed at the Hilton in Islington by the Business Design Centre which had been updated really well so in comparison the Hilton Olympia was very disappointing. This lack of consistency across the brand would make me think…",Date of stay: October 2019,3.0
112,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or110-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Convenient for Olympia but Poor by Hilton Standards,Positives:  Looks nice from the outside Only a few minutes walk from Olympia Breakfast choices was good  Negatives:  Room desperately in need of refresh / refurbishment Very noisy at night (windows don't appear to offer any resistance to sounds from outside) Shower temperature choices were only either cold or very cold Service in the bar / restaurant extremely slow at night. Breakfast chaotic with not enough seating room Food OK but overpriced  Just not up to the usual Hilton standard I'm sorry to say,Date of stay: October 2019,2.0
113,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or110-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Very convenient for Olympia .. overall average ..,"With a 2-day conference at Olympia, I wanted a nearby hotel and as a Hilton Diamond I was pleased to locate this hotel.  Having just come from a great room in the Belfast Hilton, I was extremely displeased to be offered one of the hotel's worst rooms: a small interior room with a frosted window (if it even was a window) - despite checking in in good time (4 PM) and given my status - 10 years Diamond.  It was totally claustrophic. These rooms should be offered at a major discount!  Our eventual room was OK, but like much of the hotel a bit dated .. (eg, no plugs near the bed, hand-basin plug got stuck., temperature hard to control). And the elevators are slow .. go for a low floor room where you can use the stairs.  On the plus side, a good lounge, and friendly staff.  Don't be…",Date of stay: October 2019,3.0
114,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or110-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Average hotel and Poor Bar service.,"Name is Hilton,but customer experience is not that great . Hotel is safe as compared to other hotels in London. It's near to exhibition ..Average hotel ,not wow . I will recommend to book this hotel ,but you can try other also ..because you will not get anything exciting here.",Date of stay: September 2019,3.0
115,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or115-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Needs updating,"Stayed for three nights. Reception and bar area very pleasant and lull you into thinking the rest of the décor will be similar. It isn't! Corridors and rooms in serious need of refurbishment and modernisation. Staff generally very friendly and helpful, though I watched at least three members of the staff walk past some very obvious rubbish on the floor, before I picked it up and disposed of it. I wouldn't return unless I knew the place had received a facelift.",Date of stay: September 2019,3.0
116,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or115-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Coldest rooms ever,"Checked in at 3.00pm temperature outside 19deg Room freezing with air con set at 21deg. Turned it up to 24.5 got back at 10.45 room absolutely freezing. Moved to another room, even colder a fact acknowkledged by the porter. Moved to another room, still cold. Night manager arrives admits room is cold and scurries of ""to sort out heating"" lost track. Of our luggage and now 45 minutes gone. Room still cold sitting in our coats. 4 nights booked in an igloo. £225 per night and I can't report them to the police for robbery Hilton get a grip and offer service and comfort because at the moment you don't ",Date of stay: September 2019,1.0
117,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or115-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,great staff,"I stayed here last week and as a former GSA, I must admit Valls went above and beyond to make me feel welcome at this property. Got my gold member upgrade and the room was lovely. I also enjoyed breakfast very much, probably the best hash browns I've had in a while.",Date of stay: September 2019,5.0
118,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or115-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,An old hotel in extreme need to be refurbished,This hotel was at Hilton standards maybe 30 years ago but today is just an hold building in extreme need to be refurbished from the top to the bottom. A pity for the Hilton brand to keep hotels in such conditions.,Date of stay: September 2019,1.0
119,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or115-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Poor Service ,"Location is pretty good but £165 for single room!? Small gym room but adequate enough for me. Room are a bit run down. I stayed for one night but when I returned back to check out of my room at 11:30am following early morning work I found they had cancelled my reservation and I wasn’t able to get back in to my room to gather my belongings. They had a coach load of people they were checking in 3.5 hours early and it was chaos in the lobby, why check in before check out has finished? Eventually I managed to gain access to my room to gather my belongings and check out (luckily they hadn’t allocated it to someone else that could of helped themselves to my stuff). I was told that everything would be corrected but it wasn’t and had to phone the hotel to gain the correct VAT invoice…",Date of stay: September 2019,1.0
120,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or120-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Hotel is over priced and very tired,Stayed in a single room.  Almost £150 and didn’t include breakfast.  Hotel is very over priced for the tired looking room .   Lifts were slow.  The whole hotel is in need of a refurb.  Poor shabby decor around the hotel.   Shower leaked everywhere as the curtain didn’t reach to where the shower was. On the positive It’s in a very convenient location for Olympia and station  which is a 2 min walk away . Ate in the bar.  Again food and drink very expensive for what it was £6.80 a pint £18 for burger and chips,Date of stay: September 2019,2.0
121,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or120-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Great staff and great facilities,Close to good bus and tube links with a great bar and restaurant on the first floor. Nice accessible rooms with showers or baths and very clean. Has an underground car park and a small fitness suite. Staff are friendly and helpful.,Date of stay: September 2019,4.0
122,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or120-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"If conducting business at the Olympia London, this should be your home.","I have always maintained that the front desk staff can make or break the hotel experience. I was fortunate to have Dohyung looking after me and though I was a tad early for check-in, she had me settled and situated on the 7th floor within a few minutes. As Canadian manufacturers, we were exhibiting at Olympia London and while we have enjoyed the Hilton Kensington in past, this location just down the street from Olympia was perfect for our team.   My room had been remodelled though some of my group needed to relocate a few floors higher from where they were originally placed. Not a problem from the front end though. That is just the way it works when properties are updating rooms and still juggling guests. Someone gets the spiffy newer digs while others have slightly older rooms.…",Date of stay: September 2019,5.0
123,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or120-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Room Cleanliness letdown," location was good and staff friendly but rooms not cleaned properly before and during stay - there was long hair in the bathroom/tub and didn't get cleaned for a few days, made my skin crawl getting into bed, I was was working at Olympia so early mornings and late nights",Date of stay: September 2019,2.0
124,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or120-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Staff are wonderful :-),"Stayed here for 2 nights and after reading some, not so good reviews was pleasantly surprised how clean the public spaces and most importantly, our room was. We stayed in 726 which was recently decorated and had everything we needed and even a small bottle of bubbly and personalised welcome note to celebrate our 25th anniversary. We had a meal in the Society Bar, cod and chips and a pizza that was too big to finish, couple of drinks and a cocktail to finish off was around £60. The staff here are the stars, always ready to say hello with a smile on their faces. Two downsides to our stay, the tv had a poor reception and kept gliching so not possible to watch anything properly. That didn't really bother us as we were out most of the time. Secondly the drum from what I think was the…",Date of stay: September 2019,4.0
125,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or125-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Tried to profit from my misfortune in having booking website going bust,"Made a booking through Amoma, who went bust, and Hilton cancelled the reservation. When tried to rebook and pay for the second time, HIlton would not give any discount and indeed upped the price by 60%, blatantly trying to profit from my misfortune. Had they honoured the orginal price, they would not have been out of pocket at all. Very immoral - will not deal with this place again",Date of stay: September 2019,1.0
126,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or125-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Room needs work,"Well visited the Hilton, I was early to check in, so had to wait for an hour before getting my room, looking around noticed that the carpet was torn/worn out near the door, the TV and report need replacing since remote even a few inches away, wouldn't pick up anything at all. The large floor lights him, the wiring needs work since I believe bare wires are exposed and the light itself isn't operational, this was reported to front of house, still waiting for them to fix it. But overall the room is very worn out and the pillows so soft will have to strap a few  together to get anything firmer. Overall the hotel needs a refit urgently, like a few other people have already mentioned.",Date of stay: September 2019,2.0
127,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or125-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Run down hotel but there are some positives,"A friend booked this hotel for us last minute due to the agreeable price and his Hilton Honors membership. When I read all the negative reviews here on TripAdvisor, I was expecting the worst – run down and cramped room, dysfunctional toilets, showerheads and air conditioning units that do not work.  At least the hotel is on Kensington High Street, with a lot of shops, groceries and restaurants, although further out west.  An Asian restaurant is just around the corner (always packed – 1 minute walk), as well as a Middle Eastern grocery/deli. There’s a Tesco Superstore just a 10 minute walk from the hotel. To access the main tourist destinations, we had to walk 20 minutes to High Street Kensington tube station (or take any bus going east) since the nearby Kensington (Olympia)…",Date of stay: June 2019,3.0
128,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or125-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,DO NOT STAY HERE,This hotel is not what is presented in the photos.  Was put up here for a work trip and unable to move hotels as everything was sold out.  First night the room smelled like urine.  They moved rooms second night which smelled like a dirty gym locker w/ mildew clothes.  Finally moved to a room that did not smell.  This place is old and small. I asked the hotel to complimentary launder some clothes given our bad experience and they said they could not.  DO NOT STAY HERE.,Date of stay: September 2019,1.0
129,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or125-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,London Base,"Staff from reception, restaurant and concierge went out of their way to be extremely helpful and made our stay wonderful. Location was excellent for accessing transportation, shopping and London highlights ",Date of stay: August 2019,5.0
130,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or130-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Hotel need a refurbished,"hotel need to be refurbished, however staff is very polite and ambiance is nice. Good breakfast and good quality of food. The lounge bar has a good set up and food is good. They are offer a good pizza delivery to your room as well. For the right price is a good deal.",Date of stay: September 2019,3.0
131,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or130-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,DO NOT STAY HERE!,"Hello,  I stayed at this terrible place from 7th to 9th September.  The booking was done from one of our company's suppliers and supposedly had a good corporate rates. What a surprise when one day after check-in saw rates 40% lower in booking.com. From 250 Pond to 130!!!  Asked at front desk if possible to check-out and check in again with newer cheaper rates or if they could match prices upon my check-out. The excuses were:  - Ah, this is booked from sales department and they do not work today (it was Sunday), contact tomorrow  - Ah, I will have to charge 50% of the total booking if you cancel (I never understood and explained why... this booking was done by a 3rd party company and I PAID so can cancel anytime)  - The rates are like this the time they booked, we can not make it…",Date of stay: September 2019,1.0
132,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or130-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,WONDERFUL HOTEL,"Excellent location, plenty of restaurants and shops within walking distance. Hotel staff very friendly and knowledgeable. A definite plus to my U.K. visit. Only a stone's throw from Harrods. I will stay at this location on my visit next year.",Date of stay: August 2019,5.0
133,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or130-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,One of the lowest cost Hiltons in London,"Its next to Kensington Olympia Overground, and bus 9, and 10 got to central London via High Street Kensington. It has two buildings the one next to the raiway line is much much better than the older one next to the road to Wesway (noisy from road and dark) Food is better than average across all meals and there are some good local choices as well. Next to Olympia, 10 mins walk to Earls Court and Westfield so its a good base",Date of stay: September 2019,4.0
134,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or130-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Still favorite.,"The friendly personal service at this hotel is the best of any of the many Hilton properties we visit. Welcomed as a return guest, I was actually recognized. From the check in to a late check out, every aspect of my visit was pleasant. I will return soon and I thank the staff for their many kindnesses. ",Date of stay: September 2019,5.0
135,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or135-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Great Location, Great Service","Was in London for a trade show at Olympia. For that purpose, this hotel could not be more convenient. It is literally just a 3-4 minute walk from the expo hall. Check in was flawless with Pablo who was very pleasant and helpful. Scored a nice corner room that looked like it was last remodeled in the 1990's. However, everything was in good shape and it felt warm and comfortable. Street noise was minimal even though I was facing Kensington High Street. Bathroom could use a remodel but again was perfectly adequate.   The one thing this hotel could do to have received a five-star rating from me? Put in lamps with at least USB ports and hopefully electrical outlets! Finding a receptacle to plug in all of my devices was challenging. I ended up going down the street to a hardware store…",Date of stay: September 2019,4.0
136,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or135-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,IJL 2019 Show Visit,Location is perfect for people visiting Olympia for Shows and seminars. Breakfast service is excellent and good ambience. Ease and convenience of all modes of transport and accessible to 3 tubelike stations.,Date of stay: September 2019,5.0
137,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or135-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Helpful friendly staff but hotel tired,"Visited hotel for business and have done for 5 years.   Front of house reasonably well presented, with decent bar. The bedrooms, lifts etc are tired and are in need of some TLC. for instance in my room the TV didnt work.  They are however clean,  and provided decent hairdryer and nice toiltries. Saving grace of the hotel was the staff, everyone was welcoming and helpful.  ",Date of stay: September 2019,3.0
138,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or135-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Cockroach infestation,"Stayed at this hotel over the bank holiday weekend during Notting Hill Carnival.. not going for the breakfast option was a blessing in disguise after discovering a rather large cockroach in the hotel lobby. After notifying concierge and filming the creature, having to point it out. The member of staff then proceeded to walk over and crunch it with his shoe, pick it up and throw it out the doors. No words of reassurance spoken to us, no apology. We left early the next morning after an awful sleep. Since leaving we contacted the Guest relations manager, and front of house manager we have been rather unsatisfied therefore decided to share our review. Their answer was to offer a discount off a “future stay!”",Date of stay: September 2019,1.0
139,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or135-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Amazing hospitality ,"From check in to check out  5days stayed in the hotel ,nice hotel with wonderful staff from Pedro to steffy to every1 at reception was very good . All staff in Room service-good Restaurant/bar- good  Housekeeping- good",Date of stay: August 2019,5.0
140,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or140-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Location, food and warm staff","Wonderful breakfast, very welcoming and high-standards customer service. Great location, breakfast is delicious. Hotel is located just steps away from bus stops and a two blocks away from the overground train station ",Date of stay: August 2019,5.0
141,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or140-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Worst check in, rude staff and AC not working","Had to wait a while for check in and when finally being checked in by Cean, who was extremely rude and not apologetic in any way despite serving 2 other customers while we were asked to wait.!!!! Get to the room, and the AC is not working!!! Most pathetic Hilton ever. Wouldn’t bother staying here ever.  ",Date of stay: August 2019,1.0
142,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or140-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Perfect location for Olympia Exhibition Center ,"I would like to thank the staff at this Hotel who made our stay so great. Firstly, Pedro, and  Bruna, nothing was too much trouble for them, with an excellent customer service. The room was fantastic, it had everything you could wish for, and with excellent views of Olympia.  Valentina the Executive lounge Hostess was so helpful, the lounge is kept immaculately clean and one of the best we have been too.  A super Hotel with a fantastic team of staff. ",Date of stay: August 2019,5.0
143,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or140-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Great hotel.,"Stayed at this hotel.back in april whilst on a.trip.for Easter to.legoland, legoland has a great selection of hotels.on site however if you fancy a bit of sight.seeing and a day on.tje park this is a great choice. Bus to.legoland stops directly across the road and goes direct.to the gates of legoland and is very frequent for.a.return.. Hotel rooms.were big and spacious and very clean arrived early and room was ready so.was allowed to check in and go to the room straightaway. Breakfast was amazing also.in the hotel and staff very friendly.  Nearest station is Kensington Olympia which is literally next door and.brings u a.stop away from.westfield shopping centre.  Kensington high street underground is a short walk the other way also. If your coming from Heathrow airport barons…",Date of stay: April 2019,4.0
144,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or140-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Dated rooms doesn't deserve to be a Hilton,"One of the worst Hilton rooms ever, they need a major do over. Check in was smooth staff is nice and everyone is eager to help but do not be fooled by the cover up of this hotel because once you enter your room you will be disappointed or even disgusted in my case. The bathroom of my particular room I stayed in stunk really bad, I also complained about it and even sprayed it myself but the stink just never went away. The stink was either coming from the shower curtains because they were too long with cotton fabric and do tend to drench in water as they literally take up most of the space inside the tub or it was the sewage but it was really bad. The shower itself was super slow and didn't have enough pressure. View from the room was also unpleasant with a moldy roof. The…",Date of stay: August 2019,2.0
145,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or145-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Good hotel ,"Good hotel....especially very convenient location, 5 min walk to High Street Kensington. rooms are a little old with smaller toilets but comfortable.. and the staff are helpful  Especially if you want to stay in central London ",Date of stay: August 2019,4.0
146,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or145-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Tired Hilton ,Just a quick review to say how tired this Hilton is becoming. The room was tatty and the shower was over the bath and in need of a refurb. The room smelled of shake and vac. The bed was ok but old wardrobes and as a Hilton member I had to request my free water. Water that comes in non reusable plastic.   The bar is decent but the prices are over high. The bar staff couldn’t be more helpful and courteous. The reception team were also very courteous and it was an efficient check in although I had to ask about the free water which they then gave me. It would have been nice for this to be in glass bottles and in the room prior to arrival.  I was offered breakfast but declined.   The rooms need a refurbish. At least the showers need updating. ,Date of stay: August 2019,3.0
147,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or145-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Good Location/Good Service,"My husband, daughter and I just stayed at this hotel in London and although it is an older hotel, rooms are small compared to others and there are stairs in some areas, it is in a good location, right on the 9 and 23 bus routes and the staff is very helpful and cordial. Kudos to Cean at the reception desk - helpful and pleasant; Pradeep Bisso, (night manager?) in the restaurant/bar area - SO very pleasant and cordial and his bar staff Gabriel and Dale. Pradeep recommended the Sea Trout on the menu and it was absolutely delicious - almost like salmon. Conciere Fest was very helpful in making arrangements for a large taxi - we had LOTS of baggage!!- to return to the airport early in the day. We would recommend the Hilton Olympia if you are looking for a hotel that is not located…",Date of stay: August 2019,4.0
148,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or145-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Mrs,Excellent service all round. Reception and Concierge  were very helpful. Great location for train and Tube to all areas. Breakfast very good selection. Air conditioning controls in bedroom work well. Very comfortable beds and bed linen. Accommodating for luggage minding.,Date of stay: August 2019,4.0
149,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or145-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Beds very hard. ,"Stayed here for one night. Woke up feeling very achy due to hard beds. Room needs a refurbishment, felt very dated and needs freshening up. Wasn’t what I normally expect from a Hilton. In the morning, housekeeping visited 3 TIMES expecting the room to be empty prior to check-out time at 12. First time was at 8:30am!! Breakfast was good, like every other Hilton. Good restaurant staff. Nice but small lobby area. Concierge very helpful.   The room was the let down for our stay. Will not be staying at this Hilton again!",Date of stay: August 2019,3.0
150,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or150-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel but beware of room 722.,"Stayed 2 nights, price fair, below £100/night. Got upgraded to executive double room upon arrival which was nice. Room was modern, looked fine  and seemed to be refurbished not too long ago. 2 major flaws though. When someone in the room beside or above you flushed, it sounded like theNiagara falls. Woke me up both nights. Also, had an interconnecting door which was not soundproof at all which meant one could easily hear the telephone conversation in that room. If you can avoid room 722, the hotel is definitely value for money.",Date of stay: August 2019,3.0
151,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or150-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,A good predictable Hilton experience in a hotel showing its age,"As expected, the service by the Hilton staff was great. This hotel is definitely showing its age though and the rooms are looking tired. The restaurant is nice and modern and was updated recently. If you are staying at an event for Olympia, this is still a great, convenient hotel. I come back every year for GBBF.",Date of stay: August 2019,4.0
152,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or150-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,I want the pillows!!,Thank you ..a really lovely stay . Room was spotless and so cool . Executive lounge staff were charming and polite especially on Wednesday evening..think Mikele was his name. Please can you let me know where I can buy the pillows..you need to start selling them ..totally brilliant nights sleep!  Thanks again,Date of stay: August 2019,5.0
153,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or150-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Typical London Stay in a Good Location,"I recently spent 3 nights here on a work trip. We had meetings at a different nearby hotel, but I got a better rate (and Hilton points) for staying here so it was an easy decision for me.  The lobby and restaraunt areas were attractive, clean and welcoming. I didn't use the gym but I checked it out, it has some free weights and several exercise bikes and a couple treadmills. The rooms were typical London hotel rooms, i.e. small, outdated and a bit loud (I was on the Kensington High Street side so I heard a couple emergency vehicles during the night), but par for the course for most of the London hotels I've stayed in over the years.  The staff was helpful and friendly, and they have set price discount contracts for taxis to Heathrow (I spent almost 70 pounds coming in, but only…",Date of stay: August 2019,3.0
154,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or150-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,3 day stay,"Very clean room, staff were pleasant and helpful.  10 minute walk to the bus, 15 minute walk to the tube.  Good location with several restaurants and pubs nearby.  Breakfast buffet was very good with many choices.",Date of stay: August 2019,4.0
155,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or155-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Convenient, Comfortable, but in Need of Renovation","This is a convenient, and comfortable Hilton, a two-minute walk from London Olympia. As such, we found it excellently placed for the event we were attending. Hilton Honors members are greeted as such on arrival with a welcome discount for breakfast, and free WiFi. Sleep quality was good, as our room faced the back of the hotel. What we lacked in terms of a view, we gained in sleep quality. The front of the hotel is ont he busy Kensington High Street. On a late Honors deal, we were not overly concerned, but the rooms and corridor areas (though clean and well prepared) are clearly in need of extensive renovation to come up to the usual standard for a property of this bracket. The furniture and decor is of some age, rooms are smaller than average, and the property is clearly in…",Date of stay: July 2019,3.0
156,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or155-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Great location & lovely hotel,"I had never stayed at this hotel before and after booking it I checked this site and wondered if I should cancel and book another hotel.  I’m glad I didn’t as the hotel was lovely, it’s in a great location and the staff were really friendly.  The room I had was lovely, overlooking Kensington High Street and being on a busy road I thought I’d be awake all night. I never even noticed the road outside when I went to sleep.  The food in the hotel is delicious and the bar and waiting staff were all extremely polite and attentive.  I would definitely stay here again when in that area of London.",Date of stay: July 2019,5.0
157,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or155-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Worse hilton in london,"Hotel standards are poor, rooms very very old and smell.  Noisy can hear street traffic all night did not sleep  Doubletrees and hamptons are better than this  Rooms are not clean carpets stained, bed creaks, definitely not what you expect from a hilton hotel, this is the lowest of the low ",Date of stay: August 2019,1.0
158,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or155-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Great room, and excellent staff - review by wheelchair user","Excellent staff - polite, friendly and attentive, I felt welcome and valued. As a disabled traveller, I've often felt like something of a burden, it nothing could have been further from that.  The room size was very good, and having a wet room was a blessing as my mobility and coordination is very impaired. All switches and handles were easily accessible from my wheelchair. Comfortable bed and housekeeping well up to standard. If I had one criticism it would be the decor could use freshening up, but it's a negligible issue  A good range of breakfast offered, with all tastes catered for and helpful staff. In house drinks and food can be very expensive, so I would recommend visiting one of the many local restaurants.   A great location for the Olympia Exhibition Centre (my…",Date of stay: July 2019,4.0
159,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or155-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Two stats are for the staff,"These are amongst if not the best staff I have ever had the pleasure to meet. What a lovely team. Especially the food and beverage team. Just lovely. Thank you so much for the time and investment made in the guest experience  But that’s it. Hilton has to deal with the rooms. They are a little small but you can work with that. Rooms are drab, old out of date. Tired and boring. A bit depressing. Bed a little firm for me but that’s just personal taste. Hilton please take out the ridiculous TV sets. Both out rooms tv’s were frustrating and so slow that I gave up. Tv please with a proper TV guide. The bathroom is fine for 1986. Shower over the bath for £250 a night. Is not good. Your Stansted is not 4 star. It’s so outdated. Local bed and breakfast establishments are far more modern.…",Date of stay: July 2019,2.0
160,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or160-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Good Hotel in good location,"Stayed in Executive room for a week, looked out over Olympia, bit noisy so could not leave windows open (not a big issue).  Room was large enough to  work and not feel cramped.  Used Executive Lounge for breakfast and evening canapes.  Selection was not huge but was varied enough to feel satisfied.  The lounge, although small, is very comfortable with the staff always pleasant and helpful.    Location is great.  Access to Westfield and other shopping areas are all within a ten minute walk so are a number of railway stations (over and under ground).  I have stayed in much more luxurious Hilton's around the world (and London) but the London Olympia was excellent for a weeks business trip and being able to go out at night or weekends.  It also provide a great location to have daily…",Date of stay: April 2019,4.0
161,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or160-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Honest Opinion,"So we booked this hotel because it was the closest to Olympia for Comicon. Hotel is in a really great location and just a 2 min walk away.  We had an Executive room which came with Executive lounge benefits and because of the nearly 40 degrees heat the room was lovely and cold to walk into.  The bathroom is nice and a fully powerful shower but not good if you are over 6 foot as the ceiling is very low.  The bar on 1st floor is very welcoming and not a bad choice of bar meals either.   We did have some issues with the room which has been resolved, hence the 3star rating, but I am hoping on my next visit to upgrade it to a four star which I really do think it should be.  ",Date of stay: July 2019,3.0
162,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or160-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Don’t bother,"Booked in for 2 nights, over £500. So far room very basic even though it’s an executive room, no pictures on the wall even. Plug sockets don’t work near bed so can’t charge my phone and set the alarm, even the kettle won’t stay on unless you hold the switch. The bar will not serve you a drink without your name and room number even though paying cash.  In need of a full referb, will NOT stay here again",Date of stay: July 2019,1.0
163,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or160-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Good hotel,The hotel was kind of old but rooms and location are not bad for its value. Breakfast was excellent and the staff were always very nice and welcoming. Everything was clean and in order. Would definitely stay again.,Date of stay: July 2019,4.0
164,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or160-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Very disappointing, nowhere near Hilton standard","We’ve been HH Diamond for seven consecutive years and travelled the world staying at Hilton. This is by far the worse Hilton we ever stayed at. Overall the hotel is dirty and worn down and the restaurant a disaster. Also, the lack of staff customer service is not worthy of a Hilton.",Date of stay: July 2019,1.0
165,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or165-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Dissapointing experience - lets down the Hilton Brand,"Very Poor, Rooms not Ready \ rooms very tired and dated \ beds not setyo (TWIN) as requested.  Had to request 3 times before it was done, also back of the hotel was quite noisy.  I usually look forward to the Hilton Breakfast but Coffee from a dispensing machine tasted disgusting, surprised how far ",Date of stay: July 2019,2.0
166,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or165-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Lovely stay,"Very nice hotel, great rooms, friendly staff, location was perfect for the Olympia.  Room was clean.  Check in staff were friendly and helpful. Breakfast was fresh and delicious.  Would recommend and would go back.",Date of stay: July 2019,5.0
167,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or165-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Afternoon tea,What a lovely tea my friend and I enjoyed on Wednesday. Made very welcome and received excellent service from the wonderful Remus. Had a little trouble (my fault entirely) with my Groupon voucher but with determination it was resolved with much help from him. The sandwiches could have been more imaginative but overall very happy with our treats. Highly recommend a visit if you’re in the area.,Date of stay: July 2019,5.0
168,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or165-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Another Great Stay At The Hilton,"Stayed here on a Sunday night as we were going to the Ritz for Sunday Lunch.  It was the best price for a Hilton and  not a bad location, the number 9 picks up outside and takes you direct to The Ritz.  One of the older Hilton’s in London, but this is reflected in the price.  The main reception areas are updated, trendy and nice, including the restaurant for breakfast.  As usual the service is second to none, this is why the Hilton is alway my first choice.  Would definitely stay here again.",Date of stay: June 2019,4.0
169,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or165-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,FOOD 10/10,"Analysing full hotel  This hotel is situated in Kensington, which is convenient if you want to escape from the hustle and bustle of central London as it is quieter there.   THE BREAKFAST was amazing. Great selection of hot and cold food and drinks. Staff were fast and friendly. Although if there is a business conference, depending on the time you head to breakfast it can be quite busy and sometimes a 5 minute wait for your table.  THE ROOM overall was very comfortable, had everything you would expect in it except the window did not open. There was air con so this wasn’t a problem but some people do prefer the window being open instead.  THE STAFF We’re so pleasant. Very chatty and took an intreset in your needs. Printed out our boarding passes and showed us where everything was.…",Date of stay: April 2019,4.0
170,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or170-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Afternoon Tea,"Two birthdays and four gorgeous gals enjoyed a late afternoon tea and outstanding service by Remaus. Excellent welcome and service. Excellent presentation and customer service and great rapport. Champagne, cocktails and more. Excellent value for money! Thank you LSGS",Date of stay: July 2019,5.0
171,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or170-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Great stay at the Olympia ,We stayed at the Olympia for 3 nights and were treated very well the staff at this hotel are excellent and a real credit especially Samir in the restaurant he was brilliant. The room was nice a little noisy at night could do with better windows but noise is expected on a busy main road. It was our second stay at the Olympia and would definitely go back.,Date of stay: July 2019,4.0
172,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or170-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Lunch at the Hilton,"Four ladies went for lunch as birthday present for two of them.  The food was beautifully presented and include some scone, sandwiches and exquisite chocolates dessert.  We were served excellent by Remus.  He made sure that were were placed in a fabulous seat and he was really nice to be around.  At the end  of the evening Remus found and kept my gold earring for safe-keeping until I went to pick  it  up  It would have got me over £100 pound to replace them otherwise.  If you want a good afternoon for light tea and  a sit down for a special occasion then the Hilton is the one.  We had an excellent time.",Date of stay: July 2019,5.0
173,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or170-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Fine location, friendly staff and comfortable rooms","Stayed there for with our tour group, Love the location, From Heathrow Airport you can either take a cab or the Piccadilly underground line (train).  The Hotel is close to the Kensington Olympia Overground station, about 5 minutes walk or the Baron Court Station about 15 minutes walk.  The Hotel also offers the Hop-on hop off bus tickets, and other Day tour tickets.  The gentlemen  in the concierge desk are approachable, efficient, and are knowledgeable about the day tours too. The bus stop is a few steps from the hotel which my family and I really like.  You don't have to worry about going to places as there are several ways to get to just about anywhere, the Underground, Overground and buses are steps or few minutes walk from the hotel.  Rooms are clean, hallways are tidy, …",Date of stay: June 2019,5.0
174,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or170-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Average ups and downs,"Stayed a few days, confortable bed but terrible views from the window, all I could see was the enclosed back with many other windows over a grey background. Meeting room was booked but it took 30 minutes for someone to sort out cables problems with sound and projector, they sorted, but there should be no delays anyway. The breakfast was not bad at all but in the evening we were not allowed to open our bottle of wine with friends at the bar tables, even though we were prepared to order food and the bar was empty! I guess some people do their job properly and others don't, too big to manage everyone, so ups and downs, I consider it just average, for a price you pay for something better than average.",Date of stay: June 2019,3.0
175,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or175-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Horrible Stay,"Besides the hotel being old and dirty and not a true representation of Hilton and certainly not a 4 star hotel, (I will be sending you photos). We had two unfortunate situations. First, the night before 9our check out the fire alarm went off at 2:30 am and most of the guests came running down to the lobby, including my client, only to find no one from the hotel to direct guests. We stood in the lobby for an hour not know what truly happened. Around 3:15 am someone came and said it was a false alarm. The hotel had no real fire drill nor a plan of communication for all the guest.    Second, we arranged transportation through the hotel; the driver that was reserved for us by the hotel, was very nice as well as the concierge; the issue we had (with him the driver), was that he…",Date of stay: July 2019,1.0
176,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or175-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Nice place,"good value, good service, good location, lobby area restaurant and executive lounge are very nice, rest of the hotel corridors and rooms can use an update.  However, would stay at this location again on future trip and would recommend.",Date of stay: July 2019,4.0
177,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or175-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Hotel close to Olympia and great for exploring kensington high street and london,"After reading several poor reviews for this hotel, we were not quite sure what to expect, however, we were pleasantly surprised when we arrived. Public areas refurbished. Upgraded to an executive room - very large room, good decor, very clean, good standard. Hotel is planning to upgrade rooms in the future.  Bottle water, Bathrobe, slippers, fridge. Exec lounge small but plenty of seating looks at though refurbished modern - did not serve afternoon tea but nice coffee machine and fruit juice machine - fruit bowl and savoury nibbles (nuts, pretzels) in jars. Evening 6-8pm plenty of hot and cold food - veg soup, stroganoff and rice, mixed salad, hummus and crudités, cheese and biscuits and chutney, lemon drizzle cake. Good selection of spririts, Prosecco, red, white wine. Staff in…",Date of stay: April 2019,5.0
178,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or175-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Classic Hilton experience,I travel quite a lot and always try to get into a Hilton. This was the right choice once again. Staff at check in could not have been more helpful. Room was a good size and quality fittings throughout. 6th floor was quiet. Restaurant was good.,Date of stay: July 2019,5.0
179,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or175-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Nice staff make up for tired hotel,"All the staff were friendly and efficient. Stayed two nights and ate in the bar for dinner on one night.  Rooms are good size and clean, but dated. Noise from neighbouring rooms through wall.  Bar area and dinner was good. Generous portions of reasonably priced “pub menu” food.   Staff on reception and in bar were all very welcoming and helpful. Best thing in the hotel is the service. Well done !  Prices seem to vary considerably, but we found a fair priced offer as Honors members. If you can find a good deal this is a reliable Hilton.  ",Date of stay: July 2019,4.0
180,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or180-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Afternoon tea,"An ordinary afternoon tea. We had prefer more sandwich and less sweet things. But overall it was an ok afternoon tea. We didnt get any salmon sandwich, We said no red Meat but that salmon was ok so dont know what they was thinking.",Date of stay: July 2019,3.0
181,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or180-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Hotel needs to be remodel,"The rooms and halls are too old, in many parts the carpets are worn out and the walls are beat up. Even though the Hotel has a great location and the staff is superb, when I pay for a Hilton property, I expect the best quality, not just average. ",Date of stay: June 2019,3.0
182,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or180-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Best attentive Host,"Our family stayed at Hilton Olympia in Kennsington for the past 7 days.  They put balloons in our room for a bday celebration and folded an Elpahant towel, like the cruise ship.  The best part is the breakfast and the most important is our friendly staff member Mr. Samir El Harchi.  His bright smile and true passion to serve makes it a wonderful experience.  He would place special orders and bring our 11 years old fruit juice to try.  Amazing person and above & beyond service is hard to find now days.  Hilton Management pay attention; Samir is a model employee for others to follow and should reward him for his representation of the Hilton Brand!",Date of stay: July 2019,5.0
183,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or180-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Very tired hotel,"A very tired looking hotel that desperately needs updating. My “King” room was small, badly lit, noisy and basic. The bathroom was tiny.  Not the best night sleep due to noise. Reception staff very unhelpful and pretty much accused us of trying to work a scam when we wanted to change one of the occupants of the two rooms we had booked (and prepaid). Didn’t risk breakfast, although it was included in the rate. Definitely not a hotel for me.",Date of stay: July 2019,1.0
184,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or180-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,All staff were so nice,"We stayed at the hotel for 3 nights recently.  All of the staff were so friendly, my friend and I were pleasantly surprised.  We had stayed at the Holidiay Inn last year and the staff were awful, so going forward its the Hilton for us.  We paid for breakfasts and weren't disappointed they had everything you could possibly need for a delicious start to the day.  One thing I would say for travellers is, rather than take a 15 minute walk to Kensington High Street underground, you can walk round the corner to Kensington Olympia train station and take the train to the next stop which is West Brompton underground on the District Line.",Date of stay: July 2019,5.0
185,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or185-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Non-working A/C - Poor Service,"I checked into this hotel on a Friday afternoon in June, 2019. Even though there was a separate section for Hilton Honors guests (Am a Diamond member), everyone was permitted to use it. Had to wait about 15 minutes before being attended to. Was offered free bottles of water but they did not have it at the front desk and offered to send it to my room. One and a half hours and 3 calls later, I finally received one small bottle of water - poor service. The A/C in my room was not working (this on a hot 36 degree C day in London) and I informed the staff - was told it would be fixed. That night the same problem, again informed the hotel and was told it would be fixed - short story, it was never fixed even when I checked out - again poor service. The rooms are tiny (I was told I was…",Date of stay: June 2019,2.0
186,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or185-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Tiny room without a view!,"Smallest bed ever, worst view ever, only two teabags - now that’s what I call mean - but a very nice check-in assistant. The walk from High St Ken tube is MUCH longer than indicated on their website. The hotel is tired.",Date of stay: July 2019,3.0
187,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or185-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Hilton London Olympia,"Very accommodating front desk staff, concierge and housekeeping staff. Good location as it is a short ride to Heathrow as well as the major attractions. The hotel is easily accessible by tube, Overground and bus. ",Date of stay: June 2019,4.0
188,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or185-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Overnight stay at Hilton Olympia June 2019,Excellent hotel well placed for events at Olympia London. The staff were very helpful and friendly - especially Cian on the front desk. The staff in the executive lounge were very efficient and the food choice for breakfast was excellent.,Date of stay: June 2019,5.0
189,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or185-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Not following Hilton standards,"A weekend in this hotel was enough to realize how low are the standards in London. I meant I knew that before but I thought a Hilton hotel would be difference. The rooms were tired, very old, probably from the 70s. Lobby was quite modern and the bar was quite cool, despite some bad manners from the staff. The only thing I can happily say I like are the reception staff, especially Pedro and Michele, helpful and charmy both of them.",Date of stay: June 2019,2.0
190,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or190-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Disappointing,"Hotel staff tried its best to make up for the deplorable state the sleeping floors are in. Bed is exceptionally uncomfortable, carpets is worn and torn, cupboards are broken, bathroom old, tiles broken",Date of stay: June 2019,3.0
191,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or190-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Not great,"The last time I visited, which was some 18 months ago or more, the rooms really needed refurbishment. Unfortunately, that is still the case. They are tired and worn. I was also disturbed by noise from the nearby train station, so the glazing in the windows clearly wasn't up to the job. The executive lounge is small and not particularly well laid out. The food and drink offerings are ok but they are set up in an enclosed corner, which causes congestion and a queue of people trying to serve themselves. The other public areas like the restaurant and bar are fine and the food is standard : ok but not overwhelming. Located some distance from central London but the tube and bus links nearby are good, so it's fairly easy to get around. Would not be my first choice of Hilton Hotels or…",Date of stay: June 2019,3.0
192,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or190-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,A mix of good and bad points,"Stayed here two nights while working in the area. On the plus side it is close to Olympia, Hammersmith and Kensington High Street. Staff were all very friendly and breakfast was good. My room on the 8th floor was fine, if a little tired, and there was no noise from traffic or other guests. On the negative side there were some dubious looking stains on the bedside lamps and my room wasn’t cleaned during my two day stay. Also it may be par for the course in a London hotel these days but £6.75 for a pint of lager in the bar!",Date of stay: June 2019,3.0
193,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or190-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,I would not stay here again,"First, I'll say that this hotel was booked for me as part of a tour group.  I would have checked the reviews and photos and probably not stayed here if it had been up to me.  The positives: There was a lot of food at breakfast. The second front desk clerk I spoke to was quite helpful - she printed some documents for me and allowed me to check in early.  My room was fairly clean -- no complaints.  The negatives: they weren't going to recognize my diamond HHonors status or give me points for the room because someone else booked the room.  I hadn't slept in 26 hours, so I just told the front desk clerk she was wrong.  I have a travel agent book rooms for me ALL THE TIME for work and I ALWAYS get the points.  I've been an HHonors member for like 13 years - I know how it works. …",Date of stay: June 2019,2.0
194,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or190-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,".Great location, super restaurant and bar, friendly staff, good value considering","Been staying here regularly. Although the standards seem to have taken a dip lately, it is still a very good package overall. The restaurant and bar are consistently good. The location is very convenient regardless of your needs in central London. ",Date of stay: May 2019,4.0
195,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or195-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Tired rooms ,We stayed for 2 nights Saturday to Monday as we were attending a Fleetwood Mac concert at Wembley. The receptionist Steffi who booked us in was friendly and efficient. We had a room On the 5th floor which had no view and no natural light  This was very disappointing as it was dungeon like. I’m surprised this hotel has 4 stars as the carpet in our room was threadbare in places and the bathroom door was old and warped. This is not what you expect from The Hilton brand. This hotel has a nice foyer and reception.  Also the hospitality staff do a great job as do the housekeeping. I could not fault the cleanliness of our room. The buffet breakfast was very good. We complained and got some Hilton Honours points which was acceptable. I would check if your room had a view before checking…,Date of stay: June 2019,3.0
196,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or195-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Very friendly staff - horrendously grubby rooms,"The staff were really friendly and efficient on check-in and check-out. The foyer and restaurant both were beautiful and stylish like in all Hiltons.  The rooms are a different story: really outdated and grubby. We didn't mind at first because we are fairly laid back. We were only staying one night and got a good price(or so we thought), and had plenty of stuff to do that kept us out of the room, but if my partner and I had booked for a romantic night away we would have asked for our money back. The wallpaper was peeling, lamps had holes in and everything was outdated and scruffy. The bathroom was worse; the ceiling was oddly low (and the bath oddly high) so you have to slouch to use the shower, and I am only 5""7! Definitely not suitable for anyone over 6ft. The sink area had…",Date of stay: June 2019,2.0
197,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or195-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Shocked that this has the Hilton name,"Good location, great staff, lobby is very inviting, morning breakfast was very plentiful.  Now the room #625, the wash room had a shower head that was at the ceiling and my 6'2"" husband had to stoop over to get a shower, there was a climb into the tub and about 12 "" of shower curtain was all over the floor of the tub.  When I shampooed my hair my knuckles would hit the ceiling.  The centre of the the shower wall looked like a piece had been cut out at one time and an attempt to do some caulking was done long ago - very moldy all the way around.  Our trip had us returning here on our was out of London and I requested a room where my husband and could have a comfortable shower.  Our delight on the return we had what I would consider a normal bathroom.  Really that room should have…",Date of stay: May 2019,3.0
198,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or195-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Excellent stay,"Everything was lovely, i read the reviews saying hotel rooms were dated and was concerned but they were clean, tidy and the bed was really comfortable, lovely towelling bathrobes. Breakfast was amazing what a choice. All the staff were so friendly and helpful nothing was too much trouble.",Date of stay: June 2019,5.0
199,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or195-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Hostel or Hilton?,Awful.  Two of the three elevators were broken during our 8 night stay.  We were on the 6th floor!!  The rooms are outdated and tired.  The hotel is positioned on a VERY noisy street and the windows are not sealed for soundproofing.  The staff is very helpful.,Date of stay: June 2019,1.0
200,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or200-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Deserving of a 4 star hotel rating?,"Good location, reception, bar area and breakfast room has nice decor. Unfortunately the rooms have seen better days, with very bland decor, basic white bedding cover; and make sure you don't get a room on the front of the hotel otherwise you will not get any sleep from the traffic noise. It wouldn't take a lot to drastically improve the look of the rooms, but obviously they don't want to spend any money on improvements. Service in bar was definitely not what anyone would expect of a 4 star hotel, and with only 1 lift out of 3 working you need to be fit to take the stairs (or wait for half an hour for the 1 lift to become available) There is a restaurant on site but after checking the menu before arriving, had decided that the 'fast food' type dishes were not for me; I expect a…",Date of stay: June 2019,3.0
201,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or200-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Excellent location and service,"Excellent professional service.  Great staff.  Excellent breakfast and restaurant. Perfect location for getting around central London for all the sights. Concierge services were excellent in booking our tours to Stonehenge, Cambridge,  Oxford,  and Windsor castle ",Date of stay: June 2019,5.0
202,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or200-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,This hotel had better times...,"The hotel is in a good location, BUT the rooms are old and thorn, with outdated  and scratched furniture, and a tired carpet. Also, the rooms were smelly, like other guests used to smoke inside. Breakfast area and lobby are ok, but the rooms definitely need total renovation and refurbishment. Breakfast was ok, but no variation in the food selection.",Date of stay: December 2018,2.0
203,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or200-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Disappointing experience ... again!,"We had stayed in this hotel some years ago when it was snowing and freezing and because of our bad experience then (loud music from their ballroom, no heating in the room, very rude agents), we had said we would never go back. Because I had to attend a conference at the Olympia and because this was the choice of my company to book me there, the Hilton Kensington hotel where we stay normally being excessively expensive, we had to stay there again and it has not improved at all. It all started just after check-in when we discovered that only 1 out of the 3 lifts was working. Then, I had checked in online and selected our room on the interactive plan. Surprise when I entered the room: it was an accessible room, that was not mentioned on the plan and this was not mentioned by the…",Date of stay: June 2019,2.0
204,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or200-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Nice place to stay,"Late check in due to room not being ready which delayed our plans slightly but other than that pleasant stay. Good location, train station only 5 minute walk away, as well as shops and restaurants close by too. ",Date of stay: June 2019,4.0
205,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or205-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Steffi in the Executive Lounge is top notch!,"We stayed 3 nights at this Hilton.  We were aware of the less than favorable reviews, but the proximity to Heathrow outweighed the reviews.  We were pleasantly surprised!  We loved the ability to go on morning runs to Holland Park and Kensington Gardens.  My husband is a Lifetime Diamond member, so we have stayed at many Hilton properties.  The executive lounge was staffed by Steffi.  She professionally defused a very rude and overly dramatic guest in the executive lounge.  She is a real asset to the Hilton team!  FYI - The Kensington Olympia tube did not run the entire weekend.  The concierge confided that is it very unreliable.  We arrived via the Earl's Court tube stop.  We think the Kensington High Street tube stop might be a better alternative.",Date of stay: June 2019,4.0
206,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or205-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,50th wedding Anniversary,We recently stayed at this hotel previously booked by my family to celebrate our 50th Wedding Anniversary and also Bukingham  Palace Garden Party in May.  We arrived by car and we parked at the basement park. We checked in at the reception. The staff at the desk very helpful. We   were given a lovely room with some champagne and some snack and bottled water for us. Our bed was nicely decorated.  We were happy about it. We were greeted by Julie Allen who made our stay very comfotable.  We were recommended by our son to stay at this hotel as he uses frequently for shows in Olympia. Thanks staff at the Hilton Olympia .Keep up the  good work. ,Date of stay: June 2019,5.0
207,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or205-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Average,"Bit disappointed with the rooms that are tired and very noisy even with window shut. The staff at both reception and the restaurant however are very pleasant and helpful. The gym is small but functional,  and the location of this hotel to both attractions and transportation is really good",Date of stay: June 2019,3.0
208,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or205-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Very handy for the Olympia and High St Kensington,"Very convenient hotel. If you arrive in Paddington St on the Heathrow Express, it's a few stops on the Circle/District line tube to High St Kensington station and then a 15 min walk to the hotel. If you're at an event in the Olympia, it's a great location and so convenient. Food choices are good at breakfast and dinner and there is a Costa Coffee attached to the hotel which is useful to get a caffeine fix. The rooms are small though and a bit dated which is typical of London and my head was touching the ceiling when in the shower. ",Date of stay: May 2019,4.0
209,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or205-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Wonderful,"We had an amazing stay at Hilton London Olympia, we had executive rooms which gave us access to the executive lounge which was very nice.  The hotel was very clean and all the staff were very attentive - would recommend.",Date of stay: March 2019,5.0
210,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or210-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,An average stay,"On a recent visit to London we chose to stay at the Hilton Olympia for 2 nights (from 23rd May), this gave us the chance to explore London from this side of town. I always tend to favour Hilton as I am a Gold HH Member and on this occasion we booked a junior suite (635).  Check-In This was fast with no queue, unfortunately i wasn't offered an upgrade (one of the gold perks).  Room This was a junior suite, not the largest room but this is London, you walk into the lounge area with sofa and TV with separate bedroom also with a TV. The big issue is the air conditioning does not work and only a couple of windows open, so the room does get very warm. You do hear a lot of traffic noise but again you are in London!  Executive Lounge As we were staying in a junior suite we had access to…",Date of stay: May 2019,3.0
211,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or210-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"AMAZINGLY friendly, simple, easy for a good price! ",Booked by my travel agent through Delta Vacations. Staff was AMAZING! Breakfast the hotel provided was so delicious and I could count on coming back to my room each night to relax and feel at home! I contacted the front desk staff with various questions and they helped me or directed me to someone who could! Loved it and I would stay there again without hesitation! ,Date of stay: May 2019,5.0
212,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or210-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Wonderful Stay for a Great Price!,"My partner and I stayed for my birthday, we purchased two nights via OMGHotels which came with a 24 hour Thames River Cruise Ticket for the total cost of £278.   The staff were absolutely wonderful, very kind and caring, always happy to help with anything and very attentive during breakfast and dinner.   The room we stayed in was a standard double room, but when we arrived there were balloons on the bed and swans made out of towels which was such a cute and wonderful surprise!.   All the linen was very clean, the and there were lovely things to make you feel pampered like little slippers and bathrobes (FOC to use).   Our room was very comfortable, it was somewhat basic in furniture (dressing table with cabinet adjoined with a television on, a wardrobe and two bedside tables and…",Date of stay: May 2019,5.0
213,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or210-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Friendly staff, rooms need updating","The staff was extremely helpful, friendly and accommodating. The breakfast was very good. The rooms and hallways need updating (USB friendly outlets would be a great first step), but my room was clean and comfortable.",Date of stay: May 2019,4.0
214,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or210-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Hotel close to Olympia and Kensington,"Hotel is very convenient if you are attending an event at Olympia being just the other side of the railway bridge.   Also convenient for Hammersmith and Kensington.  Property needs to be updated with new furnishing and fittings especially since it's a member of the Hilton family.   Have to say my de luxe room was spotless, the bed comfortable but it did suffer from the road noise.   The Executive lounge was fine, breakfast selection offered a small choice of cereals, juices, cold meats and limited hot dishes.  Staff were all most helpful, efficient and courteous.  Feel rates reflect the standards offered and therefore is good value for Kensington.",Date of stay: May 2019,3.0
215,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or215-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Lovely stay,"Area:-This hotel in on a busy street. Lots of traffic light controlled crossings, use them ! Hotel has bus routes nearby. Tube stations close are Olympia which is a limited service or High Street Kensington which is a 15 minute walk away. Also is Olympia overground station. Hotel:- once through the revolving doors or a choice of 2 normal doors you arrive in reception, lovely ,clean, reception area. Checked in by Matteo, who could not do enough for us, so check in was a breeze, we were given a choice of rooms.3 elevators to all the floors Room:- normal size of a London hotel, may be small for some people, but, double bed, double wardrobe containing iron, ironing board, hairdryer and safe, good number of coat hangers. Dressing table unit with chair on wheels. This had a fridge and…",Date of stay: May 2019,5.0
216,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or215-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Poor Service from Front Desk Manager,"I am very dissatisfied with my recent stay at the below Hilton London Olympia from May 8 - 14th.  The hotel is nothing like the wonderful ones that we have here in the USA. It needs a face lift, new furniture and more customer friendly managers at the front desk and restaurant. I attended an Event with a group of people and I checked out of the hotel a day early because of my flight leaving the morning of the check out.  When I made my reservation, I accidentally scheduled it for a day longer than I should have however, I did not realized it until I was checking out.  I was penalized and charged for not giving advance notice that I was checking out early.    How could I have known that I was to have cancelled the extra day/night ahead of time if I did not realized that the…",Date of stay: May 2019,3.0
217,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or215-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Old and in need of renovation,"Really didn't know what to expect having never stayed in a Hilton Hotel before, but expected a damn sight more. The hotel is in dire need of updating! To expect people to accept third world decor nowadays and in such a prime location is unacceptable. Twice I was overcharged at the bar,once for service charge and second for Crisp I never had. I requested that my drink shouldn't be taken away whilst I went to the loo, guess what, it had gone by the time I got back. Buffet breakfast, the same thing happened with my tea, trigger happy table clearing. The staff were OK, the bar food over complicated visually with 3 small bowls on a plate serving burger, salad and chips, food was OK. I was in room 859, crappy view but that really didn't matter to me as I was on business. Room quality…",Date of stay: May 2019,1.0
218,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or215-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Highly recommend,"Visited with my children for afternoon tea, staff were wonderful very attentive always checking we were ok or if needed anything, delicious food, fantastic cocktails too! Very spacious & comfortable seating too nice & light so stunning when sunny day.perfect location too for all amenities & parks underground shops etc . ",Date of stay: May 2019,5.0
219,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or215-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Old, not up to Hilton standards. Old crappy rooms. No view. Stinking towels. Small room. Dont let the lobby fool u.","Old, not up to Hilton standards. Old crappy rooms. No view. Stinking towels. Small room. Dont let the lobby fool u. Personnel is nice. Breakfast is good. Actually excellent. Hotel needs refurbishment. Big time. ",Date of stay: May 2019,2.0
220,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or220-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Olympia needs work,We stayed here at end of tour. Romm we got was half the size of one we got at beginning of tour. Checkin extremely slow. Upon arrival kettle didnt work. Immediately I called reception who said they would get right on it. We went out to dinner and four hours later stil no résolution. Tried TV and found that there was no power to that either. Called reception again requesting new room. Finally a maintenance man appeared 10 minutes later to flip a breaker kn the hall. Power back on but cautioned by maintenance man not to fill the kettle? Room was so small there was only 6 inches between bed and wall. Bathroom no larger than on a cruiseship. Oh yes and the reception clerk scolded me for not troubleshooting the electrical problem. Next time I'll bring my tools and fix it myself.,Date of stay: May 2019,1.0
221,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or220-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Not the best Hilton Hotel,"We stayed here for one night only. We have stayed in many Hilton Hotels around the world but they have all been a lot better than this.  Stayed in a deluxe double room but would only class this as a standard room as there was nothing special about it.  The room was dark, the shower didn’t have much power to it and the towels were hard.  There were people talking half the night outside our room. I’ve found Premier Inns to be more comfortable.  Was not worth the money we paid for it.  Only good thing is that it is in a good location if you are visiting the Olympia Exhibition Centre.",Date of stay: May 2019,2.0
222,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or220-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Nice staff shame about the hotel.,"Have just stayed in this hotel for 5 night on business in London.   The Reception staff were very friendly and helpful, my first issue however then came to light. I did not know that even though the company had booked and paid for the room, if I did not have a credit card (which i don’t) they will not release the room. Finally after much persuasion a debit card was used costing me £2.  Not a good start.  Room was a good size, plenty of room, very comfortable bed. If you want a sleep at some point during your stay, do not get a room on the Kensington High Street Side. The windows and glazing do not block the constant road noise of super cars, taxis, busses and lots of sirens going past most of the night. If you are over 6 foot you will bang your head on the ceiling tile which is…",Date of stay: May 2019,2.0
223,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or220-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Very pleasant 1 night stay,"As a Hilton Diamond member, I rarely bother to read reviews of Hilton hotel family properties, but (after booking) I did for this one, and was rather taken aback by some of the awful comments on here. However, whilst everyone is entitled to their own opinion here is my subjective review.  Reception: The reception area is much the same as any hotel, its nothing special but clean and tidy. I was greeted by Pedro, with a huge smile, I had a short conversation with him about the reviews and said I had been concerned about my stay. I was pleased to be advised that I had been upgraded to an executive room (7th floor), and should anything be wrong to let him know.  Two lifts are available to all floors along with a central staircase.  Room: The room was a normal size, it was clean,…",Date of stay: May 2019,4.0
224,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or220-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Great Stay!,Stayed here again after the conclusion of my Trafalgar tour. Room was perfect. Good size with room to open my hardcase. Bed was big and comfortable. Doon and pillows were soft. Ensuite had a deep bath to soak the stress of over 2 weeks touring! Bathsheets were big and soft. Couldn't fault the room. Hotel.is at a great central location and lots of conveniences within walking distance. The breakfast buffet was one of the best I've had on this holiday (across 2 different tours and over 25 different hotels!). The lady who checked me in and the breakfast host Francesca is a credit to your hotel as they made me feel welcomed. I have stayed at both the Hilton and DoubleTree hotels and been pleased with both.,Date of stay: May 2019,5.0
225,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or225-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Superb service,"I was a little wary before arriving due to reading reviews on here however I was really pleasantly surprised.  We had 3 rooms all of which were clean and nicely presented. They didn’t appear old or tatty in any way.  There are false ceilings in the bathrooms so if tall the shower doesnt go up high enough and you hit head on ceiling.  My hairdryer didn’t work, only blew cold air but quickly replaced when I called reception.  Exec lounge was great and good really brilliant. All staff we came across over the 2 nights were great.  Location perfect for business trip.  Most of all thank you so much to Noeleen on reception who helped us when one of our party realised on way to airport he had left his wedding ring in the room! She found it, called back within half an hour and arranged…",Date of stay: May 2019,5.0
226,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or225-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Disappointing,"Very simple request could not be full filled, and bell service seemed indifferent. We were asking FD staff to help us but were ignored at the end. Pretty disappointing from a Hilton brand !!  Will think twice in future if I want to stay with Hilton brand !!!",Date of stay: April 2019,3.0
227,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or225-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Lovely stay - clean room - friendly helpful staff,"We have just come home from staying at the Hilton Olympia for two nights, the staff were fantastic, the room was clean and well equipped. The hotel is well placed for the Olympia station and in a pleasant area on Kensington High Street. We stayed in room 129 and we could not have been happier with it. Any improvement recommendation at a push would be to get some memory foam mattresses (I wasn't bothered at all - and I'm a bed snob usually) as a harder mattress isn't to everyone's taste. Thank you for a great stay and thank you for finding my Kindle and posting it home to me... we'll be back!!",Date of stay: May 2019,5.0
228,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or225-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Disappointed,"Lying in bed writing this, I just as well be lying on the floor. Terribly hard dead mattress. Tired room, not even a picture on the wall. TV is rubbish, a few free view channels at best. Needs updating. £20 each for breakfast - really! Go to the cafe down the road! Staff seem friendly though, about the only positive 😦",Date of stay: May 2019,1.0
229,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or225-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Perfect hotel,"The Hilton offers everything from Costa coffee to a great bar. Our room was smoking, you couldn't smell smoke though. I slept like a baby both nights as the bed was really comfortable.   I came home feeling recharged, the breakfast was excellent.  Thankyou",Date of stay: May 2019,5.0
230,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or230-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Unfriendly and Poor house keeping. ,"I have stayed at Hilton Olympia quite a few times and it is truly inconsistent and very far from Hilton standards.   I have been checked into dirty and damaged rooms twice where I am confronted by urine, broken carpets and filth in the bath tub. The first time this happened I waited for 2 hours while staff tried to relocate me.   The executive lounge is pretty miserable too. Especially as they have stopped serving soft drinks at breakfast and during the daytime!! It is a very stingy place to spend time especially as the soft drinks after the mini size you see on budget airlines!! The girl in the lounge explained that the manager felt the need to stop serving drinks as “customers kept taking them” Breakfast is quite decent tho!!! ",Date of stay: May 2019,2.0
231,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or230-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Rooms need updating but service second to none,"I stayed at the Hilton March 23-25th for a conference at Olympia nearby, and location wise you can't really go wrong - 5 minutes walk to the conference centre. I found the room was a good size with all the usual facilities. The furnishings are looking a little tired and compared to some of the other London Hilton properties (and definitely compared to those in Asia) feels dark and in need of modernisation. The staff service though is excellent - front desk staff were quick, cheerful and extremely helpful. The breakfast hospitality staff also were excellent in terms of hospitality and attention. Everyone made me feel welcome. On the Sunday I came in from a long run and my legs were feeling fairly destroyed, and the staff at front desk made sure I was ok, which was greatly…",Date of stay: March 2019,4.0
232,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or230-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,SHOCKING!,"DO NOT STAY HERE, IF LIKE ONE OF THE OTHER REVIEWERS YOU ARE ALLOCATED A ROOM ON THE 8TH FLOOR GO IMMEDIATELY TO YOUR CAR AND PULL OUT A BLANKET. YOU’LL BE ALL THE BETTER FOR IT IN MORNING. The shower was pathetic, think watering can, a rusty one, with a semi blocked spout. The surface of the bath was breaking up under foot and only a matter of time before someone gets hurt. I guess if you’re not too fussed you could consider wearing your shoes while you wash. True, your shoes will get ruined but you will have saved your feet from potential lacerations. The mattress left me speechless, BECAUSE I WAS PHYSICALLY HURT AND WINDED! WARNING - DO NOT THROW YOURSELF ON THE MATTRESS - YOU WILL DO LESS PHYSICAL DAMAGE DOING A BELLY FLOP OFF A 50FT CLIFF.  I’ve slept rough and been more…",Date of stay: May 2019,1.0
233,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or230-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Fantastic Stay!,"Me and my girlfriend travelled down for a weekend away to go watch Wicked and see the London sights, this location was great! Overground station round the corner which got us to the city centre quickly, seemingly safe area and great room!  The lovely receptionist even got us a room despite us arriving early which helped a lot!  Super clean, amazing shower facilities and comfy bed. Only downside was the lack of plug sockets near the beds to charge our phones. Would definitely stay again!",Date of stay: April 2019,5.0
234,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or230-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Would definitely stay again,"After reading  disappointing reviews of this hotel, I went expecting the worst.   However, from the efficiency and welcome at the front desk, and finding my room spotlessly clean and pristine, and finding the air conditioning was fine, and double glazed windows opened and shut to a good standard, I found my whole stay enjoyable and comfortable in every way and well up to the Hilton international standard.   The hotel is classically decorated rather than ultra modern.   I had a single room which was not gloomy; it was a good size for a single occupant with a desk seat and an arm chair, with coffee and tea making facilities, an iron and ironing board, and everything I needed for an excellent stay.  Additionally, it is wonderfully close to overground and underground trains for an…",Date of stay: April 2019,5.0
235,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or235-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Fit for purpose ,"I was looking for a convenient, inexpensive place for some rest in between a couple of busy days in London. Straight on to the Hilton app and the Hilton Olympia was close to the top and served exactly that purpose! Just round the corner from Kensington Olympia overground station (with service from the District Line at weekends and bank holidays), it was conveniently placed.   The hotel itself was pleasant for what I needed it for- a bed. It’s a bit tired and in need of renovation but I had no problems with it. I found the bed rather comfortable and everything clean.   The staff are very welcoming and friendly and will go out of their way to help you. I arrived incredibly early, just after 11:00am and could go straight to a room.   I’m not one for hotel dinners but the food was…",Date of stay: April 2019,4.0
236,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or235-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Great location,"Great location on hight st Kensington a few minutes walk to shopping area .  Rooms and hotel need refurbishment Rooms were clean bit quite noisy although we were on 8th floor , this is due to poor windows quality.  Breakfast was very good, service at breakfast excellent . ",Date of stay: April 2019,3.0
237,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or235-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Amazing experience,"I had the pleasure to stay two times in this central-historical hotel. Very convenient if you are there for leisure or visiting Olympia exhibition centre. Very clean and spacious room with a mini-fridge to store your own drinks, that I found very convenient. The bed was very comfortable. The receptionists Anna and Bruna were very friendly and helpful during my check-in and recognised my HH member status with a nice upgrade. But specially I would like to mention Valls from the executive lounge. He is such a great brand ambassador for Hilton with excellent customer service. I totally recommend this Hotel to everyone.",Date of stay: April 2019,5.0
238,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or235-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Great stay and convenient location,This is my second time staying here. Staff are great and amenities convenient. I love the location because I can just hop on the bus and get to most of the attractions nearby. The train station is just around the corner for an easy trip to Gatwick. Convenient location and will stay again. ,Date of stay: April 2019,4.0
239,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or235-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Needs a serious facelift    4* HILTON  NEVER!!,"We stayed good Friday, We were met by a smart efficient receptionist who handed us the key to room 325 and things then went downhill. We opened the door to our room I couldn't believe my eyes It was gross the carpet was old and stained the furniture also.There was the remains of a fridge/mini bar rammed shut .  The room had a strange unpleasant  odour. Was dull and depressing. I have stayed in hotels worldwide and this is the second to worse room ever .4* Hilton never.!!!!!!!   Had my husband not just had eye surgery I would have run for the hills. It was with trepidation and circumstance that we ate in the restaurant. WELL we had  a delicious  excellent well presented first course followed by a wonderful selection of cheeses. service was good. Breakfast. we were welcomed to the…",Date of stay: April 2019,2.0
240,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or240-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,outdated hotel,"This hotel is very old and needs urgent renovations. It doesn't feel like a Hilton hotel althogh the service is good and the staff is very friendly, especially the breakfast staff. The hotel is located quite far from an underground station.",Date of stay: April 2019,3.0
241,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or240-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Lat minute business trip,"Is what it says on the tin. Room was very clean and comfortable. Bar was pretty good. Location handy. Recommend excellent Persian restaurant across the road caled Apadana, really great food and excellent value. Also great pub across Edwardes Sq called the Scarsdale.",Date of stay: March 2019,3.0
242,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or240-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Needs a renovation,"The room size was okay, but very cold. I found out it was because the bad closing of the window. Carpet is worn down, the bathroom is old fashioned. Breakfast was okay as well as the staff, but overall not a Hilton 4* standard",Date of stay: April 2019,3.0
243,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or240-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Beware don’t get rooms near train station ,Stayed for two nights first night on 7th floor room 722 never slept a wink trains going past all the time room next door people talking loudly till 4am in the morning problem is with this hotel is it needs a refurbishment windows single glazed units and walls no sound proof anyway now moved to a different room manager Laura I think her name was got real bad attitude spoke down to us  she needs to be retrained in customer service apart from that reception staff brilliant and other staff really nice ,Date of stay: April 2019,3.0
244,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or240-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Served a purpose,"We stayed one night in this hotel as we were in town for a restaurant and a show.  This is conveniently located, not too far a walk to the tube station or there were plenty of taxis outside.  The entrance to the hotel is a bit naff, particularly by the concierge as you first enter with all the different coloured writing on the mirror and the hotel itself does appear to need a refurb.  It did remind me of a premier inn, but unfortunately without the wonderful Hypnos beds.  However, those comments made, the receptionist was very friendly, the room was clean and tidy, although there was no way we were paying £5.50 for a bottle of water and there was plenty of choice from the breakfast buffet.  We also thought it was a reasonable price for bed and breakfast in London.",Date of stay: April 2019,3.0
245,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or245-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Hilton Imposters!,"This week we stayed in the Hilton at London. We would have booked in the double tree Hilton as we have done previously but opted to stay in the Chelsea area for a change.  This place should be called faulty towers! I’m sure this is just a standard hotel with fake Hilton branding as it’s not up to the normal Hilton standards!  You may be placed in the luxury living of Chelsea but your hotel still has the decor of the 80s in your rooms!  First, there was literally no point in giving us a window, the view of the dark centre of the hotel covered in bird droppings and cigarette buts is not pleasant. Nor is the constant humming noise from the pipes outside and the nasty smell that comes with it!  The room just smells damp nasty and like human urine!  Let the pictures do the taking for…",Date of stay: April 2019,1.0
246,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or245-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Don’t stay here - it’s overrated. 2 stars at most.,"We selected this hotel due to the proximity of the London Olympia station and when we go to the UK we usually stay in Kensington. I read both good and bad reviews on TripAdvisor and decided that since it was a short stay, the hotel would do. WRONG. First the hotel is very dated. The elevators were so small that they could hold 2 people and a piece of luggage with little to no room to spare for other guests. Forget about late night room service - the menu was restricted to the crappiest items available after 11 pm. The bed, like other Hilton brand hotels in the UK, was horrid. We felt the springs and the mattress seemed very old and compressed and was like sleeping on a hay bale. The toilet stopped working. The TV’s cable wasn’t plugged into the set so we had to fiddle with it…",Date of stay: April 2019,1.0
247,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or245-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Comfortable hotel. Needs a refresh.,"This hotel is comfortable and ideally placed for the Olympia.  Tube station nearby does not have a particularly good service into and out of London.  So I ended up using taxis, which can get expensive.  The staff were all professional and friendly. The room was comfortable. I liked the fact that the bed wasn't too high off the floor.  Some hotels have high level beds with thick mattresses so someone like me with short legs almost needs a step ladder to get in and out.  When I first sat on the bed I thought the mattress was quite hard so wondered if I'd be able to sleep on it.  But I have to say I went out like a light and had a really good night's sleep.  The breakfast was good, with plenty of staff and quick service.   I found the prices in the bar quite expensive. But then…",Date of stay: April 2019,4.0
248,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or245-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Dated Hotel,"Stayed for one night on a business trip. Check in was very slow, even as a Hilton Honors member, which was unusual for a Hilton.  Room was very dated and the carpet was not completely clean - again, not what you’d usually expect in a Hilton.  Had breakfast on the day of departure. 2 members of staff were great, providing good assistance. 2 were not so good, especially when I asked for some cutlery as there was none on the table - made it seem a bit of a hassle for him.  Bacon was very overdone but the rest of the food was fine. Great bagel too! Check out was fantastically quick - could not fault it.  Perfectly adequate to rest your head for the evening but not great value for money when comparing quality to the cost in my opinion.",Date of stay: April 2019,3.0
249,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or245-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Hilton Olympia is Gateway to London,Heathrow to Earls Court on Piccadilly Line. Short walk or cab to hotel. Next door Olympia train station connects back to Piccadilly or District line or anywhere. Hard working friendly staff.Restaurant breakfast buffet is excellent !,Date of stay: April 2019,5.0
250,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or250-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Enjoyable 2 night stay in London,"We stayed at the Hilton Olympia over last weekend, so we could attend the 2019 Ideal Home Exhibition. Doing this made the weekend so much more relaxed as we were not travelling from the south coast and back in a day.  The room was good with a large double bed (315), although there were air conditioning ducts on the roof out side the window, which we heard a background hum. The shower was OK, but the ceiling height when standing in the bath was not that great.  Breakfast was busy, but the food was good.  I would go back, but would ask for a different room/floor.",Date of stay: March 2019,4.0
251,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or250-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Excellent location for visiting Olympia,"After reading some reviews about the hotel, I was a bit apprehensive about booking, however, the location was more important so I made our booking. As I needed to use an accessible parking space, I contacted the hotel and received a reply from Julie, who also amended my booking to a more appropriate room. If someone has a disabled parking badge, parking is complementary. Check in at the hotel was very efficient and we were given an accessibility pack which was very useful. The room was ideal for what we wanted and was very clean. The shower was lovely and powerful, with no drop in water pressure.   The choice at breakfast was great and the staff were very attentive. We heard one staff member greet people in three different languages! The whole staff team were very professional.…",Date of stay: April 2019,5.0
252,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or250-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Ignore the bad reviews.,"I was very impressed with this hotel. The breakfast was very impressive. I really appreciated the service of Samir who was very friendly and made sure that I had everything that I needed. He started my day off on the best note. Thank you, you are an asset to Hilton. ",Date of stay: April 2019,5.0
253,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or250-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Enjoyable stay,"Again chose this hotel as was attending Olympia. Superb service from friendly staff, lovely room on the first floor, very clean and well appointed. Inevitably some noise from traffic as in the middle of London but inconsiderate guests coming in late slamming doors were more of an issue for us. Breakfast is superb, lots of choices replenished constantly, staff very attentive and friendly. The use of the the executive lounge is a very welcome treat that made our stay more special.",Date of stay: March 2019,5.0
254,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or250-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Good hotel friendly staff,"This was a good hotel for a business trip. Good size room, air con actually worked, reasonably comfortable bed, shower poor. Nice breakfast. Drinks in bar were a rip off £3.60 for a nasty cup of coffee",Date of stay: March 2019,4.0
255,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or255-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Afternoon Tea,"A very pleasant afternoon for Afternoon Tea. Lovely atmosphere, very welcoming. Food was very good, nice selection & all very fresh. Lovely glass of Prosecco too. Great value for money. Definitely would go back. A special mention to Remus Pacurar, he was very helpful & couldn’t have done enough for us.",Date of stay: March 2019,5.0
256,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or255-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Good location, inconsistent service, and in need of an update","First the good stuff:  Good location - I parked at Westfield White City and took the overground from Shepherds Bush to Olympia, though you could walk it providing you don't have loads of luggage. Nearest tube stations are West Kensington or Earls Court - if you're going into central London,use Earl's Court as its in zone 1 and will be cheaper. A 20 minute walk east from the hotel will get you to the Natural History, Science, and V&A museums.  Check-in was easy, and I got to chose where I wanted to stay within the hotel; I chose ""quiet"" and ended up on the fifth floor (525 I think), though in my experience, quiet in London is all relative!   Reception are and restaurant were both very nice - they looked liked they'd probably had a fairly recent refurb.  Room size - I think I may…",Date of stay: March 2019,3.0
257,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or255-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Very nice ,Very nice hotel - was a bit concerned after reading some reviews that I would be disappointed but everything was very good. Check in staff helpful and friendly - room clean and spacious and modern. Breakfast selection excellent. Can’t fault and a great location. Afternoon tea was delicious and very good value ,Date of stay: March 2019,4.0
258,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or255-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Good location, Poor Hotel","Room was very small and in need of some repairs, bathroom door handle was hanging off!  Service was average both at check in and Breakfast.  Location is ideal for Olympia, but overall this was not a good Hilton experience!",Date of stay: March 2019,2.0
259,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or255-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Yvonne & Maureen ,Had a lovely afternoon tea and served by a lovely young man Remus he made our day excellent service well recommend 10 out of 10 at the Hilton Olympia first time I have been here went to Ideal home and came here after.,Date of stay: March 2019,5.0
260,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or260-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Nowhere near Hilton Standards,"We stayed for one night to attend an event in the nearby Olympia exhibition centre.  The close proximity of the hotel to the centre is about the only positive I can offer.  Having regularly used Hilton Hotels and been a loyal client of the brand, I feel that this is the final straw and time to look elsewhere at brands who don’t trade on their past performance or location.  Check in was slow and cumbersome. We arrived early and enquired if we could possibly check in a bit earlier. The member of staff on reception went through the whole check in process - filling in the registration card, taking a preauthorised amount off my credit card, asking for ID etc so we genuinely thought we were getting our room despite us being an hour early. It was only at the end of this process that we…",Date of stay: March 2019,2.0
261,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or260-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Excellent quality,"No doubt: this hotel is excellent for all aspects. Perfect location in the city, very comfortable and very clean rooms, and the attention received from the staff was impeccable. The breakfast was very complete. ",Date of stay: March 2019,5.0
262,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or260-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Great staff but old property,"Stayed here for a full week for a business trip. Great location. Staff was super friendly and helpful, especially in the restaurant. Property needs an urgent facelift, it’s way below the Hilton standards.",Date of stay: March 2019,3.0
263,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or260-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Tired property,"I stayed in this hotel due to the convenience of an event. It’s an extremely tired property which takes advantage of its location both in terms of lack of updating, and the rates it charges during events. The rooms are small and drafty due to poor windows and the heating in my room didn’t work. The breakfast is ok but average standard during busy times. Staff are friendly and helpful. Just a lot of money for what you get and needs a huge facelift.",Date of stay: March 2019,2.0
264,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or260-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Disappointed. Wouldn’t stay again ,"I booked this hotel due to attending an event at London Olympia. If you are only concerned about location then this hotel is suitable.   However the hotel was expensive and I was extremely disappointed with our stay. The car park is under ground which is fine but it’s not great and is charged at £37 for 24 hours.   The staff were fine but we didn’t need a lot of support. Nobody blew us away, that’s for sure.   The bedrooms were awful. They were dated, smelt stale and the carrots were incredibly stained. The beds were uncomfortable and the heating/ air con didn’t work properly.   The bathroom was the worst. There were yellow stains all around the toilet and the floor which was disgusting. The bath and shower were so bad we couldn’t use them.   I was very disappointed and wouldn’t…",Date of stay: March 2019,2.0
265,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or265-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Run down,Stayed in many Hilton’s and this one needs some TLC. Bed lined was dirty and had to be changed. TV did not work properly and generally the room needed redecorating. Whilst the reception was ok and the staff very helpful I would not stay again,Date of stay: March 2019,3.0
266,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or265-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Extremely friendly Staff ,We had visited Hilton Olympia for a short stay of two days. We had some issues with the rooms but the staff was very courteous and supportive to give us all the support. Really appreciate the hospitality and warmth of the entire team.   Special thanks to Samir El Harchi from the restaurant for giving us great service at the breakfast. ,Date of stay: March 2019,3.0
267,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or265-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Afternoon tea,"Can I just start of by saying what a WONDERFUL time I had. The service was spot on, Mr Remus went beyond expectations greeted us with a warm smile. He made the experience so sweet.... bless him 1 million times. I truly recommend every 1 to visit.",Date of stay: March 2019,5.0
268,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or265-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Very nice staff/terrible smell,"My room, 610, smelled strongly of mold.  There was an open sewer in the bathroom (a literal hole in the floor) which smelled all the time of the sewer.  The rug was dirty and stained.  DO NOT STAY IN ROOM 610.  ",Date of stay: March 2019,2.0
269,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or265-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Great staff & breakfast, dirty rooms  ","I stayed 7 nights for business and would have left on day one if everything wasn’t already paid for by the company.  My first room had a very clean bed and was overall pretty clean with stains on the carpet. The toilet didn’t fully and constantly flush and the water pressure was painful in the shower. It also only got luke warm. The biggest issue was when I turned off my Main lights, the A/c turned off. I couldn’t remove the bulbs either to fix the issue of uncomfortable sleeping temps.  They took over an hour to come look at the problem, trying to move me at night. Offering me a second room to sleep in that night.   I ended up with a totally new room. Though it was well past midnight. The shower and toilet worked well in the new room but a person taller than 5’4” would not fit…",Date of stay: March 2019,3.0
270,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or270-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Simply unacceptable,"When you have paid a small fortune and:  - The TV doesn't work - The water boiler doesn't work - The beds are narrow - The water in the bath is not hot enough - You have to carry your suitcase over flights of stairs because there are no ramps - They are following a seating protocol in... breakfast, when you are in a hurry to go to work,  Do I want to join Hilton Honors? Do I?",Date of stay: March 2019,2.0
271,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or270-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Good as always,"Great location, friendly staff and overall a very good hotel. My stay was short and I would surly stay here again on a private or business trip. Breakfast is also very good and the bar is pretty good as well.",Date of stay: March 2019,4.0
272,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or270-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Great Staff and Breakfast but really tired rooms,"I visited with a colleague with myself on the first floor and my colleague on the 7th floor   I’m sad to have to report that the room I stayed really is long overdue a refurbishment, there were cracks to the tiled floor in my bathroom and also to the sink (see pics) Additionally the cleaning wasn’t great with items on the floor and black hairs in my bedding (see pics)  I thought this might have only been the first floor but regrettably this was also the case on the seventh floor with the rooms there also very tired. The rates were expensive and I honestly would have been disappointed even at a quarter of the price paid   I mentioned the state of my room at checkout only to be told all the rooms are the same. I was also emailed a breakdown of someone else’s bill and when I…",Date of stay: March 2019,2.0
273,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or270-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Short business trip,Attended a conference at nearby hotel. Rooms were much smaller than what they appeared in the picture. Condition of the hotel was also much older but not dilapidated. I found the smaller single room to be functional but not comfortable for business travel.  Location-wise hotel was quite convenient. Hammersmith and Shepherd's Bush were both nearby. Good thing weather cooperated since there were some quality gastropubs around both locations.  Service was definitely up to par. I had trouble working the safe at the hotel. Engineer came up on a Sunday to take care of the problem.,Date of stay: March 2019,3.0
274,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or270-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Clean, comfortable and central","We have stayed here a few times now. Really good location( number 9 bus). Room clean and good size. Efficient check in.  Excellent breakfast included in  our price too. Staff at breakfast very friendly, especially Samir and Francesca. Wifi has improved heaps.",Date of stay: March 2019,5.0
275,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or275-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,A night before visiting Queen's Gallery,"We've stayed here more than once, and it doesn't disappoint. It's near Holland Park and the former home and museum of Frederick Lord Leighton which is a plus for us. It's convenient to No. 9 bus (and others), and inside the rooms are comfortable and roomy. Breakfast was ample, lots of choice and for vegetarians and those not wanting a cooked breakfast lots of alternatives. Staff very helpful. Reasonable price.",Date of stay: February 2019,4.0
276,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or275-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Afternoon tea with prosecco,"Had afternoon tea and prosecco, we used the Groupon offer and we were very pleasantly looked after especially by the restaurant manager. Tea and cake was delicious and the prosecco topped it all off so we continued the afternoon with some cocktails, ambience was very relaxing and will definitely be back. 5 ⭐",Date of stay: March 2019,5.0
277,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or275-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Great Afternoon Tea,"I came here with my family who was visiting from the United States, it was their first Afternoon Tea and they loved it. The food was nice and fresh, The desserts were great, and the service was quick and friendly! Remus was excellent, He came to greet us and was very accommodating the entire time. I’ll will definitely be back!",Date of stay: March 2019,5.0
278,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or275-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Restaurant at Hilton Olympia,"Samir from restaurant floor was an excellent peoples person, greeting with the smile every morning and making it pleasent to have a nice morning breakfast. A positive start for the morning. In overall hotel staff is nice here really happy I had a chance to stay here",Date of stay: March 2019,4.0
279,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or275-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Perfect for us ,We stayed in room 337 yes it’s small and yes you hear the traffic but your in the city and a very busy one at that. Our room was clean and tidy. No issues with heating or air con. Bathroom was well decorated. Not really sure what other people are seeing but we had no issues. All staff were fab at all times. Only issue was we had to ask for cutlery 3 times for our late night food delivery. This would not put me off staying. ,Date of stay: March 2019,5.0
280,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or280-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,8th floor noise and vibration,"Room on 8th floor - lots of noise and deep vibrating rumble from air con on roof apparently, according to front desk. They obviously know it’s a problem. Impossible to sleep and vibrations are causing nausea. No other rooms available in hotel. Off to sleep in the car. Will try for compensation later.   Room tip: don’t get a room on floor 8!",Date of stay: March 2019,1.0
281,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or280-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Looking sorry for itself 😕,"Okay, let's not beat about the bush... If my company didn't pay for this hotel because we were exhibiting at Olympia, I would have checked out and not stayed there.   The hotel is worn out! We had to have a portable heater and was told that they are waiting on an engineer, however a colleague stayed their two nights prior, and he was fed the same line and also needed a portable heater.  The bathrooms were so tired, carpets worn and wallpaper peeling.  Positives are great location for beautiful Holland Park, Olympia and even Westfield. Breakfast was nice! Public areas like bars and restaurant were nicely decorated.  If it's a leisure stay, book elsewhere. ",Date of stay: February 2019,1.0
282,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or280-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Fine for price paid, but dated and in need of updating","Noting all other reviews, my experience was similar. Excellent staff at checkin, and at bats although a bit grumpy at breakfast.   Room was dated and noise from the street disruptive. Although bed was comfortable   Despite proactively contacting me on the day of arrival the hotel did however not respond to my email reply.",Date of stay: February 2019,3.0
283,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or280-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"My stay in Hilton Olympia, London","Very comfortable. Very hospitable staff especially at the front office and reception. Rooms were clean, spacious and well furnished. Bathroom & toilets were spacious and clean. Very conveniently located in Central London, close to workplace. Very well connected by local transport - taxi, bus and tube",Date of stay: February 2019,5.0
284,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or280-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Good would be better rating,My old chestnut that the ratings do not allow me a good so i have had to use it in the title .if showing at olympia the location of the hotel is spot on .it offers all the facilities you need for a short stay without the glamor of some Hilton’s .bar area is good breakfast ok and parking .would use again if the rate was right .,Date of stay: February 2019,4.0
285,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or285-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Needs a lot of TLC,"This is my first trip to London and we decided to stay here. We are here for two night. The reviews seem to be kind of on point. The front desk was okay when we checked in but didn’t seem to honor my Amex platinum services so I guess that was okay if I had no choice.   Anyways, the hotel it self needs serious upgrades and fast. It is OLD. Our room door was hard to open you actually have to push it to go in and close it with force. The room was/is clean but just OLD. Everything needs to be replace. The tv is not working, you cannot turn it on with remote. We didnt bother calling though. The room also smells on mold but it could be because is old carpet so after a while just gives in. The bed omg its horrible i woke up with a back pain, the mattess needs to be replaced asap. I’m…",Date of stay: March 2019,1.0
286,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or285-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,IMPROVEMENT NEEDED - BUDGET TYPE PREMISES,"As is my way, I write my reviews whilst in the hotel I am staying at, that I can give a fair and fresh and honest review.  Don't look for elegance or luxury - does not exist here.  First impressions of the hotel as far as the front lobby goes gives the impression that this hotel is 3.5 star, but things go down hill as you wait for the lift, which needs severe polishing on the lift doors as it simply gives the impression of a run down place, and you begin to wonder what is in store. The other side of the lift you are greeted with narrow shabby hallways. Ripped up carpet in the hallway.  The guest room I am in has decor which is far from the stated ""elegant rooms"" that the hotel states it has. Nothing matches, all a hotch botch of colours. None of it is conducive to relaxing after…",Date of stay: February 2019,3.0
287,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or285-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Not a Hilton in my eyes,"This hotel is not the standard you would expect of a Hilton. My room is the size of a shoebox, I have stayed in bigger rooms in a budget hotel in Iceland! The rooms are very noisy regardless of if you are on the front or back. The hotel generally looks grubby and dirty. It needs a complete overhaul for it to he a Hilton standard. At the price they charge I would expect more. I am staying here on buisness for 2 nights as it is real handy for Olympia, however I would not choose to come back with my family.",Date of stay: February 2019,2.0
288,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or285-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Great hotel and went above and beyond.,"I booked this hotel for my mothers birthday. She had had one room and my wife and I had another. Firstly our rooms were upgraded (thank you) and my mother had a nice cake and champagne delivered to her room (thank you).  As an Hilton Honours member - we had access to the WIFI and it was superb, the rooms were good, modern with a nice bathroom and aircon.   Breakfast was good and the staff were superb. I've stayed before on business and will stay again!",Date of stay: February 2019,5.0
289,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or285-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Not Hilton worthy terrible, abysmal & outdated","I have travelled a lot stayed at many hotels around the world and I know that hotels in London can be outdated. However I was lucky enough to experience what rock bottom is. It’s located in Kensington and it is a hotel that I would not even recommend for my worst enemy. To be honest the staff is friendly and service minded and one must be if you are working at “that hotel” because it cannot be a walk in the park, that we’re the positives. Negatives if #243 serves as any reference for the rest of the rooms - stay away from this Hilton hotel if you do not fancy a damp, mouldy room with a extremely loud air condition that did not serve its purpose and yes and on top of that frosted locked window making you feel like you where in a cellar.   I cannot understand how Hilton can put…",Date of stay: February 2019,1.0
290,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or290-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Lovely staff and a comfy bed but a bit tired,I stayed here for 2 nights for an exhibition - great location for Olympia & number 9 or 23 bus takes you right to HIgh St Ken tube in 4 stops.   The hotel's communal areas have been updated but my room was quite dated.  It was however clean and the bed was comfy.  The wardrobe smelled a bit funny though!   The bathroom was OK - very low ceiling so the shower head would have been in the wrong place for anyone taller!   The Wifi was stable & very fast.  Breakfast was nice with lots to choose from and a decent latte!,Date of stay: February 2019,4.0
291,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or290-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Bit tired,"This place is a bit dated, the hallways and bedrooms are in need of morderising. The reception and bad area are presentable, long queues for breakfast even on a sunday. The drinks are pricey, even by big city standards, £6.80 for a pint of lager. It is close to Olympia, so great location and there are a choice of restaurants down Kensington high street within walking distance. Would I stay here again? Not by choice, it's ok for a couple of nights, but we had a few little problems. We had to get maintenance to switch off the aircon as it would stay on by it's own accord. The window did open slightly, but our room backed onto what I can only imagine was some venting system which was really noisey. As a regular customer of hilton and an Honours member, I expected a bit better.",Date of stay: February 2019,3.0
292,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or290-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,In need of improvement,"We stayed here as it was convenient for Olympia, however we ended up being very disappointed for several reasons.    We had pre dinner drinks in the bar and were surprised that there were no bar snacks available and were offered chips as an alternative.  On checking in we were asked if we wanted breakfast for our two day stay to which we replied that we would decide each morning.  We did not breakfast on the Saturday, however on the Sunday on arriving at the restaurant there was a such a queue that after having waited for over 15 minutes and still not made it to a table we went back to our room, which was very tired and shabby but not in a chic way.    With it only being 9am we were rather surprised to have housekeeping knocking on the door to do our room before we had even…",Date of stay: February 2019,2.0
293,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or290-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Wonderful friendly staff,"My daughter and I came home last Saturday after a 3 day stay at this hotel.  We had gone down on a coach trip and the arrangements for booking in went like clockwork.....well organised and friendly.  We were in room 751 which was lovely and quiet at the side of the hotel away from the main road.  The room was a large twin room and although a bit cold to begin with, was quickly heated up with a change of the thermostat.  The beds were comfortable and when we asked for extra pillows they appeared before bedtime.  We ate our first meal in the bar and thoroughly enjoyed it.  The drinks were expensive to what we are used to but then again we were in London so it was expected.   We had an early night having had a very early start.  Breakfast next morning was superb.  There was plenty…",Date of stay: January 2019,5.0
294,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or290-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Grand Olympian,"Visited this unknown gem in London, I’ve stayed in most in London, but can definitely recommend this one. The staff are particularly friendly and helpful mentioning Steffi and Valentina in the clubhouse! The hotel is conveniently situated by Olympia conference centre so it’s a great place to stay when attending conference!",Date of stay: February 2019,5.0
295,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or295-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Great staff and hospitality,I happened to be in London for work for a few days recently. I ended being sick on my hotel room for like 4 days. Charles and his team tooo fabulous are of me. The executive lounge staff was very courteous and took wonderful care. It's an old hotel and nothing luxurious but the staff is fabulous and i’d stay there again just for the staff. Thanks to Charles and his team.,Date of stay: February 2019,4.0
296,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or295-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Very good staff in the bar/ restaurant,Stayed in the hotel for one night in February 2019 as part of business trip. Clean and tidy rooms. I had dinner in the restaurant. Had nice food and particularly excellent service from a guy called Remus who waited my table.,Date of stay: February 2019,4.0
297,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or295-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Poor quality of food with room service.,"3 night business reservation at Hilton Olympia. Checked in and ordered some room service, ham sandwiches and fries. Fries where look warm and sandwich was awful. Hard bread, enough margarine to plaster a wall and awful processed ham, needless to say, it got binned. Gave room service the benefit of doubt and re ordered some more room service the 2nd night of stay, burger with fries. Again look warm fries and almost cold burgers dim diabetic, I had to eat the fries as I’d taken medication, otherwise the fries would have hit the bin with the burger!  Previously to my current stay at the Hilton, since March 2018, I’d stayed at the premier in Hammersmith, 3 days a week. While star rating is lower than Hilton, the food is far more appetising.  I’ll be moving back to the premier in…",Date of stay: February 2019,2.0
298,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or295-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Ok ,"Stayed a night on Business on the top floor. The staff were welcoming and pleasant and it is typical Hilton stuff. However the hotel, in particular the corridors and room, is tired and could do with refurbishment.   On the positive side it was cheap for a Hilton in London!",Date of stay: February 2019,3.0
299,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or295-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Ok,"Very enjoyable experience, friendly and helpful staff, spacious room, impeccable cleanliness, a very Very enjoyable experience, friendly and helpful Very enjoyable experience, friendly and helpful staff, spacious room.",Date of stay: January 2019,5.0
300,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or300-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Run down and over priced ,Bar man poured my a pint of Guineas with half of it beer the other half the head. Travesty. All downhill after that. Need to get the basic right. Lots of refurbishment going on  so nothing were it should be and everything Make shift. Not impressed with room size and things are getting rather tired an worn. I believe Hilton standards around the world are dropping dramatically. Very expensive for what you get. ,Date of stay: February 2019,3.0
301,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or300-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Old, tired and underwhelming","I don't often write reviews - especially those of the 'meh' review type (I didn't really hate this stay), but enough things added up to make this trip overall unpleasant enough to author this post.   I stayed recently on a business trip, and I chose this hotel for the location and because they had an executive lounge. I was pleasantly surprised when I received a note from the front of house receptionist (a Ms. Mochkodan) prior to my arrival asking if I'd like either a walk-in shower or extra pillows. Since I definitely prefer walk-in showers (sometimes electing to take the accessibility rooms for that benefit), I replied that ""both extra pillows and a walk-in shower would be great - thanks!"".  When I arrived at check-in, I was told that I was upgraded to a better room (I am…",Date of stay: January 2019,2.0
302,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or300-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,A bit naughty (not in a good way),"I’m a Hilton Honours member so chose a place in London for work. Bit of a pain to get to by underground, don’t be fooled by Kensington Olympia tube, hardly ever open in the week. Staff were friendly and helpful but bar and restaurant closed with no warning on website booking. Food was very disappointing, over £11 for a bit of toast, cheese and rocket...not what I was expecting from the promise of rarebit, please don’t convince overseas visitors that this is UK cuisine. Actually breakfast was excellent, good quality sausage and bacon. Room was quite small and noise outside was intrusive, think it was some kind of air con. I really like Hilton but really not up to expected standard. Not sure I’d book again.",Date of stay: January 2019,3.0
303,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or300-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Don’t go,"The only thing this hotel has going for it is the location to the exhibition centre and the staff. My room booked was a “deluxe double” 🤣🤣🤣🤣 . I hate to think what standard rooms were like. My room number was 412, basic and uninviting. If you do have to stay here make sure you avoid. Noisy water pipes ( and I do mean noisy) and passing trains and thin walls.  Staff make the most of a bad job and are very pleasant and obliging although the load walkie talkies carried by some staff are occasionally annoying. If you can stay anywhere else you should try",Date of stay: January 2019,2.0
304,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or300-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Friendly staff, great looking reception - old and tired elsewhere","The Hilton Olympia is always the go to hotel for any event we have at Olympia as it is extremely conveniently located and is not too bad in price.  The staff are incredibly helpful and friendly and nothing is too much trouble for them.  The HIlton looks impressive on arrival, but there is a lot of work to be done behind the scenes.  Don't get me worng, it's not dirty or anything like that, just tired looking and, to be honest, a Premier Inn bed is more comfortable.Breakfast selection is very good, but way over priced at around £11.50 a head.  I would stay here again due to it's location and convenience.",Date of stay: January 2019,3.0
305,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or305-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Excellent services,"I am a regular client of the bar and i  will continue to come here whenever i am in the area on business. The quality of the food and drinks is what one would expect from a Hilton hotel of this category. However , for me , what sets  this hotel apart is the level of service , the staff at the bar are always polite and outstanding , i would like to mention Remus because he make my day every time. Remus in particular is an absolute gem. His example motivates the rest of the staff to be the very best they can be. I have seldom encountered someone who so perfectly demonstrates the true spirit of service excellence.",Date of stay: January 2019,4.0
306,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or305-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Great location poor hotel,Checked into the hotel for a 3 day buisness trip and booked a single room. Was given a room on the 8th floor and quite quickly realised u was next to the air com unit as the noise was like a helicopter nexy door. Called to reception at 10pm.to be told someone will come and listen ...no one did ...called again to be told someone on there way ...no one was...called the third time and spoke to a lady who said dont worry we are moving you amd granted they did move me however still pipes outside my window and a level of noise !speaking to other exhibitors its been the same experience for them. Mattresses were extremely hard and my second room had no water etc. The night i moved the bellboy put a.ticket on my front door and didnt realise it was a do not disturb so after a long day at…,Date of stay: January 2019,2.0
307,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or305-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Brilliant Place for a lovely dinner!,We had the best time for dinner at the Olympia Hilton Restuarant.  The manager & waiter Remus made us feel so welcome and looked after. He recommended great food & the service was very quick & delicious. We would definitely come back here and will recommend to others! Thank you so much for having us and providing us with a lovely evening! Hope to see you again soon!,Date of stay: January 2019,5.0
308,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or305-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Excellent Value,"We came here on a coach trip with another couple for a birthday celebration the hotel and the staff couldn't have been any friendlier no it's not the most modern hotel in London but our room was spotlessly clean, breakfast was excellent ,very friendly staff both on reception and in the bar area .I would stay here again  the hotel went out of their way to make a fuss of the fact that it was a birthday celebration. location wise it is a bit of a walk about 15 minutes to Shepherds Bush underground however there is a bus stop literally on the corner next to the hotel which obviously will take you there or take you into London further",Date of stay: January 2019,4.0
309,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or305-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Very Bad Hotel!,"Before I write how bad this hotel is, I want to make it very clear that the staff are lovely and try their best for the customer,in this very tired outdated badly maintained hotel.  My first night was restless due to the noise coming from the air ducts at the back of the hotel. One of my colleagues had the same issue and another was moved rooms as the heating and air con controller was faulty.  The second night I returned back late from work and was relocated to a different room over looking the same air ducts, so the noise was still there, but in addition the mattress springs were broken and the wall of the bathroom was servicing main water pipes, so an unbearable noise was emitted into the room when other guests were using their bathrooms.  I was relocated to a third room,…",Date of stay: January 2019,1.0
310,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or310-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Good Value Hotel,The staff make you very welcome on arrival and are very helpful and pleasant at all times The Hotel is very clean  Could not fault the buffet breakfast it had everything you could ask for  The buses stopped very close to the hotel and the tube station was a short walk away,Date of stay: January 2019,4.0
311,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or310-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Not what I expected from a Hilton,"This was booked for me by work using a work credit card. I do not carry this card and the gentleman at reception was very rude whilst I tried to make suggestions on how it could be processed as he wanted to see the physical card. I then spoke to the manager who agreed with my suggestions and processed the booking using that card after speaking to the card holder on the telephone. I was under the impression it had been paid and didn't expect to be spoke to in that way by the first gentleman, completely unhelpful.  Once that was processed, we went to go and find our rooms. The room was OK - we had premium rooms that came with robes and water complimentary. The rooms are large, but the bathroom is very small and my colleague had to crouch to have a shower. The bathrooms need a bit…",Date of stay: November 2018,3.0
312,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or310-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Great Staff, good value","A older Hilton and a littlle dated, the rooms are dated and bathroom small but all very clean. Verey good location, GREAT staff in all areas, any problems sorted ot at once. Good bufet breakfast,  Staff on reception could not be more helpfull. Bus stops very close and only a short walk to the tube",Date of stay: January 2019,4.0
313,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or310-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Friendly and nice staff,"I go to Hilton Olympia to work almost every day, the cafe is nice and cozy, great place to work. It is the one of the best place to stay in for business trip. Especially the staffs in the cafe are very kind and service is amazing. I thank to Umas in the cafe for his consistently professional service and kindness!",Date of stay: January 2019,5.0
314,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or310-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Excellent Hilton,"Normally I don't post reviews but I felt it was worthwhile.  I tend to stay in Hiltons multiple days per week. Of all the options in London, I find myself coming back to this one time and time again.  The great thing about it is the spacious restaurant and bar, that gives a relaxed ambiance after a full day of work. But it also works wonderfully to bring customers to the hotel and discuss business during breakfast.  The staff is doing their finest to make you feel at home and I would like to mention that you are particularly lucky here if either Remus, Gabriel or Noemi is serving you.",Date of stay: January 2019,5.0
315,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or315-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Great service but rooms need updated!,"I chose this hotel because it was in a good location (Kensington High Street), which made getting around London quite easy.  It was a bit cheaper than other Hilton Hotels so I was a bit worried something was off about the property.  The lobby, restaurant and executive lounge are quite nice.  The staff is outstanding.  Unfortunately, the rooms really need to be updated.  They are loud and mine smelled quite musty.",Date of stay: January 2019,3.0
316,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or315-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Staff made our stay ,"We felt tired and a little grumpy after a long journey but were greeted warmly by Matteo at the front desk. After he thanked me for my loyalty and made sure I got the room I wanted, we felt much better and went for a late dinner at the bar. The room we got was slightly dated and needs to be refurbished. An updated room would earn  my review 5 stars since the staff at this property is super friendly, very accommodating and sincerely welcoming. I’ll definitely consider staying here again on my next London trip.",Date of stay: January 2019,4.0
317,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or315-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Very pleasant stay & highly convenient  ,"Booked the hotel as was on a very good deal with BA. Saw some mixed reviews on trip advisor so became skeptical.  Stayed between the 27-30th of December and could not fault the hotel at all.  Room was of a decent size (picture attached), bathroom was more modern than the bedroom. Fresh towels and toiletries every day.  Got a room on floor 7 and at the back of the hotel and though not a decent view (picture attached) got a great nights sleep, hardly any noise.  Hotel right next to Hilton Olympia station and short walk to Hyde park or Baron’s court station.  Didn’t eat breakfast so can’t comment on that, walking in to use the restroom and the place looked very modern and spacious.  Good luggage facilities if checking out early and staff at front desk very friendly.  Overall, would…",Date of stay: December 2018,5.0
318,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or315-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Excellent service,"Room was very clean,comfortable beds,service was impressive,breakfast was available in the room,nothing was to much trouble.breakfast was plentiful,good choice of everything.my keycard didnt work,i had to give proof of identity before reciving another,security is good.",Date of stay: January 2019,5.0
319,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or315-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Worst Hilton,"This is the worst Hilton I have ever stayed. I am a diamond member and I stay a lot at Hilton hotels. The first room they allocated me the air conditioning was broken and with a very lousy noise. I complained about it and they gave me room that was very dusty and not very clean. I went to close the curtains and the curtain dropped, so I had to go to sleep with the half falling curtain. They told me the hotel was busy and no other rooms available. The breakfast was impossible a very big queue, so I had breakfast at the executive lounge. The executive lounge and the staff at the lounge are very nice.",Date of stay: November 2018,2.0
320,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or320-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Good value and decent location,"I stayed at Hilton Olympia for two nights during the New Year holidays with my family and we were satisfied with the hotel, however there is an over all need for refurbishment. We chose a very reasonable priced meal package, including breakfast & dinner, when we made the booking, mostly because we didn't want to be forced to find some overprized New Years Eve deal, before going to the London Fireworks show at London Eye, and the food at the dinner was very nice. The hotel is located about 15 minutes walk from Earl's Court Tube Station, but on weekends you can also choose the option of using the Kensington Olympia Tube Station, which is located only 5 minutes from the hotel.",Date of stay: December 2018,4.0
321,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or320-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Ok,This is a rather tired hotel to have the name Hilton on it. It is OK if you want a few nights in London and have found a deal but if you paid full price you would be disappointed. Rooms need an upgrade and would be travelodge standard at best. Front of house is excellent and breakfast is good.,Date of stay: December 2018,3.0
322,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or320-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Tired rooms, but good value","Very convenient location for Olympia and a short walk to Kensington High Street tube (and/or a number of others) for easy access into the centre. The room in which I stayed was a little pokey and tired, but it was very good value price-wise. The reception desk staff were very friendly which was also good. I elected not to pay for breakfast and had a very good one at half the price locally.",Date of stay: November 2018,4.0
323,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or320-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Some rooms need renovation,With a name like 'Hilton' we expected more. We traveled as a group and certain people had more comfortable rooms then others.  We had a room on the 4th floor and it had some issues. Bathroom ceiling has been mentioned before. You can't take a proper shower without having to squad. The carpet in the room was loose and felt dirty. Besides that we had a hard time sleeping on a matrass that was supported by just a wooden plank... I suppose some people prefer it that way... But it's strange nonetheless + it made quite some noise.  However on a positive note: the staff is very friendly and helpful and the bathroom was very clean.,Date of stay: December 2018,3.0
324,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or320-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Poor standard Hilton,"Stayed here on a quiet Sunday. Indifferent welcome from staff at the front desk, despite status, the room is filled with road noise as the windows don’t close flush. The decor is old and drab and the lights won’t turn on without the bed jiggled out. Disappointing stay. Not looking forward to my other booking next week. Will be steering clear afterwards.",Date of stay: December 2018,2.0
325,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or325-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,One of the great Hilton properties in London,I travel to London regularly and do my best to stay at a HIlton property.  If my meetings are spread around London I find the Olympia to be a good base as it's easy to get to from Heathrow and easy to get into Centre City. ,Date of stay: December 2018,5.0
326,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or325-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,I’m sure the tinnitus will stop eventually,"In room, waiting for extraordinarily loud sound of flushing en suite loo to stop. This hotel is always viley expensive for what you get but it’s near Olympia when the horse show on. But it’s horrid. Grubby, peeling wallpaper and music in bar may well have given me hearing loss. Room is freezing but hey, what do you expect for £ 350+ . Just don’t",Date of stay: December 2018,1.0
327,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or325-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Dreadful I know but....,I stay here once a year with friends.  I know it needs a makeover.  I know it’s overpriced for a shabby hotel but it has always worked for us. Until this year.  The music in the bar is so loud I cannot hear a word my friends say.  Conversation is impossible.  Ambiance this is not. Probably the last time  we will stay here ,Date of stay: December 2018,1.0
328,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or325-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Great Location and Great Price,Old hotel transformed into a beautifully clean hotel! The concierge was so helpful and friendly. All the staff was great. The location was a bit far from Buckingham palace and museums but there is a bus stop right outside the hotel.,Date of stay: December 2018,5.0
329,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or325-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Dated and Shabby,"Oh dear, not what I expected at all. So in need of a makeover. The carpets are worn, the lifts are tiny and it is 3 star at best. BASIC. The staff are very pleasant but dealing with a crumbling pile. Room service great, food great but God I'm here for 8 nights!!! ",Date of stay: December 2018,1.0
330,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or330-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Stay away,"Sorry, but this is not a Hilton. The room furniture is old and shappy, specks on the carpet and walls about which you wouldn't even think about where it comes from. The room smells even if you have the window open the whole day! The bath - just to say disgusting (avoid having the shower curtain contact with your skin).  The plus: breakfast. Surely not worth value for money.",Date of stay: December 2018,1.0
331,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or330-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Not meeting the standard's of a four star hote..compared to the facilities inUAEl,Not worth value for money..so please think ..staff and service is good..but rooms are very small..breakfast is good but daily same menu.. lounge was offered but was of no use and waste of money..bathrooms are very small..,Date of stay: December 2018,3.0
332,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or330-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Birthday treat,Spent two nights with my husband and son as a birthday treat. Thank you for the lovely chocolate surprise in our bedroom and towel cake! Your staff at the front desk and in particular in the restaurant were extremely efficient and are a credit to the hotel. We had a delightful stay and wouldn't hesitate to return when staying in London again.,Date of stay: December 2018,4.0
333,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or330-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,No frills,Booked a last minute break in London and found a good offer here. The overall location is okay. It is a 20 minute walk to Shepherds Bush and surrounding underground stations.  The hotel is quite dated and would benefit a refurbishment. The room itself was clean and spacious. It was a little noisy but expected in city centres. The bed wasn’t the most comfortable and it wasn’t the best sleep quality. The bathroom had nice complimentary toiletries.  The front desk team were extremely helpful and friendly. We were lucky enough to check in 4 hours early and very grateful for it.,Date of stay: December 2018,3.0
334,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or330-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Avoid,"This is one of the worst hotels I’ve ever stayed in and I count several in the developing world way above it. From the unhelpful Eastern European counter staff to the half empty shampoo bottle awaiting me on arrival to the room temperature set at 26 degrees.  What is it about the big hotel chains who champion excellence across the globe but think it’s acceptable to Rip customers off in London?  I can guarantee you that if I walked into the Hilton in my home town I would get value for money. Having to ask repeatedly for water at 3am, am I paying guest or am I prisoner you tell me.  Stay away from these places. When they treat you like dirt walk out and don’t pay them Maybe then they will learn. ",Date of stay: December 2018,1.0
335,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or335-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Very tired hotel in need of a major refurbishment,"Nice contemporary reception and bar / restaurant area. However this hotel is very badly let down by the ageing appearance behind this as the roms are very tired and dated The first room i was allocated was quite dirty and only ater complaining i was upgraded to a better room. However, it was still very tired and dated. Did not complain again as resigned mysel to the fact that this was as good as it gets. For a so called 4  star hotel in London this falls way short of the mark and i have stayed in far better hilton hotels in london. Come on hilton, this hotel is in a prime location and crying out for a major refurbishment programme. Not good value for money and will be complaining agian when i check out",Date of stay: December 2018,3.0
336,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or335-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Great staff,The staff in the restaurant and bar were very attentive and helpful. Special mention for Remus in the bar who was great. The rooms need a face lift but ours was very clean and the staff and service levels made up for any shortcomings.,Date of stay: November 2018,4.0
337,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or335-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Worst Hilton Hotel I have stayed in,"My wife and I stayed here for a night out at The Royal Albert Hall. Location was great for our needs and upon arrival the reception looked very nice, however upon leaving the lift the true age of the hotel was shown. Everything needs decorating, wall paper was peeling off, paint work scuffed. Then upon entering the room it was like going back in time. Threadbare carpet that was stained a different color by the bathroom, florescent lights on the mirror, marked and scuffed dressing table and a very old wardrobe. Pillows were so soft they were non-existent and best of all the ceiling is that low in the bathroom l had to almost kneel down to take a shower otherwise my head would pop through the false ceiling. The window sound proofing as poor, the sound of the air conditioning units…",Date of stay: November 2018,2.0
338,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or335-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Underwhelmed and dissappointed,"Dated interior, side lamp broken, unhelpful staff, thermostate was broken so had to make numerous calls to maintenance to try and get room warm enough to sleep in, and incredibly overpriced. Could have spent a more pleasant night at half the cost. Far from the Hilton experience one would expect.",Date of stay: December 2018,2.0
339,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or335-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,No care for carbon footprint,I attended a day long meeting at this hotel. The only cups provided for the coffee and tea were cardboard single use cups. The only water provided was in single-use plastic bottles.  In May 2018 Hilton proudly announced that it was going to halve its carbon footprint by 2030 and this approach to catering is not going to help. At least I had my water bottle with me and my Waitrose coffee cup!,Date of stay: November 2018,2.0
340,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or340-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Caring and effective service,"Just at 5m walk from Olympia London, this hotel is an obvious choice, if one attends an event there. On a similar occasion, I stayed for three nights, almost one year ago.  And, what I will be mostly remembering, is the effectiveness and the genuine care and attentiveness of the night shift employees in a medical emergency of a colleague of mine -happily not serious, as it proved to be: they made sure medical assistance was provided and remained stand by for as long as it was needed. Thus, despite the deficits the hotel may have, it will always be an option when in London.",Date of stay: December 2017,5.0
341,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or340-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Great visit and great service,I stay in Hilton's all over the place with work so always know what to expect. It was my first time at the Hilton Olympia so was pleasantly surprised by the warm welcome on arrival. The person on reception was really friendly and explained all the hotel amenities. I say that because on many occasions the reception staff see I'm a regular traveller by my profile and pretty much hand me the key. I had my room upgraded and access to the lounge which was great. It's pretty small but again very helpful and friendly guy at the reception desk. The room size was Ok albeit it could have done with updating as it looked a little tired in all honesty.  I ate dinner and breakfast and both were good with plenty of choice. I will certainly stop here again. ,Date of stay: November 2018,4.0
342,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or340-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Faulty Towers - But Without the Laughs,"Like the title says, this place is a comedy of errors. And I think the last time the rooms were renovated must have been about the time that Faulty Towers came out. Let's start with the good (won't take long - there isn't much): Great location for attending events at London Olympia . . . Um. . . Struggling to think of anything else good to say. Now let's get to the meat of the review: I paid for an Executive room with lounge access. Room was tired, not very clean and had filthy carpet. If the Executive rooms were like this, I can only imagine the standard rooms. The shower curtain was so long that it kept blocking the shower drain.  They didn't bother cleaning my room one day. I left at 9:30, returned at about 16:00 and the room still hadn't been done. (the do not disturb sing…",Date of stay: November 2018,1.0
343,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or340-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Great staff,"Well it’s not the flashiest hotel in London, not the best Hilton, but the service was fantastic. The rooms are a little dated and in need of a renovation but you can’t beat it for its closeness to Olympia convention centre.",Date of stay: November 2018,4.0
344,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or340-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,An Overnight Stay,"My partner and I stayed here for just one night having visited Olympia. Check in seemed to take ages, but the staff did apologize for the delay. Our room was extremely comfortable, although it looked out over a courtyard that seemed crammed with junk. However, the hotel itself was spotlessly clean, all the staff were absolutely delightful and very friendly and helpful. The only meal we had was breakfast and this was quite a treat. We sat by a window overlooking gardens and enjoyed a superb meal, taking as much time as we wished. Everything is freshly cooked and there was so much from which to choose. Perhaps because we came down towards the end of the breakfast period some items seemed in short supply, particularly fresh fruit and pastries, but the full English part couldn't be…",Date of stay: November 2018,4.0
345,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or345-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Just ‘Ok’,"So stayed at this place last night. The big positive for me was the staff. Helpful, polite, courteous and inviting. My hat goes off to you all and it is only because of the staff that Hilton reached a 3 on this occasion.  Confusion at check-in delayed me unnecessarily. The hotel is very tired looking. Crappy ‘Nescafe’ sachets in the room. I could go on....  The hotel needs a facelift - but the staff were fabulous!!",Date of stay: November 2018,3.0
346,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or345-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,A room with no view,"Well-positioned - but a warning - room 643 is insultingly bad. Interior facing, completely frosted window, no fresh air, and a huge air conditioner outside that meant I couldn't sleep. At this price point, this room is unacceptable. Treat with caution.",Date of stay: November 2018,1.0
347,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or345-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Another fantastic stay,"This was a second stay in this hotel to attend olympia. Again it did not disappoint. Yes it might look a bit dated but staff is second to none and our room was clean and airy. We were on the first floor above the front door but the traffic did not interfere with our sleep at all. Bathroom could do with new taps but what matters to me is cleanliness and you could not fault this room. Breakfast is amazing, so much choice, hot dishes freshly cooked, nobody rushes you to free the table and the breakfast room is very pleasant. The hotel is well served by public transport or just a stroll away from Holland park, very pleasant. We will return without hesitation.",Date of stay: November 2018,5.0
348,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or345-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Good, not great.","We had some trouble upon checking in when the room we were assigned was cleaned and made up, but experiencing a minor flood in the bathroom from a leaking toilet.  No worries, we let the front desk know so they could send maintenance and went out for a few hours.  Upon our return, the front desk assured us that it was taken care of but the bathroom was still flooded.  We left again, and only after our third trip to the room were we given a second room.  The room was perfectly adequate, and I was very impressed with the large plush towels.  The bed, however, felt like the mattress hadn't been changed since the hotel opened.  You could quite literally see the springs through the bedding.  (ouch)  Additionally, it was quite difficult to use the shower/tub combo:  it was very tall…",Date of stay: November 2018,4.0
349,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or345-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Not the best,Initially confusion over HHonours points booking led to a £180 room charge for a hotel I feel based on the standards I have experienced from Hilton extremely sub standard. I have stayed in the Hilton Carlton over 59 nights this year and I have become to expect an exceptional level of service as they always deliver. The team are fantastic the rooms amazing and the service excellent. By contrast I would never stay here again ,Date of stay: November 2018,1.0
350,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or350-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Staff lift rating, building a bit tired",Stayed here two nights on business and found reception friendly and helpful. Room was ok but building overall is a bit tired. Lifts are particularly frustrating and slow. Bathroom is adequate rather than good. T.v. In the room was also slow to change channels etc. Breakfast was good standard and room was fine. Overall this would end there with an average-poor rating but the staff really lift the hotel. All I came across were friendly and helpful and this has lifeted the hotel to very good. Location is good though it’s 1km from the nearest tube station and similar from a variety of restaurants. My room even on 7th floor had significant noise ingress from the road outside.   As with most of these hotels now cost cutting is dressed up as ‘environmentally friendly’. Don’t have your…,Date of stay: November 2018,4.0
351,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or350-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,staff staff staff,"Again another stay with this hotel,satisfied no,still no renovation,for repeat guest there is nothing,anyway I do not want to tell so many things about this hotel,maybe next time I will change my opinion and might prefere some other hotels .Reception Staff Charles,GM Asistant julie,Brakfast staff Mrs Francesca and Mr Samir were brilliant,thank you to all.",Date of stay: November 2018,4.0
352,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or350-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Spoilt ,"Arrived at the Hilton on the 13th Nov18 for 3 nights, staff really pleasant and helpful enjoyed our time there. Breakfast team fabulous. But been billed twice, promised it would refunded in 1hour 7hrs ago still waiting! Plus would be nice if they returned my call as promised!!!",Date of stay: November 2018,1.0
353,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or350-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Pleasant 2 night stay,"Wife and I stayed at this hotel for 2 nights at the start of our European vacation with Trafalgar. We arrived at the hotel after our overnight flight at around 11 AM. Our room was already ready. We had a room on the top floor. The hotel seemed dated but clean. once of the elevators, it was kind of a maze to find our room. Once we found it we didn't have any more troubles. The room was dated but comfortable. When we first went in our room, we were surprised to see men working out on our balcony. At night you could hear traffic on the streets. The hotel was close to food and shopping and a short walk to public transportation. We had breakfast one morning in the restaurant which was good. I would stay here again.",Date of stay: October 2018,4.0
354,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or350-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Business trip,"2 nights stay while attending an event at Olympia.  Looks long over due an upgrade, very dated and tired looking.  Beds are terrible, bar area ok.  Handy if you are attending events at the Olympia, close to tube and a decent curry house across the road.",Date of stay: November 2018,3.0
355,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or355-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Not as expected...,"I stayed here as part of a surprise trip to London for my birthday. This was my first time staying at a Hilton. The entrance/reception area was lovely and modern - just as I had perceived the hotel to look like. The staff were very friendly and helpful - especially the concierge. When we were going up to our rooms, only one out of the three lifts was actually working but there was no out of service notice - so many people were attempting to use the two that were not working. Once we had got to our floor, the hotel appeared dated and was nothing like our perceptions or first impression from the reception area. The rooms were really cold and despite our attempts to turn up the heating with the meter, the rooms remained cold for our whole stay. The rooms themselves were nice and…",Date of stay: November 2018,3.0
356,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or355-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Some of your belongings might ""disappear"" from your room....","Some personal belongings of mine went missing from my room. Not sure if they were taken or i.e. tucked into the bed sheets by accident or tossed away somehow, but I hope Hilton does the right thing and reimburse me for this, although I truly doubt it...",Date of stay: November 2018,1.0
357,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or355-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Renovation, renovation...",The reason I booked this hotel was a conference I was attending was at this hotel.   It was very obvious that this was a hotel in urgent need of renovation. It helped somewhat that the staff was great and the  breakfast excellent.   But I will not return before the renovation has been done. ,Date of stay: November 2018,2.0
358,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or355-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Toilet,"Wonder was this room cleaned?????? Checked in last night, room 620! Found a shower cap put on the smoke detector. Perhaps, I will have to supervise house keeping. Things are changing at Hilton on the western part of the Globe.",Date of stay: November 2018,2.0
359,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or355-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,All gone a bit pear-shaped,"Stayed here once before a few years ago and couldn't fault it.  Fast forward to 2018, and something has gone very wrong.  On arrival we were offered an up-grade to executive suite and use of executive bar, free of charge - lovely we thought.  Then when we went to our room we found that it was already in use (embarrassing for all and total security breach).  Only room left was on top floor in a smoking room & corridor, with a less than desirable outlook.  For compensation they did offer us free dinner so took advantage of that and stayed in to eat in the restaurant.  First choice unavailable, so both had Fish & Chips which was good although service was a bit lacking.  The only good about the bedroom was the very comfortable mattress.  The room itself was a bit drab and right next…",Date of stay: November 2018,3.0
360,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or360-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Weekend break,This hotel needs a massive refurb  Rooms very musty and dated. We had booked an executive suite along with our other rooms the executive suite gives automatic access to the executive lounge I only knew this as a Hilton honours diamond member  When arriving at the lounge we were turned away by the waiter as our key had not been activated  he implied we were trying to access when we had no right to.  Reception did not mention that we would have access or activated our key. If I had not known myself we would have been non the wiser  Most of the other staff were friendly and helpful,Date of stay: November 2018,2.0
361,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or360-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Flying visit,"After a long business day followed by dinner with colleagues I finally got to check into the hotel at almost midnight and was checked in efficiently by the friendly staff and I asked about express check out as was leaving early next morning and my question was answered well.  I had room 502 which was a disabled room with wet room which wasnt a problem, as I was only in the room to sleep.  Room was big, probably bigger cause its disabled, it was very clean, so all you really needed.  However... the one of the windows wasn't air tight so it didnt give you the sound proofing that it was meant to give! If I pushed the window you could tell how good the sound proofing should have been, but sadly there was no way I could fix it and by now it was12.30am.  So all night long I had the…",Date of stay: November 2018,3.0
362,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or360-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Unexpected,"Staff was 4 star and very accommodating. Concierge was very informative and helpful. I would NOT stay for any type of trip with these rooms again. Hilton should not have its name on this outdated, overrated, 1 star property. ",Date of stay: October 2018,1.0
363,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or360-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Tired room, noisy.","I write as I am disappointed with my first experience. I am staying here for two nights. I booked this expensive hotel via my Hilton app and as a very frequent worldwide traveller and a Hilton Honors diamond member I have experienced many good and a few bad stays. I am not a serial review writer and just like things to be right, no excuses. I was told I had an upgrade at check-in but an upgrade to what? Undisclosed... my 5th floor room is at the front of the hotel directly on Kensington Road, noisy, the room is tired, broken tap, mould below one tile where the grout is missing, no iron but an ironing board. I called twice to request an iron before getting a response. A hair on the side of the bath tub too...  Anyhow, I’m sure you know how it goes, get in the room, a bit…",Date of stay: November 2018,2.0
364,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or360-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Overbooked rooms and totally unsatisfactory,Booked four rooms and only three were available. Total chaos and couldn’t be sorted out on the night so very unsatisfactory result. We ended up sharing a tiny room between three just so we could get to bed at 12.30. ,Date of stay: November 2018,1.0
365,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or365-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,An Experience,"Having travelled some 400 miles to arrive at 17.00pm, to be told the system was down and no checks in were happening was a disappointment, however, I was offered complimentary coffee at Costa which was adjacent. At around 18.00, nothing was working, but a back up plan was in place, so access to the room was achieved and again a complimentary token was issued for an evening drink and a meal. With that I went up to the room and decided to shower, relax and have a bar meal. Bearing in mind I am 5'5'' at my best, the room selected was perfect, I could control my balance within the shower by being wedged between the bath floor and the ceiling - what great planning to see me coming, not sure how any one else would cope. Food was good, however, it took a lot of negotiation to get the…",Date of stay: October 2018,3.0
366,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or365-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Cricket and the Philadelphia Eagles at Wembley Stadium,"A group of 7 of us stayed at the Hilton London Olympia the week prior to the Philadelphia Eagles vs the Jacksonville Jaguars at Wembley Stadium.  The location of the hotel worked out by using the bus (stop is right in front of the hotel) or a 10-15 minute walk to the tube station.  The hotel desperately needs to be refurbished in the rooms, hallways and elevators.  What it lacks in style it makes up for in hospitality.  This hotel has an incredibly warm staff and should be extremely proud of the way they treat their customers.  We were all treated like valued clientele, especially at breakfast and in the Executive Lounge.  Dembo Sillah was especially accommodating and helpful.  Every hotel should have a Dembo!Also, the concierge was spot on with his transport suggestions and…",Date of stay: October 2018,4.0
367,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or365-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Great service, poor accommodations","We stayed in a king executive room on the 4th floor.  The room had an odor to it, the shower curtain had two black stains on it that were either grease or mold or something, the bathtub did not drain adequately making showers cumbersome, the height of the shower was so low that anyone over 5'10"" will not fit (no exaggeration). This should not be a ""Hilton"".  ",Date of stay: October 2018,1.0
368,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or365-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,5th Time -- Even Better -- Don't Hesitate to Select This Hotel,"Selection of this Hotel as your business or vacation spot should be a no-brainer.  This was my 5th stay here.  I purposefully selected this property because of the location, the rooms, and incredible service.  This is not a 5-Star hotel, but the service at the front desk, to the concierge, and to housekeeping has always been above par.  The rooms are comfortable, and very meticulously clean.  I know that some will comment that the rooms are a bit on the small side.  However, this is Europe and not the States.  In addition, I'm not spending my entire stay in the room.   As for location, it is about a 10 to 15-minute walk to the Kensington High Street Tube.  I love this walk as it gives me time to enjoy some fresh air.  Also, there are shops and cafes along the way.  Right around…",Date of stay: October 2018,5.0
369,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or365-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,great location if attending Olympia venue,I exhibited around the corner at Olympia so this was  the best option when it comes to traditional hotel. Did not tried the breakfast or any food there so I can not comment about it.  My room was a bit small but comfortable.,Date of stay: September 2018,5.0
370,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or370-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Convenient with friendly staff,"The front desk staff and concierge were quite welcoming and helpful. Keep in mind that you may need to navigate a few steps up and down from the elevator and main staircase to reach your room. The hotel is located close to public transportation, food stores, and restaurants. The walk to the nearest Big Bus Hop on-Hop off bus takes about twenty minutes (level walking through an apparently-safe retail and residential neighborhood). The address can be messed up in GPS so keep that in mind. The breakfast buffet provides many options and the staff members are very attentive. The restaurant decor is showing its age but is still lovely. We had a few problems with our room but our bill was kindly modified to account for the inconvenience.",Date of stay: October 2018,4.0
371,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or370-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Very good hotel and very professional staff,"The hotel located in one of the most elegant areas of London and has an easy access to most interesting areas of London as the bus stop is in front of the hotel. Very good and tasty breakfast with high level of services especially at the executive lounge where you really feel that you are at home. One of the gentleman’s that we meet was very polite and very professional (Michele Coco), he help us a lot with information and directions about what we are interested.",Date of stay: October 2018,5.0
372,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or370-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Typical Hilton!,"Not fantastic, not bad.  I will say this though....the young man at check in was wonderful.  I am so bummed that I can't remember his name.  I wrote it down and somehow lost it between the UK and the UAE.  He was friendly, professional, helpful, a good conversationalist and was kind enough to provide us with a coupon for two complimentary drinks in the Society Bar.....which, by the way, is a great place for a drink by the window to people watch on the street below!  The room was typical Hilton.  Clean.  Comfy bed. Lovely pillows. Crabtree and Evelyn toiletries.  Just basically ""meh"" ... the same thing you get at 100s of other Hiltons.   Even though it was nothing special, if we were to have a need to stay in the same area (we wanted to stay close to a friend who was at another…",Date of stay: October 2018,4.0
373,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or370-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Worn out Hilton - would not stay here again.,"While the location was good, I would not stay here again. I was with a good friend and we requested 2 beds, which turned out to be 2 twin beds. The room had curtains hanging/torn from the rod, the twin beds had no box springs and were very uncomfortable. To get to our room from the lift, we had to climb 5 stairs and then go down 2. For someone with mobility issues, this would have been a major barrier. The shower had 4 different controls which took quite a while to figure out, resulting in a cold or very hot shower. The hotel is time worn. Not a good experience for a pricey room.",Date of stay: October 2018,2.0
374,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or370-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Great hotel - bathrooms pretty small and dull!,I stayed here for 1 night as we were going to a concert at the Eventim Apollo.  I got upgraded from a single to a double room due to being a Diamond member.  The staff were very friendly and I thought the hotel was nice and modern (well mostly).  The room was quite large and the bed quite comfy.  There was quite a lot of noise from the street which woke me up - so not great soundproofing.  The thing that let the room down though was the bathroom - it was very small and cramped - it would have been tricky with 2 people staying in the room.  We had a couple of drinks at the bar - London prices unfortunately - but the atmosphere was quite good and they had a good variety of drinks.  Location wise this is pretty good - although busses are better than a tube ride as it is a little…,Date of stay: October 2018,3.0
375,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or375-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Bargain for Location ,We was doing an exhibition at Olympia and managed to get great rates for our rooms. The hotel is dated and need of an upgrade and whilst they have parking it is a rip off at £37 per day. It has most bits you want though and for £125 B&B it is a good deal. Nice staff too. ,Date of stay: October 2018,4.0
376,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or375-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Exceptional customer service,"We (my friend and I) decided to go to London to celebrate our birthdays and we booked a room for us at Hilton London Olympia for one night on Sun 21st – Mon 22nd Oct 2018. I couldn’t be happier about our choice! The staff at the reception as well as other members of staff we met were all extremely helpful and nice people.  We arrived at the hotel before the check-in time, but they let us leave our bags in the luggage hold until we would come back later.  When returning back a few hours later, we found a lovely little surprise – (beautifully plated up chocolate mousse, macarons and fresh berries with a little bottle of red wine and a message) which had been left in the room for us by the reception staff. We went out again for the evening and after returning past midnight, the…",Date of stay: October 2018,5.0
377,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or375-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Nice stay in London,"We have stayed at Hilton London Olympia recently. The rooms were nice and clean, staff was kind especially Francesca who was serving us on breakfast. I want to thank her for her exceptional service and how she treated us. This is how the real Hilton staff should be like! We also had an access to Executive Lounge but one of the staff was a bit mean to us. But we have enjoyed the stay anyway! Thank You!",Date of stay: October 2018,4.0
378,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or375-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Very out-dated hotel / rooms.,"The reception area was decent and the employees very friendly. The room was really back in history and the bed was very bad. The springs in the bed were noisy, so with every move in bed you were awake immediately. Sorry for the neighbours that I used the toilet during the night since filling up the water reservoir made a hell of a noice. Really time for a complete update of this hotel...",Date of stay: October 2018,2.0
379,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or375-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Good Location, Average Room with Limited Toiletries, Excellent Reception Staff But Concierge Service To Be Improved.",The Location and Reception Staff are the best attributes of the hotel. We were given only 1 set of toiletries and slippers and was given only 1 face towel on 1 day despite booking a twin room. Concierge staff service has to be improved.,Date of stay: October 2018,3.0
380,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or380-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,A little date but 4 star +,"The hotel is a little older but it is clean, well-maintained and accessible through public transit. You can easily walk to nearby shops and restaurants that have a wide variety of selections. Staff was friendly and helpful and even got our room ready early when we told them we'd been travelling for a while. People around are also friendly and we had no issues with asking for directions in the area.",Date of stay: October 2018,4.0
381,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or380-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Small But Has Everthing You Need,We stayed at this hotel as part of a tour.  The room was small but had everything we needed and most of all was very clean.  Beds were comfortable.  The breakfast included with the room was great with a good selection.  Staff were friendly and the concierge was very helpful.,Date of stay: September 2018,3.0
382,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or380-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Can not believe Hilton put their name on this dump,"I have never been worried about spending a night at a Hilton property, until now. I arrived mid afternoon, and was began to worry as the check in process was so slow. The outside of the hotel is well signed and it looks like it would be a great stay. The lobby inside was spacious with comfortable seating.  Check in The check in process was incredibly slow, and I heard several people, including some flight crews who grew very impatient having to wait.  Room Once I had my room key I proceeded up the slowest elevator in the world. Once I go to my floor I got out and tried to find my room. I say tried because once out of the room I had to navigate a series of windy hallways while going up and down half flights of stairs. This hotel looks like it was added on to several times and…",Date of stay: May 2018,2.0
383,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or380-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Amazing service but the design is a tad outdated,"Pedro welcomed us to the hotel and was very helpful with a speedy check-in, upgrade and amenity. The next morning we had breakfast and Barbara was very attentive and helpful. I will definitely recommend this hotel even though the design is a bit outdated for my taste but the wonderful staff made that negligible.",Date of stay: October 2018,4.0
384,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or380-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,So in need of a revamp!,I stay in this hotel twice a year and it never gets any better!  Unfortunately it is the closest to London's Olympia so it is convenient but it is so run down.  Other 'lower grade' and therefore cheaper hotels are so much better!  I tried checking in at 11am but was told that I should return at 1pm to check in.  I returned after 1pm (nearer to 3pm I believe) and was told there was still no room available for me.  I was offered the lounge for 15 mins whilst they got me a room. I waited for 45mins and nobody came to see me so I went back to reception and they then found me a room - right next to the service lift which kept me awake all night every night so I changed rooms in the end given that I am there on business and working 12 hours day so I need a restful sleep at night. …,Date of stay: September 2018,2.0
385,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or385-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Run down and expensive,"This is a Hilton, in theory. In Practice Hilton should not let this hotel have the hilton brand.  Paid gbp 267 for a room that has no windows (blocked window tainted white) and with furniture of such bath quality and old that you think you are in a two star hotel.  The room is also very noisy, most likely some sort of pump.  The bathroom is also of very cheap quality, like the rest of the hotel.  Obviously do not recommend it, stay at a travel lodge, they are better. ",Date of stay: October 2018,1.0
386,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or385-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Business stay,"Stayed here this week at a cost of £160 per night and whilst the public areas are good and the staff are great the rooms are poor , i was pleased to be told at check in I had been given a deluxe room but it definitely wasn’t deluxe. It felt dirty and shabby and the noise from the road a train station is awful it honestly felt like sleeping on a Motorway next to a train station, so  bad that I kept checking that I hadn’t left the window open , rooms this noisy shouldn’t be allocated and I won’t stay again.",Date of stay: October 2018,2.0
387,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or385-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,A room with no view - literally,"Being a Hilton member, needed to top up my points and booked a room here. Arrived late and got put into what I would class as an unsaleable room. Room 139. Next to lift motors and hotel air conditioning units there was constant noise (didn’t notice until trying to sleep..). There was no view, literally...the window had thick tarpaulin over it...probably the worst room I have had in any hotel in 4 years and I stay somewhere at least once per week. So much for being a valued member...complaint worth 5,000 points. Not the standard I expect from Hilton. My advice, stay somewhere else.",Date of stay: October 2018,1.0
388,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or385-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Nice Modern Hotel,"Everything you would expect from a hotel:  great wifi, lots of outlets, a comfortable bed and friendly staff.  Stayed here twice in August, once at the beginning of travels and once at the end.  Not the greatest location but good value for the money.",Date of stay: August 2018,5.0
389,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or385-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Affordable London accommodations,"While looking for some place affordable in London, I came across the Hilton London Olympia.  Good location, relatively nice room, basic Hilton approach, friendly front desk -- it turned out to be a nice place to stay with plenty of nearby restaurants for breakfast, lunch or dinner.",Date of stay: April 2018,4.0
390,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or390-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Busy Hotel,"Chelsea is a very busy district.  If you are looking for peace and quiet, go up the street to the Double Tree.  If you want people and a wide variety of people this is your place.  The Tube is a few blocks away, but buses are readily available.  Take number 9 to Trafalgar square.",Date of stay: September 2018,4.0
391,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or390-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews, For a Hilton hotel I expected more ,"This hotel was pretty outdated and the rooms and deco a little depressing.   I called to swap my room and the reception desk could only accommodate for the following day. £191 / night you would expect a higher quality room, no water in my room and the hair dryer only blew cold air. There was also no luggage stand to hold my suitcase so I had my case open on the floor. One thing that really annoyed me was the fact the cleaner just closed my suitcase with all the compartments open, which meant when I opened my suitcase back up, all my belongings were just everywhere!   Overall not a great experience here ",Date of stay: October 2018,2.0
392,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or390-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Guests come first,"We checked in on Tuesday afternoon, having requested a room for disabled. The room certainly was but like a hospital ward without any comfort for spending time in the main area.  My wife went to the front desk, where they couldn’t have been more understand. They immediately upgraded us to a suite that more suited our purpose. They even put a step in front of the bath so it would be easier for me to gain access to the shower.  Hiton should be proud of the team and their reaction on Tuesday afternoon.  Our stay was most enjoyable.  Michael Green",Date of stay: October 2018,4.0
393,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or390-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Not great ,Well this hotel is part of the Hilton chain but by far not Hilton standard . Firstly I would say the location is quite good and the reception area is clean tidy and welcoming. But the rooms or tired dull and in need of refreshing the bathroom is crazy you stand in the shower and your head nearly touches the celling and the shower is not great. The other problem we encountered was our room was not cleaned and made up on when we informed reception they did t really want to know so not great service. Still we might just of had a poor room also the bar area is very expensive. I try to be as honest a d open in my reviews so would I stay again probably not but should you stay well you might have a better experience so please don’t let this review put you off 😃😃,Date of stay: October 2018,3.0
394,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or390-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Good location,We stayed at Hilton Olympia for a few nights prior to departing in a tour through Great Britain.  Good location and public transport network is close to hotel.  Personnel was kind and helpful with transport recommendations.,Date of stay: September 2018,5.0
395,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or395-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Disappointing ,"To be fair, most of the front desk personnel were friendly, but the hotel overall was a disappointment. First day housekeeping did not show up until late afternoon after I was back; second day, they forgot to leave clean towels. The in-room coffee/teapot was dirty. Prepaid breakfast buffet was disorganized and short on food when I went through. Prepaid car service to the airport did not show up.",Date of stay: September 2018,2.0
396,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or395-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Slightly disappointed,The staff at the hotel are really helpful and willing to assist however the rooms are dated and was expexting better. Good breakfast selection.  Watch for the service charge at the bar that wasn't disclosed,Date of stay: October 2018,3.0
397,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or395-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Dharshan - Hilton Olympia,The hotel is very conveniently situated. The receptionists were extremely efficient with both check in and check out. The staff were extremely friendly and helpful. However the service in the bar area at lunchtime was extremely slow. Some patrons left before their food arrived. It took a long time for our order to be taken and for the food to be served. Other than that we have no complaints at all. We can highly recommend this hotel.,Date of stay: September 2018,4.0
398,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or395-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Good lacation, friendly and helpful staff","The hotel is of the older style so most rooms are of a good size and very comfortable, most have both bath tub and shower. the staff are very friendly and helpful without being intrusive. if you get upgraded the executive lounge is excellent. breackfast is really good. The hotel is well located and a 10 minute bus ride from all the main turist attractions and west end theatres. The shops in High St Kensington are a few minutes away. This hotel is a good base for a visit to London.",Date of stay: September 2018,5.0
399,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or395-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Noisy and Poor service,"Stayed here for a business trip last week during 100% Design.  Check in was friendly, swift and easy, however no guidance was provided on where the room was.  The room was very small, even though it was for one person and for the price paid could have gotten something much larger and more comfortable.  When I returned to the hotel after a much needed dinner due to a long day at the show I asked for water, as I noticed there wasn't any in the room when I checked in. I was rudely and abruptly told by the reception staff that there was some in the room, I explained that there wasn't, at which point I was handed 2 small bottles of water and told if I needed more I had to go buy from the bar. I have been to many budget hotels where water was provided and am shocked that this doesn’t…",Date of stay: September 2018,2.0
400,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or400-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Terrible,"Dirty, old, in need of a facelift urgently. This is the worst Hilton have ever stayed in.  The food is expensive and bad, night staff is untrained, noisy halls, didn’t even have an adapter for my American plug. The walls in my bathtub were full of spots. Thank good I only stayed one day",Date of stay: September 2018,2.0
401,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or400-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Well positioned for all travel around London,"A very large hotel.  The rooms are comfortable. We didn't have the breakfast.  the reception is very busy at all times so you can wait for quite a time to be served.  I suffer from a bad back and requested another quilt to put over my matress which was a bit hard for my back.  Reception promised this, howver it never arrived.  I cannot say I found the staff to be of huge help, maybe they need more in order to meet the demand",Date of stay: April 2018,4.0
402,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or400-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Never Again...,"Stayed here on a business trip and it spoilt any chance to relax..  The air con on the roof above me was faulty which sounded like a power consistent power drill boring into concrete all night.  I rang the reception a few times but they didn't answer..  When they did eventually answer, they knew there were problems and offered me ear plugs !!!!  I told them that it was now 5.30 in the morning and I have not had a minuted sleep and that I am back at the conference in 3 hours time but but again, rather than move me to another floor away from the roof, they offered me ear plugs...    Stayed on the top floor double executive room which had stains all over the carpets and a leaking / dripping toilet. Had to wait for around 20 minutes each morning for a breakfast table to become…",Date of stay: September 2018,1.0
403,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or400-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Tired and Tatty - Needs a Refurb,The staff at this hotel are absolutely fine and breakfast was OK but the bedrooms and public areas badly need updating.  The bedroom carpet was worn and grubby. Probably the worst Hilton we have stayed at simply this hotel needs money spending on it to bring it up to an acceptable standard. Avoid!,Date of stay: September 2018,2.0
404,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or400-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Pretty awful.,"Stayed here 4 night for work, unfortunately my experience wasn’t pleasant.  Rooms are old, not very clean, carpet and furniture are dusty.  We asked for two separate single beds, and we were given a double bed, not the best when you travel for work.  Wifi was good until the last day when it wouldn’t even connect.   The only positive things were breakfast, good choice and variety and the staff, they try to do what they can to help.  ",Date of stay: September 2018,1.0
405,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or405-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Should be renovated,There are something good in this hotel. The bar and breakfast are quite ok and service is friendly. It’s also good place to stay if you have seminar in Olympia expo center. But there are too many things which are not so good. The main problem is room. It’s still like it used to in 80’s. I guess that furnitures are from that time... They still have wall-to-wall carpet and after one night I felt like I have a flu... Maybe a shouldn’t say anything else! Look at that picture - it’s view from my room. That describes how I feel that hotel! ,Date of stay: September 2018,2.0
406,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or405-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Mixed review ,"I have stayed at this place many times and on the whole meet good friendly staff.   However, it is clear given the foot fall volume some parts are now r day for an upgrade before too much longer.   In comparison to many London hotels generally this hotel represents reasonable value in a high price market. ",Date of stay: September 2018,4.0
407,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or405-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Hilton London Olympia,Stayed for 9 days.  Very nice room (single).  Staff was Excellent.  Breakfast was fantastic.  Good location with access to bus servicce (2 min) and the Underground (15 min).    Really enjoyed the stay.  Plan on returning if and when I am abble to get back to London.,Date of stay: September 2018,5.0
408,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or405-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Perfect location for Olympia Exhibition Center ,"I would like to thank the staff at this Hotel who made our 9 night stay great. Firstly Craig McNair, and  Benjamin Douglas. Nothing was too much trouble for them, with excellent service. Also Samir and Ben who were so helpful, and gave such a great service at Breakfast. The breakfasts were fantastic.",Date of stay: August 2018,4.0
409,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or405-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,A Good Place to Stay,Good location for access to the bus and train. Great breakfast buffet. Nice clean rooms.  Friendly and helpful desk service.  I would definitely stay here again.  Lots of restaurants in the area to choose from. ,Date of stay: August 2018,4.0
410,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or410-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,20 GBP for breakfast,"In cities like Paris and London you have to expect to get less bang for your buck. This place was however still a bit dissapointing.  The good stuff:  1. Professional and accommodating staff 2. Ok location (far from my meeting venue but that was obviously my own fault) 3. Pretty good gym. Small but it did contain free weights, dumbells up to 20 kg, which you seldom see.  Unfortunately these advantages were balanced by the following:  1. Foul smell. Every day when the cleaners left the room they left the window open. It soon appeared that the reason was to air out the odour that probably came from the carpet. 2. No fridge. 3. Breakfast. Oh my, the breakfast... On the first morning I ventured to the restaurant to have my B&E. When leaving 12 minutes later (probably the average…",Date of stay: September 2018,2.0
411,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or410-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Communal areas promised so much more,"I guess in London you get what you pay for but this place is not cheap. The lobby and bar area are actually very good. Sharp, modern and impressive. But when you get out of the lift and go to the room it’s all a bit 70s depressing and run down. I think I even saw curry house flock wall paper. Staff were friendly and I guess it was clean but a bit over promise and under deliver. ",Date of stay: September 2018,3.0
412,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or410-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Not up to Hilton standard ! Left & stayed at Premier Inn - so much better !,Having stayed at this Hilton every year for past 15 years I know it well - I’m a Honors member and it’s perfectly handy for Olympia and exhibitions.  This occasion was a house of horrors - checked in online but still took over 20 minutes to check in & get room key! What’s the point of online?  4 times I had to have key card replaced. Trailing back from room to reception each time!  Room was not serviced .  TV had to be replaced as didn’t work Asked for another member of party to be on same floor and checked on the morning of her arrival that this was done - assured it was- but it wasn’t she was on completely different floor 7 floors apart! And guess what her room key didn’t work either!  On my departure the morning before the rest of the party I complained- offered a free drink…,Date of stay: September 2018,1.0
413,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or410-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Average experience considering big name,"Hilton Olympia has a great location, however the rooms are not having their Belle Époque, felt bit like moved back to 80’s internet connection require additional payment which seems a bit strange in XXI century, on a positive side - customer service on point, very professional, and always smiling staff, and Costa coffee attached to the hotel lobby, which is handy if you work in London, and can’t function without caffeine. ",Date of stay: August 2018,3.0
414,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or410-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Uncomfortable and tiny,"Great reception service  but the room  temp set was too hot. They must realise optimum temp  to sleep is 18.5C  according to research, but  room had temp of at least 22 C  which made it difficult to sleep .Also room was tiny,  and luggage could not fit in. Kettle was filthy  and rusty. Never again!!",Date of stay: August 2018,1.0
415,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or415-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Very good one night stay...,We’re in London to visit a friend who lives nearby. The location is very convenient and with some good restaurants nearby. There are public transportation within walking distance. The staff on the front desk was friendly and welcoming. The gentlemen managing the concierge were helpful and polite. Others were prompt in providing supplies/linens. The room was clean and big for three adults. It was very warm and welcoming with complimentary fruits/pastry/drinks waiting at the table. The breakfast at the Honors Lounge was excellent. It has coffee maker that gives different choices. They have hot and cold breakfast with lots of good and healthy choices. We’re glad to have stayed in this hotel.,Date of stay: September 2018,5.0
416,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or415-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Disfynctional hotel,"Hotel old, smelly, almost nothing works in this hotel, windows all broken making it very noisy, cold/warm, Rooms smell rotten and dirty. almost every thing broken in the room or not working. public areas cold and smelly. carpets are all old and looks dirty. The only positive things are the location and the very helpful and friendly staff. I don't recommend this hotel and I hope they will renovate it soon.",Date of stay: August 2018,1.0
417,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or415-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Renovation Needed,"This hotel was booked through Trafalgar as part of our 10 day tour from London to Rome. The hotel isn’t really walking distance to what I would consider the main attractions of London. However if you don’t mind taking the bus, you can get to where you need all within an 45 minutes.   Check in is scheduled for 3pm and we arrived at 6pm. Our room still wasn’t ready! The receptionist offered 2 free drink vouchers which could be used at the bar in the hotel. After getting our drinks (1 hour later) our room still wasn’t ready. I spoke to the receptionist manager and she felt terrible about not having a room, I asked to see if we could be accommodated to another room or to whatever is available. 4 hours after scheduled check in time is kind of ridiculous. Not sure why it took so long…",Date of stay: August 2018,2.0
418,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or415-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Staff went beyond!,"I stayed here for 1 night with my mother and the service was beyond perfect. My mother is a vegan and it was no trouble at all! Special thanks to Alex (F&B), Stefanie (F&B), Matteo (FO), Sebastian (DM) and the Italian Chef who made a three course for my mom completely vegan and off menu! All these staff members went beyond and above to make sure we would have a nice stay and they did! During breakfast nothing was difficult as well and we had a lovely talk with Mark! I love the team members over here and I lived in London for a year (and worked at Hilton as well), this was a lovely ending to my period in London! Thank you so much!!!",Date of stay: August 2018,5.0
419,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or415-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Friendly and extremely comfortable,I have been staying at this hotel since 1998 and will never stay anywhere else. Very clean affordable and amazing service. Breakfast is the best part of this stay linens are very soft and clean and location is extremely convenient,Date of stay: August 2018,5.0
420,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or420-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Look for alternatives,"I can only talk about my own experience, I certainly would not stay here again. Firstly we were given a room with no natural light, as the window opened up to an internal void, because of this the windows were frosted.  it was an internal room as they called it. Outside the window were air-conditioning units which went all night so consequently didn't sleep. The electrics blew twice, this was due to the iron in the room, the second iron did not heat up.  Once we were able to iron the ironing had a metal spike sticking up which ripped a shirt.  The keetle in the room would not boils unless you held the button down, which in turn burnt your hand. The staff experience was mediocre at best. They have offered to change rooms, so are waiting to see if this is an improvement.",Date of stay: August 2018,2.0
421,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or420-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Bad service,"Received overall very bad service and attitude, mostly from staff at check-in. Did not extend the benefits that relate to my (Diamond, top tier) status with Hilton Honors. Very surprising and frankly disappointing.",Date of stay: August 2018,1.0
422,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or420-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Location is the best thing about this hotel,"The location is great.  In the heart of ""things.""  Staff was okay; nothing more.  The elevators are small and there are stairs to climb in order to actually get to the rooms.  The attached coffee shop and restaurant leave a lot to be desired.  The bar was fun.  Rooms were clean but definitely aged.",Date of stay: May 2018,3.0
423,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or420-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Ok, just..","Age and wear is showing on this hotel. The Air in the room had kind of a mouldy smell and the air con couldn’t be switched off.Carpets in the room and in hallways was clearly worn  and interior, although clean and tidy, really wasn’t that inviting. But the staff was nice and very helpfull and breakfast was above average.  Location of the hotel is ok and  transportation is close. All in all acceptable.",Date of stay: August 2018,3.0
424,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or420-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Decent hotel,The hotel is nice and the staff were friendly and helpful. I was there with family and did notice some rooms are more modern than others as I had read in other reviews. Nice amenities with the bar/restaurant and gym. To location is located near a couple of tube stations and not too expensive to major attractions by cab or Uber.   I would definitely stay here again during my next trip to London.,Date of stay: August 2018,4.0
425,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or425-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Excellent hotel close to Hammersmith and Kensington,"I recently stayed at the Hilton London Olympia and thoroughly enjoyed the stay. I received a warm welcome at the reception and was allowed early check in, which was really appreciated after a long flight. Benjamin was really friendly and my room key stopped working a couple of times (I’ll have to remember not to keep it with my phone next time) but he was able to sort it out right away.   I also appreciated the upgrade to a deluxe room - it was spacious yet cozy and had everything I needed. I’m not tall so it wasn’t an issue for me but I thought that some may find the ceiling a bit low in the shower.   I loved the executive lounge. I enjoyed sitting by the window taking in the view outside. It was never too busy so I was able to work there with a coffee and a snack which was…",Date of stay: August 2018,5.0
426,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or425-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Rooms in need of a refurb,Easy to find from the over ground station. Old looking hotel but friendly staff. Upgraded to a deluxe room which was small and in need of a refurb. Small bathroom with low ceiling not ideal if your tall. Excellent executive lounge but on the small side. Plenty of food and drink on offer. Really good breakfast in the main restaurant.,Date of stay: March 2018,3.0
427,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or425-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Hotel is in need of Renovating, not up to the normal Hilton Standard","Stayed here for a birthday weekend, and I was quite disappointed. The hotel is dated, and in need of renovating, the carpets look old and worn out. I would not return here or recommend it to others if you are looking for a good place to stay.  It does not meet the standards you expect from Hilton Hotels.",Date of stay: December 2017,3.0
428,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or425-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Quite good ,This hotel is one of the older Hiltons and it could get a face lift but it was still superb. The price is more reasonable than the newer Hilton London Kensington. I loved the Costa coffee shop being attached to the hotel lobby on the ground floor. Get the breakfast package it’s really a super deal. The only issue was the hot room but I guess the extra hot weather and the high floor we were on made it a little issue. ,Date of stay: August 2018,4.0
429,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or425-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Ok but will not be returning,"Where do I start? The arrival order I pre ordered was non existent. Heavy winter quilts during the hottest day of the year, air con was not sufficient, room service told us 30mins but didn't receive food for 1.5hours and even then parts of the meal was missing. House keeping came into the room twice.. first time I had the privacy sign on the door yet they still entered, 2nd time they knocked and before I could get out of bed to answer the door she was in the room asking if they had cleaned already.. which they had. I think the lack of extras in the rooms knowing it was meant to be executive was dispointing. Simple things like a tissue box, hot chocolate on the tea tray.. biscuits? Would make people feel like they paid for executive rather than just a standard room.. which it…",Date of stay: July 2018,3.0
430,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or430-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,considerable need of renovation,"The room (627, biggest of the floor) was really ugly and dirty, the carpet old and so dirty thart we allways walk on it with shoes, we had a look at the servive portfolio map, this was so blotchy that it was disgusting...I have never seen such an unkempt hotelroom! The cleaning men and women didn`t do their work well, in our bathroom there was some shampoo on the tile which stays for three days...  We ordered three beds and an executive room but a breakfast was not included for the third person,.... and the mattres was as bad as a matress could be, the iron of the innerspring pressed in the back of my son, so that he wakes up every morning with pain...how old was these matress???? And the furniture and carpet of the room? An ",Date of stay: July 2018,1.0
431,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or430-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Old traditional Hilton but reasonable experience,"Stayed here for a business trip for 1 night, a very traditional Hilton this is with attended check-in. The hotel is quite dated, the room was disappointing - small (with a single bed!), old TV with poor signal, bathroom quite dated also. I didn't spend any time in the hotel bar on the evening but did enjoy breakfast, at which there was plenty of choice and the food was good. It's in a location which I guess is great for the Olympia exhibition centre but it was a bit of a pain to get to by public transport, bus connections are slower than Tube but my  tube journey involved changing and the Circle line is incredibly busy, plus a signalling problem on the day meant I was delayed by an hour. A good 20-30 mins walk from the tube is also necessary, which wasn't pleasant in the heat…",Date of stay: June 2018,3.0
432,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or430-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Convention weekend at faulty towers ,Two good things of Hotel were location to Olympia convention centre and air conditioning worked in the bedroom  Would not recommend unless your not fussed for an over priced place to sleep  On arrival we were allocated our room early at 1pm thought great opened room door and still occupied  Check in round 2 after apologies from staff was upgraded to supposedly an executive room (perhaps in the 70’s) room floor had dirt/dust bunnies. Musty smell as you walked in door to room but as we were at rear with such a great view we couldn’t open the window for the noise. Bedroom Was very narrow only 2 ft between bed and wall to get to desk/ mirror area and bathroom door didn’t close.  Pressure from shower was awful and on the Sunday House keeping didn’t bother to clean rooms until…,Date of stay: July 2018,1.0
433,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or430-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Good location but needs updating,"Just spent 3 days at the hotel with my son whilst attendi g an event at Olympia. Great location with good shopping and transportation nearby and only 5 mins walk to Olympia centre. Other pros were the friendly and attentive staff, a Costa in the lobby . Cons were that the rooms seemed dated, particularly the shower in the bathroom. Also,in this day and age, charging for wifi is outrageous - particularly at such a high rate. No mini bar in room and limited channels on the tv. Otherwise a comfortable stay, but not as good as it could be.",Date of stay: July 2018,3.0
434,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or430-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,SMOKING ROOMS still exist! ,Arrived to be told that our (booking.com room preference) request for a smoking room was available  We didn’t know that any hotel in the UK still had such a thing    Lovely reception staff when checking in and out and later collecting our car from garage   Breakfast was a bit haphazard with a toaster that refused to toast after bread going through 4times and then burnt it to a crisp on the 5th time!   Would stay again is only for the option for smoke without having to travel 8floors to street ,Date of stay: July 2018,5.0
435,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or435-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Very poor management,"The location was great, but the hotel is not up to Hilton standards and is run very poorly.  During the hottest weather in 40 years, our airconditioner didn't work.  Management wouldn't address the issue - only sending us a fan.  At 11 pm, unable to sleep, we demanded a manager come to the room.  After 3 seconds in our room, he finally apologized and moved us.  The overall attitude of simply not caring for customers was across the entire staff.  The concierge staff was unhelpful and seemed bothered by simple requests.",Date of stay: July 2018,1.0
436,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or435-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Another good stay,"First impressions to count and last...this was a flying trip and i still felt at home. Room was fabulous, excellent night sleep...great shower and a full breakfast. What more can you ask for? Staff are discreet which is important. Will come back again!",Date of stay: July 2018,4.0
437,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or435-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Fantastic,"Stayed for one night with friends and to be honest after reading reviews was apprehensive about staying.  Check in staff so friendly, room lovely, clean, in fact spotless and couldn’t fault in Amy way, after a long day walking around we went to the bar late evening and was met by several waiter who were all equally friendly, courteous and efficient.  Would I return, yes without a doubt . I have only scored 4 out of 5 As  didn’t have any food etc.",Date of stay: July 2018,4.0
438,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or435-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Nice location, good hotel","We stayed at the Hilton Olympia for 4 nights.  We had a suite with a separate living area.  The room was small for the price, and the decor was tired and in need of updating,  but we did not have any issues with cleanliness.  The staff were very nice and helpful.  Our flight arrived early in the morning, and I had made a request for an early check in.  Unfortunately, a room was unavailable at that time, but since we had executive access which came with our booking, we were directed to the executive lounge for breakfast.  That was certainly appreciated.  They held our bags and we went sightseeing, as tired as we were!  Breakfast was the same each day, but good.  There were scrambled eggs, pastries, cheeses, cereals, and of course coffees, teas and juices. As for the location of…",Date of stay: July 2018,4.0
439,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or435-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Worse hotel ever stayed in my life,"We have stayed 3 nights with two kids. For some reason we have cancelled our other  reservation and search for a close by hotel. So we checkin Hilton. We didn’t check anything as it is Hilton how can be that bad. When I open the room door OMG I couldn’t believe my eyes. Extremely old dirty nasty smelly and like a night mare. So small you even don’t leave your pet there to stay. It was a big shame for Hilton. You trust the brand and what you have faced is rubish. Only positive thing is front office shift leader Bruna Teixeria, I have explained every detailed and she upgraded us to suit room. Even that room was so messy and old. But she was so professional and know how to act. Thank you again. Other then that never ever spend your even 1 pound to that hotel. The pillow that they…",Date of stay: June 2018,1.0
440,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or440-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Good hotel with everything you need ,"I stayed here for business travel as it was close to work. Was pleasantly surprised about this hotel and what it offered. Stayed in a standard room of ample size, although the bathroom was a little snug. Room had all I needed including fridge and a comfy bed. It was clean. Hotel was dated in general but what you’d expect. Good gym with all you need. Excellent buffet breakfast. Only downside was fire alarm went off early morning. Not the best but the staff handled it well",Date of stay: July 2018,4.0
441,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or440-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,3 day visit in London,"We stayed here for 3 nights in July during their heat wave. The AC was not working as well, the rooms are outdated. Aside from that, the staff and front desk personal was amazing and they had good breakfast options. It is walking distance to the Kensington palace, various shops and underground station.",Date of stay: July 2018,4.0
442,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or440-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,What a dump,"Stayed here last week and for £149 had a stinking old room that when I turned the A/C on smelt even worse!  Tired bathroom, dirty carpet and the smell was of an old musty room that hasn’t been cleaned for 20 years.  I thought the Metropole had some bad rooms, but this is even worse.  Avoid at all costs.",Date of stay: July 2018,1.0
443,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or440-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Excellent in every way!,"We were with a tour group staying here the last few days in June and again mid July. Check-in easy, very helpful, nice and easy to u derstand. Conceigneir very helpful. Rooms clean, good working order, great beds and pillows highly recommend. Great location to tube, buses",Date of stay: July 2018,5.0
444,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or440-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,hotel was booked  just for a day room,"Booked this hotel just for a day room 9-6 , due to a very late fight this  really did confuse the receptionist  ,they finally found us a room after realising what a day room meant . Its quite old and a bit tired  in the bedrooms ,but they are kept clean ,bathrooms seem to have been updated",Date of stay: July 2018,3.0
445,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or445-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Expected Better,"Before I start it’s worth saying that I’m the kind of person who is just as happy camping in the desert as much as I am in a 5* hotel - I’m not the fussy type!  I stayed at the Hilton Olympia for one night and paid £199 - a reasonable, mid-range price for a London hotel. The staff were pleasant and the breakfast had a good selection however the reason why I cannot rate this review any higher is due to the state of my room.  Whatever the price I pay for a hotel room, be it £29 or £500, I expect it to be reasonably clean and tidy; my room was not.  To start with, the should-be-welcoming external corridors of the hotel were scuffed, dirty and the carpets, stained; not a wonderful first impression. In addition my room had mould around the sink, hairballs under the bed and the carpet…",Date of stay: July 2018,3.0
446,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or445-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Very Poor for a Hilton,"4 Rooms was booked at this hotel for a trade show that we attended at the Olympia, all rooms very poor and below standard one of our party had to be moved rooms due to the state of the first room that he had been given, my room upon arrival had large clumps of dust all over furniture, 2nd day carpet was soaked as air con had leaked, engineering arrived to ""repair the problem"", 3rd day carpet soaked through air con leaked again, was told engineering would sort out whilst i was out at dinner, came back late on still leaking and carpet soaked, reported this nothing was done, 4th morning (as i was checking out) air con still leaking and soaked carpet had now become a small puddle. Breakfast very poor and bland considering a £15.00 (£18.95 if you do not book) 4 single rooms all…",Date of stay: July 2018,1.0
447,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or445-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Decent food, good staff but busy hotel","Located in great place, nice food, staff are friendliest...however being in busy place, the hotel is busy in reception and select areas like lounge, etc.   Nice longue, very busy and no space, very limited food...",Date of stay: June 2018,4.0
448,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or445-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Unpleasant,This hotel was extremely overpriced for the standards received. The rooms were small once our luggage was in we had no room to walk on the floor. There was leftover what seemed to be flakes of a crossaint or some pastry on this lounge which was very unpleasant. Very unimpressed with what we received and disappointed that we wasted so much money.,Date of stay: July 2018,1.0
449,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or445-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,A budget friendly stay,"We enjoyed our stay here. It was clean and the staff was always very helpful. Keep in mind, it is quite a few blocks from the nearest tube station, but there is a bus stop right at the corner. The rooms are a bit small, but nothing worse than other European hotel rooms. Overall, if you're looking for a nice hotel without the typical London price tag, this is a great option :)",Date of stay: September 2017,4.0
450,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or450-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Not what i expected from Hilton,"Check in - paid cash for total room charges upon check in. Took front office staff 3 times to count the cash and get the amount right. was told my change would only be returned to me upon check out and i was not given any receipt nor invoice to sign as proof that i had already paid my room charges. i work in a hotel, have stayed in many on business travel and i have never come across this. key card encoder was not working when we checked in,which is fine as these things do happen, however front desk staff showing surly faces because they had to bring us to our rooms each time to open the door was NOT FINE with me! Room - had to change room as the aircon was not working. called down to front desk to complain and was told that someone from engineering would come shortly to check…",Date of stay: June 2018,2.0
451,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or450-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Another perfect stay,"I really shouldn’t post this. I know I should keep it to myself. But this has to be one of the best value for money hotels in London. Last week I paid £180 for a basic chain somewhere near Islington. The Hilton, Olympia was on Friday night £140 for an executive king room with executive lounge access.., free food and wine!!!!  This was a work overnight stay and although this hotel is perfectly placed for my 6 minute walk to the office, it’s not necessarily the first choice for the tourist. But it is only six minutes walk from a tube station and next to the overground for Olympia.  The hotel needs an update, there is no doubt about that. But the rooms are immaculately clean with everything you need, the staff are excellent and the king size bed is huge. Please ignore all this and…",Date of stay: June 2018,5.0
452,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or450-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,2 Night Stay while Exhibiting @ London Olympia ,"Booked due to its convienance from the London Olympia Exhibition Centre where we were exhibiting.  Checkin was swift & the staff very welcoming with free fruit at the desk.  Room was on the first floor offered and had opaque windows due to the non-existenent view. Furniture was a little dated and the bathroom was cramped with limited shower pressure.  Breakfast was OK, although there was a large queue to be seated and I thought the staff could be more welcoming.",Date of stay: June 2018,3.0
453,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or450-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Very Good,Good hotel excellent service from the staff. Breakfast staff extremely good. Quality of breakfast has improved as has the way it is cooked. Not so much out at a time and not bacon looking white and greasy and stuck together as times before. Scrambled egg could look  less like dried egg powder sometimes. But overall better breakfast than average group hotel. Rooms good size and clean.Would improve with better bar prices. OK if you stay one night but when you are there for 10 days is expensive.,Date of stay: June 2018,4.0
454,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or450-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Meh,"Location was good around 15 mins walk to the nearest station (one closer but had a limited service). Service from staff was great but the room was very dated. We got free breakfast for the two days as we booked through booking.com, breakfast was okay but only went one of the days. Overall it did the job but would probably stay somewhere different next time as we have stayed in better hotels for cheaper.",Date of stay: June 2018,3.0
455,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or455-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,This needs to be completely renovated,"My esteemed readers  Imagine, you are booking a Hilton, what is the first intension, will be a good hotel, but, as always, we will teach you a better one.  I would not even put my dog in there, it is loud (in the beginning I thought it would be the air conditioning, but far from it) and the room had a window which was not open and had frosted glass, the TV did not really work and had permanent disruption so that a follow the football World Cup was not possible.  It is an absolute impudence to ask for 250 pounds.  I can advise against any intelligent person and participate in this game of rip-off just because it is 5 minutes away from the fair. NEVER AGAIN",Date of stay: June 2018,1.0
456,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or455-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Decent,"I checked into the hotel 2 nights ago for a duration of 4 nights. Heres my feedback so far  The reception is warm and welcoming The location was great for me as its next to my business meetings - also sainsbury tesco are 5 mins walking distance. If you venture down 20 mins on foot you can also hit some stores like HnM, primark , new look etc. Theres a great line of food joints aswell.  The breakfast is a decent layout.  However here is my problem. The cleaning of the rooms isnt that great. There is some trash on the carpet i noticed when i moved in , its there till now. Small hairs here and there i the washroom ( no they rnt mine )  I would like to come back to stay here only for the location",Date of stay: June 2018,3.0
457,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or455-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Not your typical Hilton,"Hotel is showing its age but the staff was amazing, and the breakfast was the best we had in Europe. The location is great with easy access to Kensington and the many Museums. It was the first stop on our Trafalgar/Costsaver tour. ",Date of stay: May 2018,3.0
458,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or455-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Very comfortable hotel,Stayed here for one night last week and was very pleased with the hotel. Comfortable and clean room - good temperature. Good bathroom. Ate in the restaurant and thoroughly enjoyed my meal. Visited th bar later in the evening - good atmosphere. Convenient location especially for the district line which is 10 mins away.  I stupidly left my shaver in the bahroom and waiting to see if the hotel kept it.,Date of stay: June 2018,4.0
459,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or455-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,DISHONEST MANAGEMENT,BAD MANAGEMENT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! The hotel did not notify that the air conditioning was not working in the hotel when we were checking in! We only found out about the AC situation after checking in! This hotel is out to cheat its customers! BAD EXPERIENCE!!,Date of stay: June 2018,1.0
460,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or460-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Good Location & Great Service,"I stayed at Hilton London Olympia on a business visit as it is very close to my client office. I was upgraded to a suite, very decent room compared to other hotel rooms. Very clean & a lot of sunshine (lucky to have a great weather during my stay).   I also had a complimentary access to the executive lounge. Excellent service, especially by one of their delightful employee Victoria Angeles. Her attention to detail, great communication skills, and ready smile made the experience even better.",Date of stay: June 2018,5.0
461,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or460-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Not too great,We did a Trafalgar tour and was obliged to stay here.  I will not recommend it as one gets better value and better location elsewhere.  The accommodation was a bit of an insult as it was tacky and neglected.,Date of stay: June 2018,3.0
462,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or460-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Dated rooms,"The hotel conveniently situated. The service and food in the society restaurant was very good. Hotel was showing the World Cup and there was a great atmosphere. Only real downside are the rooms, they a small as expected in a central London hotel but they are very dated and in need of refurbishment.",Date of stay: June 2018,3.0
463,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or460-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Great hotel,"Excelent location, near shopping center and High Street Kensigton. Good transport option by train or bus to almost everyplace in and around London. Nice pubs nearby. Very good breakfast, english and continental. Very warm staff members.",Date of stay: December 2017,5.0
464,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or460-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Lacking in service/ tired rooms,"Stayed 2 nights last week for business. From outset hotel very busy, staff not forthcoming with immediate assistance or greeting. Bar staff rather moody and not very engaging or eager to assist. Rooms tired, outdated, basic, no good ventilation or sound proofing. Very dismal looking room/ space. When I had an issue with a missing credit card whilst there, staff were unhelpful not willing to assist and wanted to put the new room cards in their sleeves rather than assist with my missing credit card issue. Wouldn't recommend staying if you want service or a nice room environment",Date of stay: June 2018,3.0
465,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or465-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Excellent location! ,"Me and my boyfriend stayed here for a night for the Ed Sheeran concert. The hotel is in a great location for central London, 2 tube stations close by. About a 40 minute walk from Harrods and 30 minutes to Hyde park and the national history museum. We arrived at the hotel at 12pm on a Saturday, check-in was 2-3pm, we expected Just to drop our suitcases off but the room was ready for us then which was great. Only reason I gave 4 instead of 5 is because I thought the rooms were quite small for a Hilton. Breakfast was great. We left our cases all day at the hotel the following day which was helpful for our late coach home. Would definitely return!",Date of stay: June 2018,4.0
466,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or465-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Refurb long overdue,"I stayed here for 2 nights whilst at a trade event at Olympia. This is a cash cow hotel. Always full due to close proximity to Olympia but when were the bedrooms last overhauled?  They are shocking., especially the bathrooms. The hotel is very battered and bruised so don’t expect the normal Hilton quality here. Very disappointing. And shockingly expensive for such old decor. ",Date of stay: June 2018,1.0
467,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or465-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Never expect to be that worst for Hilton,"After 13 hours of flight, all I wanted is to have a shower n good sleep but I was extremely disappointed with what I see... Uneven mattress. Look overused. Chairs are dirty, old, soiled. I didn’t expect Hilton hotel to be at such conditions. Yucks. ",Date of stay: June 2018,1.0
468,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or465-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Feeling Exceeded,"From very beginning the Stefania from Front of House was sooo polite friendly and understanding to me. I asked her about early check in because I flew from Glasgow ,immediately she start to search for a  room and I got one. I was so relief... during search she asked how is my day and I told her thats Im having an Assessment day  for a Supervisor, which was very stressful. She said you will be fantastic... Good Luck.. Literally generous warming person... After this all stress I arrived at the Hotel and was soo nice suprised about this small gestures- Wine .& Chocolate with lovely message from Stefania. God bless her...😁😁😁. Never seen such a good example of Exceed as yesterday. Today morning the person who catched my eye is  Samir  he is such a positive smiling person... Samir…",Date of stay: June 2018,5.0
469,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or465-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Not what you'd expect from a Hilton,"I picked this holtel based on location and for Hilton points. I will book elsewhere for my next trip.  Rooms on the street side are like sleeping on the sidewalk. There is no soundproofing in any of the windows and on the 5th floor I could clearly hear conversations taking place on the street. Traffic sounded like it was in the room with me. Interior rooms are quieter, but the hotel is badly in need of refurbishment.  The carpets should have been replaced 10 years ago.. Water pressure was marginal and a hot shower was impossible, the best I got was warm in the early afternoon when apparently no one else was showering. Plus, if you're over 6 foot tall you can't stand upright in any of the showers. It's almost a mile walk to the nearest tube station, but it's close to Kensington…",Date of stay: May 2018,3.0
470,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or470-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Time for a facelift,Hotel is very central but in bad need of renovation as rooms look old and bathrooms very basic. Internet connection is good breakfast buffet has a lot of variety. Time for a facelift as the hotel is looking tattered ,Date of stay: June 2018,3.0
471,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or470-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Not bad, but not good","I stayed at the hotel for one night. Accommodation was good, but the restaurant / bar service was very slow. There were a decent number of staff, however only a small number took orders or brought drinks. Though the quality was good. Just the service was very slow.  Room service again was OK, ordered toast and cereal for breakfast. Instead of jam the tray had ketchup, mustard and mayonaae, and I had to call room service to have them bring some butter.  As in he title, it was not bad, but not good...",Date of stay: June 2018,3.0
472,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or470-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Luxury prices for very basic room,"Stayed here earlier this month because it was close to where we needed to be.  We had a junior suite.  The decor is straight out of the 1970s.  Not retro chic, but actually 1970s drab.  It was grubby.  There was a blob of toothpaste on the floor in the shower room from the previous occupants.  The room was noisy - as the double glazing was not adequate, but the road noise was nothing to the noise that the bed made whenever one of us moved a muscle!  The ancient bed frame creaked loudly.",Date of stay: May 2018,1.0
473,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or470-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Night and day experience,"We stayed here last year and for the most part had a very poor experience, this year we stayed for one night just because it was close the Olympia and this time we can not rate the experience which the staff gave us. On arrivial we went to the desk to check our case in before heading to an event and then asked to wait a few minutes in the lounge. After 5-10 minutes waiting in the comfertable lounge we were greated to the news that based on our experience last year they wanted to make it one better and upgaded our room. We were not expecting this and it was a wonderful gesture from the hotel staff who went on to make this stay one to remember.  We are coming back next year based on this wonderful experince & hope we can get the same room.",Date of stay: May 2018,5.0
474,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or470-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Difficult to score...,"As a senior member of the Hilton Honors programme I have learned what to should expect from a Hilton accommodation. Which is what made this stay so hard to score.  Firstly, the positives, outside of the luxurious Hilton brands such as Conrad, Curio and Waldorf etc. I have never experienced such incredibly good food, both the vegetable platter and wood pigeon were exquisite. I really felt like I was receiving Michelin star food. Also the reception lounge and dining areas were really well decorated and furnished. Moreover, the executive lounge was a stunning and intimate room. Certainly one of the nicest I've been in. One final positive is the wonderful Kensington location, with great access to practically everything.  However, onto the negatives. Firstly the breakfast service was…",Date of stay: May 2018,3.0
475,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or475-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Brilliant hotel ,Check in this hotel for our anniversary and a event at the Olympia and up on arrival the reception team said I noticed you had problems on your last stay. So we waited few minutes only to be told we’re upgrading you with lounge access which we wasn’t expecting but was really appreciated from us both. Went out that event to a event and up on arrival to our room the staff had left us little something for anniversary and small bottle of red to share . And lovely hand written card from the staff Would Highly recommend this hotel especially if your attending the Olympia as it’s only few minutes walk and we will be returning back next year .,Date of stay: May 2018,5.0
476,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or475-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Enjoyable and comfortable stay with wheelchair accessibility,"The friendly staff made the stay with a wheelchair user easy and were happy to help make room at tables in the dining table without any fuss.    Whilst the lifts are fairly small, there is room for a wheelchair and ",Date of stay: May 2018,5.0
477,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or475-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Great location for Olympia - tired hotel,"I stayed at this Hilton as I was attending an event at Olympia, so for the location it gets 10/10.  I am not a fast walker so don't believe when I am told somewhere is 5 minutes away, well it is.  I checked on digitally so just needed to collect my key card from the concierge - I am not sure if this would have been quicker than checking in the conventional way.  I am an Honours member (Hilton's loyalty scheme) which meant I should have had free WI-FI.  I needed to ask for this information. ROOM I was in room 545 which faced out on to a busy road, even being 5 floors up there was still some road noise but that is to be expected for such a centrally located hotel in London.  The room was a reasonable size but as with all of the hotel (Lobby excluded) the hotel is very tired and in…",Date of stay: May 2018,3.0
478,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or475-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Excellent Choice,"Once a year I attend an event at London Olympia Exhibition Centre for a couple of days with my wife and always stay locally. In the past we have overnighted in one of the medium priced hotels close by, however this time we decided to pay a little extra and try the Hilton hotel.   It is within close walking distance of both Olympia and the train and tube station, it was an excellent choice. The extra cost was well worth it.   The Hilton hotel is well decorated and the rooms well proportioned and equipped. The staff were delightful and made our stay so enjoyable.   If you can afford a little extra, this is the place to stay near Olympia, rather than a second rate hotel nearby.",Date of stay: May 2018,5.0
479,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or475-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Theatre stay,"Conveniently before you hit the congestion charge and with an underground car park . Staff are very friendly. Rooms are quite large and adequately furnished. The only issue was the creaky bed , it made a noise every time you moved but at least I slept . For the price , you can’t fault the hotel . Would definitely stay again as not too expensive and makes a theatre break not to out of reach .",Date of stay: May 2018,4.0
480,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or480-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Old world decor but great staff and excellent breakfast,"I usually stay at the Hilton Kensington (at Shepherds Bush) or the Hilton Metropole at Edgware Road and whilst both are undoubtedly good hotels I’ve decided the Olympia is my favourite.   The staff are super friendly and helpful, the bar and restaurant really nicely done with excellent service and the best English breakfast bar none. The exec lounge is small and beautifully done.   Yes the decor in the rooms is a little drab but there is more space than either of the other two Hiltons above plus the air conditioning is super cold and very very quiet if you like to leave it on at night. You can get the best sleep here with no noise at all.   I used to think it was a pain to get to but there are loads of buses along from Kensington High Street so it’s about the same into town as…",Date of stay: May 2018,5.0
481,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or480-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Noise No sleep Dirty corrodes Old peeling wall paper ,Pure noise Hell.  Aircon that turned on and off a very 90 seconds all night. Could not turn it off. Dirty Corridors. Too hot one night and freezing the next.   WHEN WILL GENERAL MANAGERS SLEEP IN THIER OWN HOTEL ROOMS AND REALISE JUST HOW BAD THEY ARE. I had to function without sleep for 2 days.  The 4 star is a total lie. They get 4 stars because they have al alarm clock and a 24 hour room service and a Restaurant. This pays now attention to the fact that we go to hotels to SLEEP.!  Not to eat. I want to eat in Restaurants and SLEEP in HOTELS.  Never ever ever stay here !,Date of stay: May 2018,1.0
482,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or480-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,VERY BAD BEDS!! ,"We understand it is very hard to replace your own bed. When you travel you try and find somewhere that will look after one of your most precious needs.... sleep!!! The Hilton Hotel Olympia does not provide this!!! What it does... is provide you with aches and pains in places you didn’t know you had!  When you need sleep to recover and repair, and also to prepare you for the day ahead. Please please please take this review seriously... THE BEDS ARE ATROCIOUS!!! Steer clear!! After all why do you book a hotel room, apart from a bed and a shower... it is hardly for the tea and biscuits is it!?!?! ",Date of stay: May 2018,2.0
483,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or480-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Awful,"The rooms and surrounding areas are drastically run down. They look like they’re from the 1970’s. My room smelled really odd, like it had been smoked in mixed with damp. Not good. Bar staff were good but the male receptionist was rude.   Really dated and poor hotel. Completely opposite of what you expect from a Hilton brand.   Will not return. ",Date of stay: May 2018,1.0
484,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or480-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Useless internet conection,"Worn down hotel, in desperate need of a total renovation. Water flow in the bathroom... Well.. It takes hours to take a shower.  Wireless Internet connection are so bad that it are useless.  I will not recommend to stay at this hotel. ",Date of stay: May 2018,1.0
485,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or485-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,My overall impression (Room & Bar),"During my brief one week stay at this hotel, I generally found the rooms to be of a high standard and clean.  However, by far, the most rememberable part of my stay was the staff which worked at the bar (where I spent most evenings). One member of staff which particularly stood out was a gentleman by the name of Remus, who was not only always extremely polite and friendly, but also extremely professional and went out of his way on two occasions to rectify a mistake that the chef had made with my food. All in all, it was an enjoyable stay. The only downside was the gym.",Date of stay: May 2018,5.0
486,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or485-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Too noisy for this supposed hotel category,"Hilton hotels usually represent a certain quality level -  unfortunately this hotel didn’t meet expectations. The rooms very fairly large but very noisy, especially street noise was very audible after 5:30am.  Otherwise internet was reasonably fast, breakfast had a good selection, bar closes at midnight (a bit early). Location is good for visit in Western London.",Date of stay: May 2018,2.0
487,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or485-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Good hotel ,"The rooms are nice, comfortable beds and big bright bathrooms. Quick check up! Nice atmosphere. Very good location and good service. The price is also good for the standards. Highly recommended to all",Date of stay: May 2018,4.0
488,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or485-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,This hotel is in need of an update ,This hotel is run down compared to the other Hilton’s I have stayed in. The rooms are small and smell like smoking rooms. It is very noisy as well.  It has a great location in Hammersmith but that is about all it has going for it. ,Date of stay: May 2018,1.0
489,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or485-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,The hotel is scruffy and overpriced,I booked an executive room. I could not stand up in the shower. I’m 6’2. The iron in my room had stuff melted on it that ruined my shirt. House keeping constantly pestered me to get into the roo in the morning. ,Date of stay: May 2018,1.0
490,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or490-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Very Dated, noisy and Smelly Hotel.","What a shame. Not what you would expect from a Hilton.  Very dated rooms.  Ours smelt of fish.  Bathroom floor was filthy, all sorts of noises from the room during the night, air con, fridge  etc.  Then you have the outside traffic noise and club music until the early hours.  Very disappointed in you Hilton Olympia.",Date of stay: May 2018,1.0
491,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or490-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,short stay at the olympia london,highly recommend this hotel to anyone doing a tour or stay in london.  staff very helpful  and pleasant and after the duty manager found out about my birthday he sent a bottle of prosecco and nibbles free of charge to the room   very much appreciated,Date of stay: May 2018,5.0
492,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or490-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Overnight stop,"Good location, clean and staff very polite and courteous. Good standard of room with nice compact bathroom. Great quiet sleep and has bar and restaurant goid choice and comfortable. Staff easy going and helpful. I would stay again. Added bonus of an adjoining Costa on one side of the hotel.",Date of stay: May 2018,4.0
493,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or490-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Favorite stay in London.,"We always  choose this hotel when visiting in London. We are welcomed as treasured guests. It’s the people at this hotel that make Iit so special. A superior experience Some of the hallways need to be spruced up, but they don’t really make a difference to me. ",Date of stay: April 2018,5.0
494,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or490-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Bad,"Dated hotel. not reflecting the brand at all. Not clean and hair in the floor, inconvenient bed and bad smill in the room. There were nuts under the  bed, i think from the previous guest. The AC was horrible and so hot...",Date of stay: May 2018,1.0
495,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or495-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Two night visit to London,Chose the hotel due to attractive price.  Our floor had not been refurbished- it reminded me more of a Best Western than a Hilton.  Room was large with very American amenities.  The breakfast was great.  We had trouble with transportation.  The hotel is not close to the tourist areas we wanted to see and not close to a metro.  We spent around a $100 a day in taxi fees.  We did not find nice places to eat close by either- it was mainly Middle Eastern or Pizza that is too spicy for us.  Hotel is clean and priced fairly but I should have paid more and stayed closer to the tourist spots.,Date of stay: April 2018,3.0
496,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or495-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Good for conference at Olympia,"Had a show at Olympia. This is the nearest hotel, just across a small street .. you can wheelie bag anything over in 3 mins. Refurbished rooms, corridor a little aging. Staff service is fine. Gym is small but workable with adequate free weights. There is a Costa coffee accessible from inside the hotel lobby. Underground e.g. Earls Court or West Kensington is quite a walk but there is an above ground train service which I have yet to figure out when it actually operates. ",Date of stay: April 2018,4.0
497,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or495-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,A Great Value,"By far the best feature of this location is the friendly and attentive staff who go out of their way to make guests feel welcome.  The rooms are simple, clean and well maintained and represent what I feel is a real value for London.  Although a 15 minute walk to any Underground station, the area is well served by busses to get you wherever you need to go.",Date of stay: April 2018,5.0
498,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or495-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Our favorite,"It is the fifth time we stay at the Hilton Olympia. We book overscutive rooms with the possibility of good internet and lounge. Buses go right outside that take you to the subway or into the city. even bus to Hammersmith and then the underground to Heathrow works excellent. Good breakfast. However, Hilton Olympia feels drawn on some things to save money but we think we live well enough",Date of stay: April 2018,5.0
499,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or495-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Poor Check-In / Poor Room / Poor Customer Service / Poor Value For Money,"Room was not available at 3PM guaranteed check-in time. Agreed compensation for the delayed check-in was not applied at check-out. Attempt to follow-up with customer service ignored. The room itself was tired and had no exterior view. Whilst the hotel is well placed for Olympia, I would say overall it represents poor value for money.",Date of stay: April 2018,2.0
500,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or500-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Excellent attentive staff,"Stayed here for one night in 22nd Aptil. The smoker in me opted for a smoking room which on reflection I should not have opted for. I believe the hotel rooms have on the whole undergone refurbishment, yet the smoking rooms would appear to be holding off until a total ban on smoking becomes the norm.  Whilst the room was as expected to be smelly, the bed was very comfortable.  I am sure that this room along with its partners on the smoking floor would be much nicer with a ban on smoking and a touch of freshness and 21st century flair added.  I have to say the staff were particularly welcoming, especially those at breakfast who made me feel very welcome and looked after.  The room price was very reasonable (I booked approx 2 hours before checking in) and I thought it very good…",Date of stay: April 2018,4.0
501,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or500-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Poor for a Hilton,"Nice location, nice reception area, good service. But the room was disappointing, rather small and tired. I’ve stayed in a few Hiltons and the standard is usually better. Twin bedded room and the tv was offset, so not easily visible from either.",Date of stay: April 2018,3.0
502,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or500-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Great staff. ,"We stayed here 2 nights after our Transatlantic cruise was over. At first sight I have not seen a Hilton in this condition. Our room on the Executive floor really is in need of a refurb as the rest of the hotel is. Location is good, many stores and restaurants are within a stone throw away. Reason why I gave this a 4 star is because they staff. Front desk staff Patricia was wonderful as was Mattao. You could tell they both have pride in there jobs. We did the rest of the staff in the lounge and housekeeping and other areas. Breakfast was nice. ",Date of stay: April 2018,4.0
503,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or500-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Noise annoys!,As a mid-range hotel this hotel has just one problem. The facilities and staff are all absolutely fine. However the hotel is located in a traffic busy part of the city and it has no double glazed windows. You do hear everything going on outside; it is very intrusive. If you are a light - or even normal - sleeper you will have a problem with this. If the wind blows the windows also rattle! I got very little sleep!,Date of stay: April 2018,3.0
504,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or500-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Recent Stay at a Good Hotel,"Comfortable stay at a comfortable price. Our room offered a fine stay. Not dark. Not narrow. The AC turns on and off as long as you actually push the buttons to shut off the AC and turn the heat on. Reasonable room service. They offered a deal for my husband and me to eat breakfast with our room's rate. Tasty. As a business hotel, my husband required the brief walk to the Olympia down the street. Should he return to the center, we'd have no issue staying here again.",Date of stay: April 2018,4.0
505,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or505-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Staying for the London marathon,"Our eldest son running the marathon for the first time. Two double rooms with breakfast. Great food and service, particularly at breakfast nothing too much trouble. The gentleman waiter on for breakfast the morning of the 22 April was an absolute pleasure.  Would definitely recommend this hotel for a London break.",Date of stay: April 2018,5.0
506,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or505-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Hotel needs refurbishing.,"This hotel needs a major refurbishment.   Rooms need to be renovated,  they are very dark.   Rooms are small and some rooms face interior shafts.  Hallways are very narrow.  Breakfast was good but pricey.  Location is good but front street is very busy.",Date of stay: April 2018,3.0
507,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or505-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,**Beware absolutely Terrible Hotel**,"Very dated, room was freezing and smelly. Constant fan on, Tv kept going off and lamp not working.   Now the bad bits... Room backed directly onto a service lift, every 5 mins through the night and day we had to deal with what sounded like a train rattling through the room as doors opened and closed. This was directly behind the bed and actually vibrated throught the room. Worse sleep we have ever had in a hotel.   Called for room 24hr service to be greeted with ""Yeah"" and sighing when asking for room service and then get told no food except pizza or curry???? Asked for Carbonara to be asked ""Is that a drink"" and then just put phone down.   We asked for a better room but fully booked but was sent up a Birthday treat of Prosecco and some sweet treats with a card from the staff.…",Date of stay: March 2018,1.0
508,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or505-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Olympia,"When visiting London and having meetings or business within this area of London, a good location to stay. The hotel is  within walking distance from tube station and bus.. Min 30 min to central London. ",Date of stay: April 2018,4.0
509,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or505-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Poor service by hilton standard,"1. Window broken , noise from outside really disturbing, scisssor ate the only one at hotel so must return in 10 minutes all the way from 7th floor in the middle of the night, first day forget to bring umbrella need to borrow one so we can go to shop for an umbrella and the hotel dont even have umbrella... its so not Hilton at all...very dissapointed",Date of stay: April 2018,1.0
510,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or510-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Tired rooms,"Small, tired rooms.  Great staff.  Good business venue (meet my rooms), and breakfast.  Not coming back.  Three things  1. Tired rooms Infrastructure run down.  The entry, bar and dining area have been upgraded.  So have the bathroom but still walking the corridor, and entering my room I felt dreariness.  The shower is so small I had to hunch or sit down to shower.  I picked hunch.  And no. I am not over 2 meters.  2. Good staff Professional, friendly staff.  Feels like they doing the best they can with the infrastructure they have been given.  3.  Business venue and breakfast are good.  Would consider it for a business meeting if I was  not staying in a room.",Date of stay: April 2018,2.0
511,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or510-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Rundown but clean and great service,"Business trip.  Not that interesting location. Hotel is run down although certain areas renovated including foyer and meeting area. They are nice. Rooms small.  But linen and bathroom good. Shower small, had t bend over to shower.  Wouldn’t pick this hotel again. But very good staff  ",Date of stay: April 2018,2.0
512,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or510-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Fairly good hotel, and reasonably priced for London","Friend booked us this on a special rate - Building doesn't look the best on approach. Room was fine– although the Hilton name suggests a premium offering, and yet this felt like any other budget hotel. I've certainly stayed in better Hiltons in the past. Breakfast however was fantastic. A superb selection on offer. Fairly convenient for getting around London with the train station 5 mins away (only open at weekends) and a bus stop directly opposite entrance. Can't argue with what we paid however!",Date of stay: January 2018,3.0
513,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or510-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Noisy ,Surprisingly loud street noise (2nd floor). Other colleagues complained about this too and were reassigned to other rooms.  Slow and/or understaffed front desk Toilet could not flush but was fixed same day Maze-like building architecture - takes a little effort to find your way. Rather smalll rooms (but possibly normal here in London). Conference room did not have daylight.  I did not try any facilities and did not eat in the restaurant. ,Date of stay: April 2018,2.0
514,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or510-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Tired,"Booked in for the weekend. The room is fine, clean and spacious but the hotel seems tired, not the standard that you would expect for the Hilton. A terrible noise when we flush the toilet, sounds like a jet taking off, enough to wake the person in the adjoining room, there seems no way of stopping it either. The extractor fan isn't working in the bathroom and there's no window, without going into detail, not very pleasant again not the standard that realistically one expects.. We are back staying here beginning of May, we always stay in Hilton hotels when we're in London but I'm sorry to say this one has been a disappointment, this is our first time here.  What I will say though is that the staff are very efficient and friendly and that carries a lot of weight..",Date of stay: April 2018,4.0
515,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or515-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Like coming home,"This was my second time staying here and it was even better than the first. I asked for the same room as last time and i got it. Staff were excellent. Business lounge was first class with a great range of food and drinks. This trip....the concierge staff excelled themselves, listening to what i needed and when things went wrong...they dealt with the problem quicker than the speed of light. Yes the hotel was super busy due to London Bookfair....but the staff were smiling from dawn to dusk. Well done Hilton Olympia!!",Date of stay: April 2018,5.0
516,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or515-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Friendly Staff, Good Location","The Olympia was near Olympia Station which was less than 100m to several busses, including busses to Tube Stations.  Near Olympia Station, but Tube only runs on week-ends.  Rooms are small but comfortable.",Date of stay: March 2018,4.0
517,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or515-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Great Staff, excellent location terrible rooms","To be very honest the moment I arrived for this hotel, I was ready to leave. Our room was so old and in such a bad state... my bathroom seemed like it wasn’t cleaned well either which really did it for me. Also every time we left the room and came back the key card wouldn’t work... However after complaining about my room, I was given a much nicer room and was in better condition than the first one.  But here’s the thing! When I visit London I will definitely stay at this hotel again. Why? Because the staff was absolutely amazing, extremely friendly, helpful and super with my 4 year old son! The hotel is attached to a Costa Coffee, and the bus is 20 steps away from the hotel while the train station is a 10-15 min walk away. The location is pretty excellent!  So yes the hotel…",Date of stay: April 2018,3.0
518,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or515-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Business Trip to London,"Very good location. Kind staff. The rooms are styled in darker colours, personally I do not like that. The rooms should be refurbished. Food was good. Parking was only for small cars, eventually for SUVs.",Date of stay: March 2018,4.0
519,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or515-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Business trip & a special thank you to Outi Vuori,"I stayed at Hilton London Olympia during a work trip a few months back.  The hotel has very conveniently located next to the conference center and a handful of local pubs.  The rooms served their purpose, and the staff was very friendly.   Upon returning home I realized I left some of my best clothing in the closet.  I contacted Outi Vuori, and he was quick to help track down my missing clothing and ship it internationally for me at an extremely reasonable rate.  Thank you Outi!  You and your colleagues went out out of your way to help me, and I appreciate it!",Date of stay: February 2018,5.0
520,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or520-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Terrible ,"Hotel was so old & shabby looking, stained carpets throughout & rooms all four of ours of our rooms smelled of smoke & was dirty. Bed was uncomfortable & bathroom was so basic out shower head fell off while my boyfriend was in the shower, not value for money !!! £200 per double room per night is horrendous for this hotel ",Date of stay: April 2018,2.0
521,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or520-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Jude and Jim,We have been here for 18 days and the staff have been amazing. Samir at breakfast has been so attentive ensuring that we have everything that we could possibly want. The Chef's couldn't be more accommodating always going the extra mile with a smile. Staying in a hotel for work for long periods can be monotonous but the welcoming nature of the staff makes it much more pleasant. The executive lounge is a great idea. An area to chill at the end of he working day. The ladies work very hard to make sure the Buffett is full and the drink is plentiful. Anna and Victoria work so hard. Thank you to you all and see you soon. ,Date of stay: March 2018,5.0
522,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or520-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Please blow this place up and start all over ,"I’m always hoping over the course of time that this place will improve. Every visit and it seems to go further down hill. Either the Hilton family has lowered their standards or gotten greedy... or both!  First of all, the ONLY redeeming quality is the front desk staff.  They are always professional and kind and the only reason this place even gets a star. Even with that, I question if they have ever really entered a room.   This place is so outdated. The beds are so tired and plain. It looks more like a college dorm than an upscale hotel. The rooms are a different with no consistency.   Hilton decided to go cheap and take away the shortbread cookies from the coffee tray. The cleaning staff are probably some of the most in professional I have witness. Nobody can communicate. And…",Date of stay: March 2018,1.0
523,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or520-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Basic disappointing ,Very disappointing for a Hilton not what I would expect. Carpets need renewing rooms could do with a total refurb glad it was only 1 night  But on a good note location is good there’s A costas in the lobby so ok Reception staff really pleasant ,Date of stay: March 2018,2.0
524,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or520-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,They need an upgrade,"Located very comfortably next to the Olympia, this hotel needs to stop piggy-backing on its location and has to own up to its brand. It's not Hilton. The reception is like a train station. The room is old. Breakfast was not bad at all but the rest should be given more thought and care.",Date of stay: February 2018,3.0
525,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or525-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Mixed Bag,"In a nutshell I would describe this hotel as a rather mixed bag of good and not-so-good features, some parts are certainly worthy of 4 stars while others fall into 2 star category. Review based on a one night stay in February (background of spending 80+ nights per year in different hotels around the globe).   Location: Location is in quite nice Kensington area with a plenty of shops, restaurants, pubs etc in Kensington High Street nearby. The big Olympia exhibition center is next door, others sights nearby include at least the Design Museum.    Bus stop almost at the door of the hotel with plenty of busses, the Kensington (Olympia) Overgroud station for local trains is just a few hundreds meters away. Distance to the nearest Tube station (West Kensington) maybe 1 km.     Room: I…",Date of stay: February 2018,3.0
526,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or525-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Not quite up to my expectations,"The good stuff: It's perfectly placed if you're attending a show at the Olympia. Nice reception area. Friendly and very professional staff. Bathroom looks new-furbished and clean. The not so good stuff: The hotel feels old. The carpets in the oh-so-long dark corridors were worn down. For the price I was paying, I would expect better. And it's a stretch to walk from nearest tube. I didn't have time to check out the gym, which might have raised my rating.  I've been to the Olympia a dozen times the last years. Usually I find a hotel near Earl's Court Station. I think I will do that the next time I am in the area, too.",Date of stay: March 2018,3.0
527,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or525-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Excellent stay,"I can’t comment on other people’s experiences but our stay was fabulous. On arrival there was a technical glitch and staff could not check me in. I was directed to the bar where I was offered a drink. The staff was apologetic but these things happen and they dealt with the situation in a very professional way. Anna in the bar came to see if she could help. I had checked in online so had a room number and she got access for me(but still no key). Unfortunately I booked a twin and this was a double . Anna told me to use the room to rest and it would sorted. Later it was, we had a twin room on the 8th. Yes the decor is a bit “brown” but the room was spotless, so was the bathroom with nice toiletries. There was tea/coffee facilities and bottled water. Good night sleep but you must…",Date of stay: March 2018,5.0
528,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or525-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Good Service,"The hotel is centrally located with parking available.  The hotel was convenient for both business and pleasure. Situated approximately a 15-minute walk from Kensington High St. Underground station. There are several buses, such as 9,10,27 &28, which you can board outside the station, which stop opposite the hotel. To get back to Kensington High Street Underground station from the hotel, once you step out of the hotel with your back to the hotel walk left to the first bus stop. It should be stand L but if they are still working on the road you may need to walk up a little further.   The hotel could do with a bit of a refurbishment but thankfully I didn't have any major issues during my stay. The service was very good from the majority of staff I had dealings with. Most were…",Date of stay: March 2018,4.0
529,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or525-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Nice Hotel, Great Staff","Great value for money.... great staff.  Due for a remodel, but good property.  Breakfast has good selection on the Buffett.  Bar is lively in the early evening.  Dinner food is good.  Overall good property, well located next to Olympia station",Date of stay: March 2018,4.0
530,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or530-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,The worst Hilton in the group by far,State of hotel poor at nest If there was a zero rating I wood give it Rooms inhabitable Filthy dirty Rust on bathroom sink and bath Watermarks and stains on ceiling room 714 executive upgrade for diamond member It it wasn’t funny it would be laughable  Smelt bad Noise of traffic and tubes constant Corridor looked like someone had attacked it with an axe Staff on arrival were shouting at each other Breakfast was a fast with food that was average Again not the case for normal Hilton’s where breakfast is good All In all this hotel should never be a Hilton and it certainly takes down its name in being so This is nothing that the manager does not know Look at the excuses offered on previous reviews  As a diamond member I won’t set foot in the door again As a Hilton member please do…,Date of stay: March 2018,1.0
531,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or530-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Perfect for Olympia but poor hotel,Me and my daughter stayed here for a weekend as we were at The Olympia. It’s a perfect location as 2 minutes walk with a car park underneath. We book a twin via Hilton Honours which allowed check-in via the app and could choose our room. Done and dusted or do I thought. Arrived to be told we are in a double with a roller bed request and couldn’t change room as fully booked. I had to show manager my original booking and then I was given a twin (different to my online allocation). I’ve heard lots of others complain about the same scenario that weekend too. Would choose to stay there again.,Date of stay: March 2018,2.0
532,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or530-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Hilton brand stops at the lobby.,"I was really worried about staying here after reading all the reviews,but it was ok.  I will say the lobby,breakfast area and friendly staff are the only things representative of the Hilton branch.  My husband is a diamond member so we had a nice executive suite and our teens had a larger executive room.  The rooms are clean, but in desperate need of a complete makeover! The carpet and furniture is well past it’s use by date.  I think if the updates are made this would be an outstanding property with close proximity to the tube and buses. ",Date of stay: March 2018,3.0
533,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or530-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Oh come on Hilton,Stayed for one night (thank goodness).  I am a diamond Hilton member and have stayed in many many locations throughout London and overseas. This has to be one of the worst.    Room looked like it had not been changed since the 1980s. Tatty old  furniture and the bed was hard and uncomfortable. Bathroom was horrible.  Carpet old. Overall a very sad excuse of a room and this was an executive room!!  Heaven knows what a normal one would have been like.   This hotel needs a total revamp. Not at all what you expect from a Hilton. Breakfast was ok but not quite the full selection usually offered but was fine.   Would not recommend to anyone and would not return. ,Date of stay: March 2018,1.0
534,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or530-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,THE Hilton?,"Certainly not a hotel I would associate with the name Hilton, the best part about this stay was the location, next to Olympia, parking facilities and the breakfast. Wifi was non existent, shower room was a disgrace and the camp bed for a middle aged lady was a joke.",Date of stay: March 2018,3.0
535,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or535-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Paying for the Hilton name and convenience of the Olympia...,"I decided to book this Hotel last minute as it was only a 5 minute walk from the Olympia where I was attending an event. Disappointingly though, the price had dropped by £50 just a week after I'd booked my non-refundable room!   We were given a room on the 3rd floor with a view of the main road outside the front of the Hotel. Straight away, I knew noise was going to be an issue. The window did not seal so it sounded as though it had been left wide open. Not great at night with heavy London traffic.  The main room itself was clean and spacious with a decent sized Wardrobe, TV, dressing area and full length mirror. The bed and pillows were also satisfactory. The bathroom, however, was a different story! The toilet flush was so incredibly noisy you could not hear a conversation or…",Date of stay: March 2018,3.0
536,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or535-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Never again,"This will be my first ever bad review as you'll see from all my others i'm a very positive person but I also have to be honest. I feel completely ripped off by this hotel. I actually switched to this hotel from another as it was offering a good deal and was close to the convention centre. I was charged online the full payment straight away which I was fine with. Upon check in the receptionist was very nice, she confirmed the room was booked and paid for in full so nothing needed. Got my keys and all good.   I only have a few minor gripes about the room. Our twin room consisted of two single beds pushed together for some reason. The tv was across the room facing the wall so we had to turn it if we wanted to watch it. Moths kept coming in from somewhere. The room was very hot even…",Date of stay: March 2018,1.0
537,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or535-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Don’t bother...,"The only positive things I can say about this hotel are that the location is ideal if you are attending an event at the Olympia Exhibition Centre and that the breakfast is delicious with a large range of items to choose from.   However, upon check in the member of staff insisted that breakfast was not included in the room rate even though our confirmation email clearly stated that it was. It took some convincing until he honoured this.   The room was an Easy Access room, which had a shower facility that was level with the rest of the room. The result was a completely flooded bathroom and we had to use every towel to dry the floor to prevent us slipping when we used the toilet during the night. I recognise the need for level flooring but some kind of separation between the shower…",Date of stay: March 2018,2.0
538,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or535-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Not a 4 star hotel or service.,"This was our 2nd time here. We had a pretty  bad experience the first time but as it was the preferred hotel of the event we were attending and so close to the venue  we gave it a 2nd chance. Never again.   Last time we stayed the bed was terrible.  Very hard and uncomfortable.. if either of us turned around in bed it felt like the whole room was shaking, as a result neither of us had a great sleep which is the only thing we were after.  Fast forward to Friday night we explain this to the lady at reception and she goes awat to make sure we are given  a very comfortable room. She also said if we had any concerns we could call housekeeping to request a bed topper.   Off we go... to our surprise we are given the exact same room as last time. But thought perhaps it was a new bed.…",Date of stay: March 2018,1.0
539,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or535-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Good location, but other issues of concern","I stayed for three nights at the Hilton London Olympia, which has a good location and close to restaurants and shopping.   I had issues with the bathroom, as it leaked water. Also there was an issue with check in (had to change keys for the last night, though I booked and paid the three nights in advance).  The hotel is also pricy for what it offers.",Date of stay: March 2018,2.0
540,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or540-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Lower your expectations,"Advice: if you choose this hotel, make sure in advance that the room has working heat, Wi-Fi and a shower where it’s not necessary to be less than 5 feet 8 inches tall, and even at 5’8” you have to work at it.  If you cannot severely lower your expectations of a Hilton, please seek other accommodations.  Most of the staff is really good, thus two stars versus one. But, they are limited in fixing things since the property is so out dated. In two, five night trips, I have had seven different rooms due to severe inadequacies.  They have had management changes, along with new owners, I have been told. The new team is trying to address the many issues here. I have had staff tell me that they have issues with customers in all of the rooms.   Most of my travel is with a group for…",Date of stay: March 2018,2.0
541,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or540-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Convenient for olympia,The only good thing about this hotel is it’s nearness to Olympia. I stayed in a single room (cupboard) which smelt of damp and was like a time warp from the 70’s. I know a premium is paid for London hotels but you do expect a certain standard!,Date of stay: March 2018,2.0
542,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or540-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel with great staff,"Stayed in a single room for two nights and had a really pleasant time. Ths hotel staff was incredibly kind and polite and the breakfast options were great. Also nice to have a bath as well as a shower. Room was very clean too. Bit far away from the tube station, but the (night!)bus stops right in front of the hotel.  ",Date of stay: March 2018,5.0
543,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or540-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,What a drag!!!,Not sure if I got the right one but I am on about the Hilton right opposite the Olympia Kensington Bus stop.  I had a fair at The Olympia London Conference Center which is about 4 doors down on the street so it was logical to stay there but it was the worst.   So location is great and I guess that’s what’s really got them going as it’s right opposite the bus stop and the underground is a few minutes walk or just a couple of stops down the street but that’s it!  London was very cold when I was there and the heating was just terrible!!! I called down a couple of times to maybe turn up heating and the front desk assured me someone would come but no one showed up.   Housekeeping would take out tea spoons from the room and not put them back till you call in.  The front desk/hotel…,Date of stay: February 2018,2.0
544,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or540-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Average hotel,"This is an average hotel, with mediocre service, old furniture and not too knowledgeable concierges. Breakfast is fine. Don't expect anything extra, such as slippers, bathrobe, etc, in the room. Unless you are attending an event at the nearby Olympia, I can't think of a reason why select this hotel. Hilton name does not mean anything anymore.",Date of stay: February 2018,3.0
545,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or545-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Great hotel - fab staff,"Great hotel, stayed there last night.  Room in front of the building was a little noisy (traffic noise) but that can't be helped.  Have to say a big thank you to Samir who served us at breakfast, nothing is too much trouble for this friendly, helpful person - he should be rewarded for his customer service!  Its not a one-off either as he looked after us just the same at our visit last year.  Reception staff are friendly too.",Date of stay: February 2018,4.0
546,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or545-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,great value,"my only caution about this place would be that the bed was not very comfortable and there is only about 66"" from the floor of the tub to the ceiling above - not a problem for short people, but showering if you are tall is not fun!  Several buses stop out front and take you right to Kensington High Street or Notting Hill Gate Tube Stations, if you don't feel like walking (12-18 min)",Date of stay: February 2018,4.0
547,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or545-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,average at best,This hotel was average at best especially for a named hotel such as the Hilton.  I came to stay here for a trip of a lifetime I always thought and imagined that the Hilton was a brand you can trust..... but I was wrong  Check in was fast staff were friendly it seemed nice on arrival at first we were put in one room with one bed instead of a room with two the first room just looked so out of date run down. we were then changed to a second room two beds but we were told housekeeping would come and separate the beds as they were together ( they never did) this room on arrival was bigger than the first but so out of date tired and lacking what such a brand as the Hilton you wouldn't expect. the carpet was badly stained the toilet light over the loo wasn't working the door had nasty…,Date of stay: February 2018,3.0
548,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or545-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Pleasant Stay,"I stayed here with a friend for one night at the beginning of February, the 2 ladies on the reception were really polite and friendly. Rooms aren’t the most modern but was clean. As another traveller mentioned, tube access is limited to Olympia Station so we caught an Uber for £5 from another close by as we had cases.",Date of stay: February 2018,4.0
549,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or545-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,So much wrong ,"Unfortunately my colleague and I spent three nights at this hotel while exhibiting at the National wedding show. On arrival it ticked all the boxes . Check in was friendly although a little long , but the guy was so helpful we didn’t mind . The reception and bar areas were smart and modern and the hotel was a few minutes from Olympia. However once you get out of the lifts you see the first glimpse of  what is to come . A tired old hotel needing some serious investment and updating . Room 743 was down a side corridor and was well below what these days is expected as a standard hotel room .It was small , tired , noisy and missing the basics . The kettle didn’t work , the hospitality tray was never complete and the toiletries not replaced or random . The room was too hot despite…",Date of stay: February 2018,1.0
550,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or550-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Welcoming and attentive ,"We stayed here 11 nights,  all the staff we had contact with were excellent.  Our room was clean and large. Good sized bathroom and always cleaned,  with toiletries left each day. We got a great deal, with breakfast included each day, breakfast staff Wonderful. The bus #9, #10 , only 2 minutes walk away.  The tube would be 15 minutes walk away. Yes, the WiFi on our room was not the best,but not a deal breaker.  It's not the most atmospheric hotel, but , it ticks all the boxes for a London based trip. ",Date of stay: February 2018,4.0
551,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or550-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Mediocre at best,"Clean but dated rooms. Bed is hard as a rock. Wifi is terrible, dropping signal frequently making working from one's room impossible. Tube access is misleading due to limited Kensington Olympia service. Terrible hotel to represent the Hilton name brand. ",Date of stay: February 2018,3.0
552,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or550-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Reasonable but..,"The place where this hotel is located is good but the hotel itself is noisy because of trains and cars passing by. Even the room I stayed had a problem on water pressure at toilet :(  If you have a business at Olympia, this hotel might be the best choice.  ",Date of stay: February 2018,2.0
553,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or550-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,21st birthday trip,"Stayed here for my 21st birthday and wow what a hotel!  I have read many reviews on here about bad service and dated appearance but I completely disagree. The staff were exceptional, the breakfast was delicious and the rooms are extremely clean. It is in a great location, although we were mainly interested in visiting Leicester Square and the Tower of London so had to catch 2 trains from here but not a problem! On the first night a bottle of prosecco and chocolate cake had arrived (all complimentary) with a certificate to say Happy birthday to me from all the staff which was a lovely touch! The breakfast staff are amazing, constantly offering you various drinks and the buffet was fantastic.  Overall an excellent stay and would definitely return.  Thank you for making my birthday…",Date of stay: February 2018,5.0
554,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or550-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Good location for Olympia,"Stayed here to attend an event at the Olympia-excellent location for this,just a couple of  minutes walk away.Room was spacious,comfortable and clean,temperature was perfect and the housekeeping staff were lovely.. Only (minor) downsides were the check-in,where the lady on the desk tried to claim we'd only paid for one night instead of 3 despite me showing her my booking confirmation (if i was going to pay nearly £400 for ONE night i'd expect to be carried to my room in a solid gold sedan chair,to be fair..) and the check-out,where another lady tried to charge us for taking items from the room's mini-bar,which we hadn't touched (there's a tesco down the road,i'm not about to spend a week's wages on a can of coke from a mini bar..) but hey,we're only human and we all have our off…",Date of stay: November 2017,4.0
555,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or555-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Great location for Olympia and Westfield Shopping Centre,"Many reviews complain about the non Hilton standard of the hotel, however the price reflects this. Our room on 8th floor was generally quiet apart from the noisy guests who seemed oblivious to their loud voices and that it was almost midnight when they stampeded past our room. This is obviously not the fault of the hotel. The room itself was a little dated and our floor lamp a tad wobbly, the bath could do with being replaced as although serviceable and plenty of hot water, the enamel had been touched up with paint which my son found abravisive when sat on. For the most, the room was clean and the bed was comfortable. Heating worked well and had to be turned down (we visited Feb 2018). Communal hallways were in need of redecorating but the main lobby and restaurant wasn’t bad.…",Date of stay: February 2018,4.0
556,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or555-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Outdated, noisy ac unit but very convenient for Olympia","This hotel is walking distance from Olympia so excellent if you are attending something there.  The check in was very quick and easy. My room was spacious but the air conditioning unit was right outside my window so I rang up to move and they happily let me do this. Concierge was up to give me the new key and to help me with my baggage.   My new room which was on the third floor, was of the same size but could still hear the rumbling of the air conditioning unit outside despite being told this would be one of the quietest rooms. It was a continuous background noise. I couldn’t be bothered to move again.  I got back to the room at 1.45pm and my room hadn’t been made up. Someone did come round to do it about 2.15pm but this wasn’t a convenient time for me.   The bed and actual…",Date of stay: February 2018,3.0
557,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or555-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Excuses Excuses. ,"So stayed here for 1 night and what a night. At first things looked quite good,nice looking hotel and reception and booking in fine. Found our room on the second floor. First impressions ok. Thought it was a bit cold so turned the air con on. Also so much wind coming from the windows. A quick change and down to the restaurant for our dinner.1 hour later ask the waitress where are meal is. She tells us they had trouble with the printer to the kitchen,So no orders going through. Funny how other people were getting theirs. 1/2 an our later the food arrives . Well presented but COLD. To tired and hungry to complain so ate it. Told the staff but no apologies. Left and back to the room. Absolutely freezing inside and no heat whatsoever. Contacted the reception and she said she will…",Date of stay: February 2018,2.0
558,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or555-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Improved,"If i can get a good rate i use this hotel because of its location to olympia so this time i noticed some good improvements .reception area had been smartened up as was the bar scene.my room was a present surprise with a large single bed and plenty of room ,unusual for a single in london .staff all helpfull a new there jobs .did not take breakfast as was silly money but all in all very good",Date of stay: February 2018,4.0
559,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or555-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Old hotel,"I believe the majority of the reviews make it clear to see that many of us are surprised to call the hotel an Hilton  Two of us arrived at around 11pm, there were two people in the reception and we still waited for at least 10-15min to check in. Not only they didn't have any sense of urgency but also they don't support their own new app.  It is a dated hotel, my room was small and stuffy, nothing like the picture you see when you book the room.  The water pressure in the shower wasn't great at all  Breakfast was OK, good selection to my taste  It's also a bit far from the city  It was the best I could do with last minute business booking - next time I'll book well in advance.",Date of stay: February 2018,3.0
560,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or560-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Hilton ?,"I booked this hotel because the deal that I got was very good. I was expecting more considering it is a Hilton hotel. The reception area is very nice, and when you see it you’d expect the rooms/corridors to be at the same level. The hotel is showing signs of wear and tear. The carpets in the rooms/corridors seem dated. The layout of my room was a bit strange as the floor space is reasonable but due to the rectangular shape doesn’t leave much access at the end of the bed. House keeping are hesitant in helping, but I suppose what do you expect when your in London.",Date of stay: February 2018,3.0
561,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or560-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Utter disappointment,"I guess it’s my fault for not having done some research on the hotel before booking, but I had  assumed that the brand Hilton would be a guarantee. Having stayed at numerous Hilton’s around the world, this choice is an absolute disaster. It’s more like staying at a budget outdated Holiday Inn. The executive rooms are very badly furnished with 70s looking furniture, old upholstery and carpets with faded colour. USB chargers have yet to be discovered here. The staff appears friendly, and at least there’s a window... In urgent need of renovation.  ",Date of stay: February 2018,1.0
562,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or560-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Dated,"Entered reception looked very nice, staff friendly and helpful, got out of lift and what a difference, corridor and room  very dated however room was clean and bed comfortable. Ordered breakfast to my room, and even though breakfast was included tray service was £11 this was not clear when ordering",Date of stay: February 2018,3.0
563,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or560-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Shabby,Rooms are shabby and old. Interiour as weil. No water preasure at all times. I would  not  book it again. Breakfast staff is friendly and helpful and intent. As a business traveller I missed a shoehorn and found iron and ironing board instead... ,Date of stay: February 2018,2.0
564,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or560-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Solo business travel - it's ok ,"Good stay, great staff, nice location. Handy for the Central Line, only four bus stops away. Was warmly welcomed by Victoria at reception, thank you. My 8th floor room was small though, but served its purpose for an overnight stay. I don't like shower curtains so was disappointed to see one in my bath/shower. Would've preferred a cubicle but this looks like an older hotel so it's still to catch up. Really nice bar, and again friendly bar staff. Breakfast was great, plenty choice, hot and cold, tea coffee and juice with plenty of refills. I'm staying again next month, looking forward to it.",Date of stay: February 2018,4.0
565,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or565-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Needs a renovation,"Stepping out of the elevator on your floor, the feeling is right from the 80`s. It is as nothing as changed since then, no refurbishment, no change of carpets, no updating. It is similar inside the room; the window did not close properly, letting in both noice and cold winds. On the positive side, there was plenty of friendly staff at the breakfast, giving excellent service, and staff at the front desk also contributed to a positive feeling. The location is not ideal from my point of view, being between different tube stations, but there are several bus routes outside the hotel.Still, there is plenty of choice of hotels in London where you do not have to take a bus to get to the tube station. No much around the hotel either.",Date of stay: February 2018,2.0
566,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or565-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Great location.,"There are thousands of hotels in London, they range in price from £40 a night to thousands. We pick them for various reasons. This was a bed for two nights whilst at an expo at Olympia. Comfy bed, great breakfast and a good bar. But, the staff were excellent, and for a business trip that's a massive bonus.  If I were looking for a romantic weekend away I wouldn't pick this place, but if I did, then complained, then I would be an idiot. It's horses for courses. Do your research, and if you're away for business you would do a lot worse than this place.  Thanks to Adem and his team, you are doing a great job.",Date of stay: January 2018,5.0
567,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or565-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Awful place.,"Awful hotel. The bedding irritated my face all night and I was left with bites and itching. Therefore I slept badly.  I complained to the receptionist in the morning, but he wasn't interested at all. Avoid this place.  Not a good advert for the Hilton brand.",Date of stay: February 2018,2.0
568,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or565-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Horrible hotel,"I typically only stay in Hilton Hotels due to the quality - unfortunately this hotel was extreamly sub par. The room was smelly and dirty, and half of the staff did not seem to care whatsoever. I have to say that a few members of the staff were kind and attentive, the breakfast was very good and had good service - but those were the only positive things about the hotel. ",Date of stay: January 2018,1.0
569,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or565-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,3 night January stay,The hotel looks lovely when you enter the lobby but my room was shabby and in desperate need of a good cleaning.  The safe and the fridge were not working but they were repaired promptly once reported.  The layout of the rooms on each floor is quite odd.  At checkin I should have been informed that once on my floor I had to go down steps to access my room.  A little difficult with two pieces of luggage!   There are two reasons I am giving the hotel 4 stars.  The first is the breakfast which was exceptional with many choices and the second is Fran who was one of the concierges.  Fran went above and beyond throughout my stay and was always professional and polite.  He is truly an asset to the hotel.,Date of stay: January 2018,4.0
570,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or570-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Don’t ever stay here if you have a choice,This hotel is in desperate need of an update. Rooms are shabby and uncomfortable. My shelves were dusty and the toilet wouldn’t flush properly. I had to sleep on pillows because the mattress was so thin and hard. I could feel the springs! Couldn’t open the bathroom door and wardrobe at the same time. The door to the room didn’t close properly and would rattle ever time someone walked by. The only good thing about this place was the breakfast. ,Date of stay: January 2018,1.0
571,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or570-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,great location for Olympia,"great location for Olympia and train station, hotel in need of refurbishment as it's looking tired in places, staff very efficient and friendly and value for money including a delicious breakfast was excellent",Date of stay: January 2018,3.0
572,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or570-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,DISABLED GUEST HUMILIATED - MORE WORRYING STAFF HAD NO KNOWLEDGE OF FIRE PROCEDURES,"I booked a member of my staff many months ago at the Hilton (directly) so that she could be near to Olympia where she was working and it would be an ""easy"" commute.  I specifically called the hotel to ensure that everything would run smoothly as she is wheelchair bound and I did not want any hiccups during her stay.  The room itself was adequate, although a flappy shower curtain was a bit of a worry with the wheelchair as it could have got caught.  It didn't matter within one day, it had fallen off the ceiling as it wasn't held on properly.   After a long day working we thought it best to eat at the hotel with the team as it would be easier.   To access the dining area and bar there is only 1 lift with wheelchair access.  Despite someone querying the lift function, (we were…",Date of stay: February 2018,1.0
573,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or570-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Truly shocking and all fur coat and no knickers,"I'm attending the Destination & Travel show at Olympia and chose this hotel because it's literally 100 yards from the venue. The entrance is lovely, modern and gives the impression that you're staying in one of London's better hotels.  Checked in late evening and the Front Office staff was loaded with trainees who didn't have a clue. I was told that because I had increased my stay from one night to two, I had to check out in the morning and check back in to a different room!!!  The room is small, dark and looks like it needs a damn good clean. There are no lights, expect lamps and the window is frosted because the view is of a brick wall. The mattress on the bed has seen better days and is one of the most uncomfortable I've ever had the misfortune to sleep on. The bathroom was…",Date of stay: February 2018,2.0
574,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or570-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Dated, Awful Bar Staff, Overpriced","Title says it all really but I stayed here for the annual learning technologies event which I have been attending for years but normally stay at the Novotel further down the road.  Thought I would try the Hilton for its better location and I wish I hadn’t, the rooms are very dated, windows are very thin, the prices were insane for what you got, £250 per night for a standard room while Novotel was much cheaper (and nicer)   Upon arrival there was no shower curtain, toilet roll still in the toilet bowl, paper on the floor in the room and bathroom, a clearly dropped down the loo toilet roll dried out and put on the holder to use.....but worst of all was the bar, only one member of staff on the bar on both nights serving all the drinks for table orders and waiting customers at the…",Date of stay: February 2018,2.0
575,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or575-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Well Located Premium Hotel,This hotel really lives up to your expectations of the chain. Well located for Kensington Olympia and central London. A clean comfortable and spacious room. Attentive and competent staff and a first rate breakfast.,Date of stay: January 2018,5.0
576,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or575-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Good Hotel, nice location close to the amenities","Nice hotel, good clean room, friendly staff, however they can improve room television, lights in room some of them were not working when i checked in however they were quick to respond and fixed that so nice service, good breakfast choice, about 10mins from high street kensington tube station which is good but if you are looking for hotel next to the tube station this is not but on the weekends the kensington olympia station is open which is useful, quiet location which is good as well,",Date of stay: January 2018,3.0
577,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or575-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Amazingly great service!,"Such a great hotel, location so close to restaurants and sites that on a beautiful day it would be a great relaxing walk. I walked from Queensway, through the park and on to the hotel. Felt so good to enjoy London this way.",Date of stay: January 2018,5.0
578,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or575-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Great Experience!,We had a great experience at the hotel. The staffs was wonderful especially Matteo who provides us some extra ͏͏information what to do and where to go in London. Only issue we have is that our toilet took forever to fill when you flushed. So we can hear the water running for about 10mins after each flushed.,Date of stay: January 2018,5.0
579,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or575-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,My experice at Hilton London Olympia,The rooms were extremely cold  Dirty cutlery at the breakfast buffet  Do not know how to deal with large nunber of guests  Missing indications for few displayed food at the buffet  Squeaky beds  Smelly rooms and towles,Date of stay: January 2018,2.0
580,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or580-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Bar service worst experienced,Stayed at the hotel as convenient for Olympia. The bar at any time of day is the slowest I have ever experienced for drinks or food. They normally have one member of staff behind the bar to serve all the drinks orders collected by their waiters. Find another place for a drink!!!!!!!,Date of stay: January 2018,3.0
581,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or580-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Dishonest pricing,"I take offence to deceitful Pricing practises and thievery. The room service Menu said £12 for My pizza. No little or large Print on the menu warning me of extra charge. However when the food arrived (I repeat it was room service) there was a £5 fee for ""Tray"" charge. This represents over 40% added to the bill.   When I questioned reception I got a shrug and a ""nothing I can do"" retort. I can live with that - I can't live with deceit and outright thievery. Shame on you Hilton Olympia.  ",Date of stay: January 2018,1.0
582,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or580-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Very tired ... ,"This Hilton property needs some TLC ... and much more!   The rooms and bathrooms are tired, the corridors depressing and the color schemes and furniture seem to be straight from the 60ies (I had a ‘back to the future’ feeling).   However, the beds are comfortable, the location OK and, above all, the staff is very friendly!  All-in-all: not what you would expect from a Hilton-property but ... the prices are reasonable for London standards!",Date of stay: January 2018,3.0
583,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or580-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,There are better Hilton hotels in London,"Stayed here for 2 nights for a work trip, and I must say I was quite disappointed. I had stayed in the Hilton London Kensington the month before and there was a gulf of a difference. The Olympia is tired and dated, severely needing an update as well as a good clean. Additionally, the walls are paper thin meaning I heard the TV of the room next to me until well after midnight on the first night, and then screaming children next door on the second. In terms of location, it’s quite a walk to public transport options, particularly compared to the Kensington Hilton, and the breakfast was also better at the latter. I know where I’ll be staying next time. ",Date of stay: January 2018,2.0
584,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or580-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,London trip,"Arrived early from the US in the am and was greeted by friendly staff member by the name of Mary. Although check in was much later she managed to find a room that was available ,was glad because we managed to get a little and got some sightseeing latter in the day.",Date of stay: January 2018,5.0
585,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or585-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Location is king but the hotel bedrooms are tired around the edges,"A very good hotel at a reasonable price f you want to explore the Kensington area but don't expect  We've stayed at this hotel a couple of times before and whilst there was been investment in the public areas such as the reception, lounge and restaurant there has been no investment at all to the rooms which are tired and tatty at the edges and look like they are from the 1970's.  Biggest postiive: Location Biggest negative: Noise from outside air-conditioning units and pigeons from poor windows.",Date of stay: January 2018,3.0
586,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or585-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Experience OK but it's not a palace,"Service and cleanliness were very good. But the room seem a little bit old for a price that is still expensive.  The water took 15 minutes to be hot with pressure that was not fantastic (8th floor - perhaps chose a lower floor).  The location is convenient if you need to go to the Olympia convention center. Otherwise, the closest subway station is 10~15 minutes away.",Date of stay: January 2018,3.0
587,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or585-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Handy to everything,"A nice if older hotel.  But it’s the staff who make this place nothing is to much trouble. From the check in team, to the restaurant staff, concierge, anyone we came into contact with was pleasant. Very handy to restaurants outside, a Tesco, train into London. ",Date of stay: January 2018,4.0
588,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or585-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Very Pleasant,"Upgraded to an Executive Room due to my Hilton Honors status. Room was very pleasant, Executive Lounge was cosy, excellent breakfast. Convenient to public transport. Staff were courteous and friendly.",Date of stay: November 2017,4.0
589,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or585-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Out with the old, in with the New.","We chose to stay here during a weekend break to welcome in 2018. We were met by very helpful staff and a warm welcome. The room was clean and spacious with a view over the Olympia stadium. Breakfast consisted of a vast range of products to suit all diets and taste buds with a self service style arrangement. Some items were cooked to order if you wanted something to your own taste (omelettes, poached eggs etc). The assistant manager and waitress francesca were very helpful and worth a mention but to be fair, they all were. ",Date of stay: December 2017,5.0
590,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or590-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Easy to get to this property," Easy to get to this property. Transportation is at your doorstep. Also, you walk to the shops and restaurants on High Street Kensington. Rooms are alright. Gym really basic. Staff is nice. There is a coffee shop (Costa) at the entrance ",Date of stay: January 2018,3.0
591,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or590-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Old and tired.   The hotel, and me!","Great welcome and check in,  modern reception area that once in the lift gives way to a very tired and drab looking hotel. I stayed in an executive room, which was basically a standard room with a dressing gown and some extra toiletries.  Sleep was broken due to close proximity to the railway line and lack of sound proofing.     Executive lounge breakfast again had a warm welcome,  unlike the food which was on the whole cold. Disappointed with this hotel; only redeeming part were the efforts of staff.",Date of stay: January 2018,2.0
592,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or590-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Hotel standard and Quality,We did not expect the Hilton brand to have such hotel under its management. The hotel is old require renovation. Bathroom dirty with smelly shower curtains and long that lays on half of the tub floor. ,Date of stay: December 2017,3.0
593,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or590-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Good location ,We chose this hotel because of the distance to all the site seeing. It was just a short taxi ride from Hyde park knights bridge museums. Perfect really. Parking at the hotel was very expensive but it is available at £37 for the day.  Hotel definitely needs an update. Breakfast was amazing.,Date of stay: December 2017,3.0
594,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or590-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Excellent  staff at breakfast,I stayed here for 4 nights last week of august 2017 the hotel for me was the perfect area walking distance of many museums etc the staff at breakfast were excellent and deserve praise nothing was too much trouble and look after you very well the food was also great very nice choice the room we had was a standard room the bed my daughter had she could not sleep in as the springs were sticking out reception sorted this out within half a hour by putting a matttess topper on problem sorted i will most definitely be staying here again next time i come to london ,Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
595,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or595-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Very nice hotel, great staff but not a 4 star hotel.","Had a lovely stay at this hotel over the new year period, the location was great. We were a 20-30 minute bus ride from Piccadilly Circus, so had easy access to all central london locations which was great.  Hotel as very nice, staff were amazing and always friendly and helpful. Breakfast buffet was great, a wide variety of choice, only downside was no halal options available on hot breakfast, but the choice was still good for vegetarian, and service was great.  The downsides however: wifi was extremely poor- signal was so weak in our room, we could usually not connect at all, and when it did connect it would keep cutting out every few seconds.  Whilst the room was nice and very comfortable for a short-stay, it was not what we would expect of a 4-star hotel. I would say rooms are…",Date of stay: December 2017,3.0
596,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or595-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Amazing staff but rooms in need of refurb,"Stayed at this Hilton property in the late December for one night. Check in process was smooth, the receptionist who came from Barcelona was super friendly. Staff at the restaurant were superb as well, especially during the breakfast.  Lobby and restaurant/ bar area are trendy, however, once walked out from the lift and stepped into the corridor and the room, I suddenly felt like I was in somewhere in the 80’s. Room was a bit smelly, some kind of greasy odor coming from the A/C at times (a bit like the smell from kitchen).   Additionally, the edge of the bathtub finish has peeled off, showing that the maintenance was not good but it has no impacts in the use after all.  ",Date of stay: December 2017,3.0
597,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or595-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Great location in Kensington, UK","This hotel is wonderful for its location, costumer service, nearby eateries and transportation. If you are looking for a place to stay in London, but do not want to be in the middle of tourism, t his is a great location.",Date of stay: December 2017,4.0
598,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or595-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Disappointing,"Check in was extremely slow and there was no apology for having one person on and making us stand there for 10 mins.  The staff were not cheerful or even happy, they seemed miserable.  However, the room was the worst part.  It was very small, when you pulled back the blinds there were blacked out widows that partially opened into a smelly alley. The room had long black hair all over it and the walls are so paper thin you can here everything, i actually thought the baby that screamed all night for two nights was in my bed. ",Date of stay: December 2017,2.0
599,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or595-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Over night stay,The staff were pleasant and helpful. Parking was £34 for 24 hours. For what I paid I would of expected breakfast. The room and passage ways were a bit worn. The carpet in my room had a fold in it which I tripped on. The bed was comfortable but the quilt wasn’t warm enough for winter. ,Date of stay: December 2017,3.0
600,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or600-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Great staff .. disappointing room,After deciding to stay at the Hilton... it was very disappointing.  Travelodge and premier inn are cleaner and gives you better room instructions. Carpets are worn... aircon didn't work first day... bathroom small and wear evident... staff were excellent though... that's the only good point.  And parking ridiculously expensive... not going back there again.. Cheaper to park as Westfield shopping centre and take a taxi. ,Date of stay: December 2017,3.0
601,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or600-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Rooms,I enjoy the location of this hotel however sometimes you get a room in the back of the hotel and have to drag your bags up and down stairs to get to your room. I have back issues so this is not ideal for me.,Date of stay: December 2017,3.0
602,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or600-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Cold Old Hotel.,"We had booked in during the recent very cold spell in London.  There was little effort by the hotel to make it warm and comfy.  The bedrooms were barely adequate in regard to heating.   They couldn't offer me a quiet room. The Bar/Regency restaurant was actually cold if you spent time there.  The staff were very pleasant and one did not feel like complaining because of their efforts.   At €200 per night it was very disappointing.  I can get smaller hotels, better equipped and in better locations for a lot less and I would be warm.",Date of stay: December 2017,3.0
603,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or600-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Disappointing Room,We stayed at this hotel 3 years ago whilst attending the Horse Show and decided to return this time as its really convenient for Olympia and our room on that occasion was quite acceptable.  Although the public areas still look very nice - we were really disappointed with our room this time - it seems little has been done over the 3 years and things are looking a little tired and in need of refurbishment.  Our room was very small and cramped - just about able to walk around the bed and the window glass was frosted all over so made the room dark all the time - like being in a cupboard.  On opening the window we could see why they wanted to hide the view - but this is the first time in any hotel we have stayed in that the main windows were frosted glass. In the middle of winter is…,Date of stay: December 2017,3.0
604,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or600-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Nightmare,Air con going full blast and impossible to change. Engineer had to disable entirely so No heat no circulation  expensive way to  catch a cold  staff totally  unconcerned only offered additional blankets Sent complaint rmail and received a response saying 'sorry for any inconvenience' room and staff not fit for purpose,Date of stay: December 2017,1.0
605,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or605-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Location good for Olympia ,"The hotel is looking a little tired now , and the rooms whilst clean and tidy are not up to other London Hilton standards. The staff at redemption and in the Executive lounge were excellent and couldn’t have been more helpful in making sure our stay was enjoyable. The bar staff however appeared disinterested and fell short of the standard I expect from Hilton . The food in both the Exec Lounge and Restaurant was good . All in all the location decided the venue choice this time round . The hotel is good and clean but not outstanding ",Date of stay: December 2017,3.0
606,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or605-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Poor Service and Quality,"Booked 3 rooms for a one night stay for the Olympia Horse show for which this hotel is ideally located (hence 2 stars not 1!).  Booked over the phone and specifically requested roll out beds and interconnecting rooms as we had 5 children in a party of eight. I was told this was no problem however on arrival the requests hadn’t been allocated and we ended up all over the hotel, clearly with children in the group this isn’t acceptable and they tried to move us but couldn’t even get one interconnecting room despite us booking this!! So we took rooms nearby and had to split up the families to make sure an adult could be in each room... not a good start!  Worse however was room 417 which had a drain/sewage/damp problem in the room (not bathroom I might add) but given there were no…",Date of stay: December 2017,2.0
607,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or605-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Older hotel but good for a short stay,This is an older property which was converted from a few attached buildings.  The rooms are on the smaller side as well as the elevator which is typical for an older property.  The room itself was clean but the bathroom could use an upgrade.  The breakfast buffet was very plentiful and had a large assortment of foods for any ones taste.  The staff was always courteous and helpful when we talked to them.  ,Date of stay: November 2017,3.0
608,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or605-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Perfect for Olympia Stadium.... a stones throw away,"I stayed here for the Olympia Christmas Horseshow.  So easy to walk to the stadium and a very friendly hotel.  The staff were all extremely polite and attentive and supremely helpful.  The executive lounge is a lovely way to relax, although I still had breakfast in my room which was superb.",Date of stay: December 2017,4.0
609,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or605-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Olympia,Perfectly located for the show at Olympia and for shopping.  Staff very pleasant and helpful. The buffet  breakfast was very nice. The rooms could do with a little  modernising but we were very comfortable.,Date of stay: December 2017,4.0
610,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or610-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Just telling it like it is...,"Long wait at the reception while a confused person tried to check us in. When we finally got to the assigned room I was seriously dismayed. Tiny, really old and shabby. I tried to make it better and fix it up a bit. Plugged in my electronics and could only get 1 bar of wifi.  The shower curtain smelled of mildew and I am allergic to mold. Then I noticed that the smoke detector had a used plastic shower cap tied tightly over it. This was too much. We were to be here for over 10 days and I didn’t think I could stand it, so I went down to complain and they offered to show us another room... porter accompanied us to inspect new room. Also very shabby but slightly bigger and on a small table was a welcome note, bottled water and jar of sweets. Peeked at welcome note to see whose room…",Date of stay: December 2017,1.0
611,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or610-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Unkempt and bad customer service,"The hotel needs a face lift.  For the cost, it definitely was not worth it.  Room service was expensive and cold when we received the food.  The Concierge and front desk personnel did not want to do their jobs and sent me back and forth with the same questions and no answers.",Date of stay: December 2017,2.0
612,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or610-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Popped in for drinks,"Popped in here for drinks on our Christmas night out. Ordered several gin and tonics and we noticed the barman pouring the supposed tonic in with the soda gun. We tasted them and it was so blatantly soda water.  This was very late in the evening and we believe he was attempting to dupe us as we were quite merry by this time. When confronted he kept up the pretence and tasted the “tonic” on his thumb and said it had run out. Since when was tonic served this way anyway. We then received another round containing real tonic water. We were incensed at this obvious way of trying to pull the wool over our eyes, absolutely disgusting, beware! ",Date of stay: December 2017,1.0
613,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or610-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Not up to Hilton standards!,"A shabby interior with stained carpets in the hallways, needs a complete refurbishment. A good 15-20 minute walk to the shops in Kensington High Street. Staff very friendly and efficient. A very expensive stay for what it was.",Date of stay: December 2017,2.0
614,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or610-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Very nice!,"We had a very nice stay, very comfy bed and room (a little small compared to american hiltons but we knew that before hand because of online reviews its very common in London) Nice hot hot shower. Nice clean Tub. A few outlets for charging. Good view of the open street. Good buffet breakfast included great service staff.",Date of stay: December 2017,5.0
615,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or615-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,HILTON OLYMPIA,Very efficient and friendly staff. Amazing breakfast and clean rooms. Staff did everything to make our stay as good as possible and were quick to sort a minor problem with the air con. I would happily return again,Date of stay: December 2017,5.0
616,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or615-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Old, tired & Unsafe","Myself and my husband recently stayed here for 1 night. When my husband checked in( he got there before me) he was given his keys and went to our room on the 1st floor. The room was awful, the bath had black stains in it, the table was stained and the extra pillows we requested prior to our arrival were not in the room. After calling down to have the bath cleaned house keeping arrived and could not remove the stains in the bath tub! We were then moved to an executive room as a replacement. It was room 714 on the 7th floor. As soon  as we walked in we noticed the room was very cold, so went to see if the window was open. The window was not open but the handle had been tapered with so you could not close and seal the window correctly causing a draft and making it very noisy. We…",Date of stay: December 2017,1.0
617,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or615-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Tired rooms,"We were booked into the Hilton Olympia for a weekend business event. As other reviewers have said, the rooms are tired, brown and definitely in need of a face-lift. Our en-suite had a number of broken tiles and grout that didn't look too clean in places. Getting out of the lift on our floor, the smell reminded me of university halls of residence, and not in a good way! On the plus side, the buffet breakfast was very good. The staff were all very helpful and the entrance foyer attractive. The bed was large and the room was not too hot and reasonably quiet.  Given a choice, this is not a hotel I'd book for a weekend in London.",Date of stay: November 2017,3.0
618,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or615-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Expensive and Noisy - A tired hotel ,Very convenient for Olympia exhibition centre and great breakfast but rooms noisy with poor sound insulation between rooms and against noisy London traffic on crossroads - despite being on 8th floor. Decor tired - try elsewhere,Date of stay: November 2017,3.0
619,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or615-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,The Dowager needs a makeover,"One of the little things I look at in evaluating a hotel is the quality of the elevator buttons. If they're really worn, chances are the hotel could use a makeover. The elevator buttons (at least on the 8th floor) are really, really worn. While the room was fine, the common areas are a bit of a mess.  The staff was very nice - they supplied me with a power converter for the duration of my stay. Which was awesome.   The service at the restaurant/bar was spotty, tending towards very slow. Nice folks...just seems a bit under-staffed.  This hotel is a good 15-minute walk from the nearest Tube station. There is a stop that allegedly opens at some point...it just didn't seem to be open when I was there.  I told another fellow London traveler about this hotel. She said ""Priceline LOVES…",Date of stay: December 2017,3.0
620,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or620-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Basic,"The hotel lobby and bar area is typical of what you'd expect of a Hilton, however I was a little underwhelmed by the room. We had a double bed and it felt very tight in the room. There wasn't much light and overall just felt like a very basic 3 star room. Felt a little more like a roadside motel. The location isn't bad, and the staff were friendly.",Date of stay: December 2017,3.0
621,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or620-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Good Location,"A good value hotel, it is not immediately next to a tube station other that when Kensington Olympia is open but easily accessed by bus with stops very close by. London overground stop is also close by",Date of stay: December 2017,5.0
622,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or620-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Friendly staffs!,Room was large. staffs are friendly as they always do. they will accommodate you upon your arrival throughout your stay. room was well equipped. Hotel is in great location. around 10-15 minutes walk. Had fun during my stay and would surely come back in the future!,Date of stay: March 2017,3.0
623,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or620-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"OMG,  is this really Hilton? ","I really cannot believe this is a Hilton.  It is like a US motel.  The carpets are so bad.  The bathroom in my room stinks.  Called the front desk and they said will clean tomorrow morning. They did come and spray some freshener. There is no ventilation in the bathroom and the humidity in there is just making it smell real bad. The room windows are leaking. Don't know whether the thermostat is working.  I have an executive room.  This is really bad for the price I am paying. It is quite ironic as there is a placard in the room saying, 'if you're not satisfied with your stay,  let us know and we'll MAKE IT RIGHT '. Oh,  i did and got some air freshener that worked for a little while.  Well,  what a Hilt-On!!",Date of stay: December 2017,2.0
624,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or620-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel,"I stay at a lot of Hilton hotels and while this is not my favourite Hilton in London it is still a very good hotel. My room was large and well equipped, everything was very clean and the bed was comfortable. I have had issues with Wi-Fi here before but this time the signal was strong. The staff, as always, were friendly and helpful. There was a good range of hot and cold food for breakfast. Some of the decor looks a bit tired.",Date of stay: December 2017,4.0
625,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or625-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,A good stay,"We enjoyed our stay at this property, the staff were polite and helpful, our room was clean and breakfast was adequate. Some of the common spaces were in need of a an upgrade and while the property is in a nice section of town it was a good 15 minute walk to the tube. All things considered we would stay here again.",Date of stay: December 2017,4.0
626,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or625-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,My go-to hotel in London,"I have to travel down to london several times a year and this has rapidly become my go-to choice to stay in the capital.  The hotel is situated very close to olympia station  (the overground is easy to access at Euston station ) and for access to everywhere you would want to get to in london - the bus stops outside the hotel gives access to Kensington, Knightsbridge, West End, Oxford street etc) with buses going every 7 minutes.  While the hotel is probably coming to the time when it needs a bit of a refurb  the staff are always excellent  and helpful. The exec lounge is very good and food and drink are excellent. Whats more there are a number of very good restaurants within walking distance  as well as Holland Park for R&R.  I feek so far that this Hilton is a bit of my secret…",Date of stay: November 2017,4.0
627,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or625-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,A sad hotel badly in need of refurbishment,We stayed here for 1 night for a conference at Olympia-and the location for this is excellent.   However the hotel is in terminal decline-everything is old and shabby. We ordered an executive room-on the 8th floor cold and scruffy-poorly fitting window which made it very noisy and cold. The bed was alleged to be a queen-it was barely a double in size. The bathroom was poor and the shower leaked everywhere. The Executive Lounge was very poor and all day refreshments limited to small packets of biscuits-and the lounge is very poorly fitted with ageing furniture.At £245/night it was exceedingly poor value. On the positive side the breakfast was excellent with good freshly prepared food-and the staff were all helpful and polite working in difficult circumstances with many people…,Date of stay: November 2017,1.0
628,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or625-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Hilton Olympia,A well run hotel with excellent catering and extremely helpful staff- very professional Our room was quiet. as it was at the back of the hotel. The hall ways could do with a revamp but it was still a good hotel in an excellent area.,Date of stay: December 2017,4.0
629,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or625-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Hotel needs to come to the 21st century,"Though the staff at the Hilton was great, the hotel and facilities themselves need to be upgraded to the 21st century. The lobby and restaurant look great, but as soon as you come to the room floors it's old and wonky. I was first put in a room covered in dust, reeking of smoke and then a reasonable clean but quite old room. the breakfast in the hotel was good but way overpriced.",Date of stay: November 2017,2.0
630,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or630-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Winter trip ,"Stayed here this weekend, nice clean staff very friendly, We were spilt between floors which wasn’t an issue for us and didn’t ask to be close. All rooms were different it seemed to be larger room on level 1, level 2 slightly smaller level 8 smaller still but view was better so depends what u prefer personally Floor 8 we will stay here again thank you ",Date of stay: December 2017,5.0
631,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or630-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,It doesn't feel Hilton,"The hotel is old, maintain OK but doesn't feel a Hilton (worn out carpet in 6th floor corridor, old furniture in the room). The common facilities (lobby, dining room) were nice. Service was great. Altogether an OK hotel but not much more",Date of stay: November 2017,3.0
632,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or630-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Disappointing ,We booked this hotel online. On arrival the consiarge was helping us with our luggage to our room. He highlighted that the room was a smoking one. We didn't smoke so he had to change the room to a none smoking one. On arrival we was shocked by the small room. You couldn't swing a cat in it!  We had breakfast and noticed on the hot breakfast section  that there was a lack of utensils. People were using the same pincers and spoon for serving. Cross contaminatination not acceptable.  We are vegerarians and found this wrong. I will not be coming here again. Not impressed . ,Date of stay: December 2017,2.0
633,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or630-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,MB - UK SECURITY EXPO 2017,I'm overall satisfied. Will come back any time. Staff was very frinedly and professional. Location was perfect for event I was attending on Olympia Hall. Loved the Hilton hotel and I keep a fantastic memory of London. Will come back any chance I get.,Date of stay: December 2017,5.0
634,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or630-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Great location next to Olympia Hall,"Although the rooms need upgrading, especially the bathrooms tubs, the staff was extremely gracious and welcoming.  Be careful with the room choices on Kensington Street as the traffic/police noise can be intolerable at all hours.",Date of stay: December 2017,4.0
635,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or635-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Stay at the Hilton’s,"I thought that the service on arrival was great.the rooms were great too.i also liked that my room can with a balcony.however,my room was next to a road and that affected my sleep as there were about 5 ambulances that went pass my room throughout the night and I didn’t sleep well because of that.otherwise it was a great stay",Date of stay: November 2017,4.0
636,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or635-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Average,"The hotel is great for easy walking to the Olympia for a work event. Apart from that it’s average. Rooms are ok but dated. 7th floor there was loads of street noise and it was freezing even with the heating set to 24 degrees! Breakfast in the executive lounge was pretty small. Saving grace was service, alll staff members I dealt with were friendly. ",Date of stay: November 2017,3.0
637,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or635-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Avoid this hotel,"We were booked into this hotel by our travel agent as it is currently the preferred provider for the Trafalgar tour group, and I cannot understand why. Having completed both a UK and a European tour with Trafalgar, this hotel was definitely  the worst accommodation we stayed in during our 3 week trip. We were initially assigned to a small, dark room which was smelly and noisy.It had one small window which opened partially to the view and sound of the hotel air conditioning unit. We requested a room change, staff were initially reluctant and kept us waiting for quite some time before they decided to relocate us We would never stay here again,",Date of stay: September 2017,1.0
638,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or635-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Hilton London Olympia,"Hotel fabulous location for Ideal Home chistmas and winter wonderland borh in walking distance  Staff efficient, friendly and welcoming   Reception area was fabulous however the corriders and rooms looked a little dull and tired and could do with a makeover  Buffet breakfast was extensive with lots of choices to select from. ",Date of stay: November 2017,4.0
639,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or635-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Close to Olympia,"A clean hotel but needs a bit of spruce up looking tired. Room nice had everything you needed.  We choose the hotel as it was close to Olympia and it suited our needs.  Service slow in bar waited awhile for drinks, only one barman on.  Breakfast is plentiful and a nice choice it’s a shame it was all cold....porridge was in hot pot but was stone cold, all the fresh cooked breakfast was Luke warm and the beans tasted like they were straight out of a tin....probably not been stirred, they were brought out while l was standing there. There was no excuse as it was Sunday morning and there was a queue, should not have had time to get cold.  What is the problem with serving a hot breakfast ? I find it unacceptable as any premier inn cooks to order with no problems.  We have the same…",Date of stay: November 2017,3.0
640,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or640-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Avoid,"Booked this up following a theatre trip as a surprise for my partners 30th. Hotel looks lovely from the reception and the staff were welcoming and friendly. However, the room was dated, dusty, cracked sink in bathroom, paint peeling off of everything. It was just horrendous, I’ve stayed in better travel lodges which are only £30/£50 a night! Went to the bar at 11pm, they wouldn’t serve bar food despite the menu on our table stating the bar kitchen was open till 11:30pm. We ordered a cocktail to celebrate the occasion, member of staff checked they had passionfruit for it confirmed it did after speaking to other bar staff then came back 10 min later saying they didn’t have any!! Appalling for such a pricey hotel, ruined my partners birthday and I would advise everyone to avoid…",Date of stay: November 2017,1.0
641,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or640-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Very tired,The great thing about this hotel is that it has a garage but our room 756 was very tired and smelt in a strange way of cigarettes/room cleaner. We were also woken about 2am by some noisy people next door or in the corridor outside. If you are going to Olympia it is very convenient but it is a good walk to the nearest tube stations although taxis are easy to get outside. Breakfast was very good.,Date of stay: November 2017,3.0
642,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or640-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Better than expected!,"Yes, some parts of the hotel are a little dated and need some TLC. However, my bedroom was clean, spacious and good value. The communal areas are more modern and the nice breakfast was the usual Hilton selection. My only complaint was having to run the tap for nearly 10 minutes to get any hot water in the bathroom but would definitely consider staying again.",Date of stay: November 2017,4.0
643,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or640-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Great position much better than expected,I was concerned with reading the reviews but was pleasantly surprised. All of the staff were fantastic especially in the lounge. Yes the rooms are a little tired and not the best exec room I have stayed in with Hilton but I really liked this hotel. It’s in a great position easy to get around on the buses and breakfast was great with a fab omelette station. I would stay again ,Date of stay: November 2017,5.0
644,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or640-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Nice Hotel Experience,"Enjoyed my stay with this hotel. The staffs are efficient and friendly. Perfect location, there are lots of dining options nearby,but eating at the hotel dining area is not a bad idea, offers wide selection of dishes. The hotel is just a short walk from Olympia station. Reasonable price, rooms are a spacious and adequate. The beds and pillows are fine, they're fairly comfortable. definitely worth of the price.",Date of stay: November 2017,4.0
645,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or645-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Not Luxurious but Not Bad -- Would Stay Here Again,"Turns out this was my second stay at this hotel.  I do now remember the first time, my room was a bit larger.  But, the room that I stayed in (see photos) suited me just fine.  I was a solo traveler with no particular agenda.  It might be a bit tight for two people, but that depends on your relationship.  The room was comfortable, clean, and bed super comfortable.  The bathroom a bit on the small side, but like I said, I was travelling alone and it was just fine for me.  Housekeeping was very attentive and did a good job at making up the room.    The staff at front desk and concierge were outstanding !  They were so helpful and very caring.  They take the slogan of ""let me see if I can make that happen"" quite seriously.  ALSO, there is a gift shop on the premises that I wish I…",Date of stay: October 2017,4.0
646,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or645-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Nice staff and price , close to Olympia station","I like the location as it is close to tge tube station and westfield famouse mall Staff are lovely  has 8 floors  Nice breakfast , has executive lounge  Costa coffee is in the hotel biulding  Beside express suoermarket and restuarants ",Date of stay: November 2017,4.0
647,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or645-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Avoid ,"Staff where brilliant, but the rooms were dirty and dated.  Wallpaper coming off the walls, very deceptive as the main entrance of the hotel looks nice and modern. Holiday inn would have been better! We left straight away. They where very good about it and we got a refund.",Date of stay: November 2017,1.0
648,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or645-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Dated,"Nice friendly guy checked us in, the rooms need to be updated, worn carpets and tatty.  Only single pane glass, so expect a lot of traffic noise and condensation.  Great location, could be a great hotel.",Date of stay: November 2017,2.0
649,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or645-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Great hotel with friendly staff,"Stayed at this hotel a number of times with work, nice hotel with a good breakfast selection. Really friendly staff who are always happy to help. Great location, close to Kensington and only a short walk to the centre of London",Date of stay: November 2017,5.0
650,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or650-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,I have never been so pleased to check OUT of a hotel,"I offer my first ever hotel review, as a warning to fellow travellers: This hotel's front-of-house looks pretty decent on arrival, but when you ascend to the rooms above it is a very different story. Hilton should be ashamed of themselves. This hotel should be shut down. Everything from the carpets to the bathroom fixtures to the furniture and the corridors is ripped, broken and filthy dirty. I had to complain about the state of my first room as it was not habitable. My second room was even worse and it had no working heating system - an issue in London in November. You can see from my photos just how bad the rooms are. Both of my colleagues had the same experience - their rooms were also of a totally unacceptable standard.  I travel a lot, and hand on heart I urge everyone to…",Date of stay: November 2017,1.0
651,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or650-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Short: I had several bad nights in this hotel,"I have been at this hotel 4 times since it was booked by my company. The hotel is simply very old and thus is not up to normal living standards anymore.  - The mattress cannot be called such, its like lying on the floor (i tried 5 different rooms) - The furniture is aged  - The shower is too low, not the shower head as in many hotels, I am 185cm and I am hitting my head to the ceiling, I have never seen something like this before  - The windows are terrible, the street noise does not change if you have it open or closed   The only reason I did not gave them 0 points is because I have worked in Hotels in London and I know that the staff cannot really do anything about the age situation. They are trying there best, serving a good breakfast in the first floor (usually in London its…",Date of stay: March 2017,2.0
652,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or650-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Good central hotel,"I stayed here during the week on business. Upgrading to an exec room, and gaining access to the exec lounge is well worth it. I was fortunate to get upgraded as I have Hilton Gold status. Bit of a walk to the nearest tube station. ",Date of stay: November 2017,4.0
653,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or650-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Hilton with  need of a little upgrade of room to be ""hilton"" as we know it.","Lobby and restaurant must have been upgraded more recently than the rooms, but still good. Friendly staff, great Honors extras. A little way out of town, but still only a 15 minute walk from the busy part på Kensington High Street. Will definitely be back.",Date of stay: November 2017,4.0
654,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or650-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Avoid. ,"I want to start by saying how nice and efficient the staff are and this review by no way is a criticism of them, they work with what they have been given.   The  room (626) is at best grotty.  The bed linen is clean but the room is just old and looks dirty, cold too. The bathroom is small, and not the what I expected for a Hilton. I am 6ft 2” and can’t stand up in the shower!!!  The room door didn't seem secure, if I put my shoulder to it I would easily force it open!   On level 1 there is a bar.  For dinner it was the Ruben sandwich. Simply disgusting. Luckily they never asked me how it was.  For once the small portion offered was gratefully received. Top tip here is go across the road to The Hand & Flower.  Nice little gastro type bar.    It’s hard to believe Its a Hilton.…",Date of stay: November 2017,1.0
655,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or655-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,A Friday In London,"Arrived a 5pm - upgraded to a king sized room with a line of pillows, three of which I had to put aside for personal comfort. Good lighting, welcome tray, water all provided. The hotel is a bit dated, but comfortable. Staff pleasant and helpful. Easy access to tube and 9 and 10 bus. Near Kensington Palace. ",Date of stay: November 2017,4.0
656,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or655-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Excellent,"This Hilton is above average for service and being helpful. It seems to be managed well. Breakfast is a good experience. Though scrambled egg could be real eggs and bacon is the usual chain hotel problem of cooked to early stuck together and greasy. But a good choice of items to eat, Excellent bread. Rooms are clean and ours had a bath. Water consistently hot Housekeeping very obliging as were all the staff in this hotel",Date of stay: November 2017,5.0
657,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or655-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Miss,Pleasant business style accommodation  Very pleasant and efficient staff Good size room with disabilities catered for.  Decor becoming tired in parts. Good range and quality of food in buffet style breakfast bars. Lifts quick and easy to use.  Will return,Date of stay: November 2017,4.0
658,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or655-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Leisure weekend break 3rd Nov 2017,"Extremely convenient hotel for Olympia.  Staff were professional, helpful and extremely friendly.  Disappointed at the distinct musty smell of damp on entering the room with the obvious need for the shower head and hose to be replaced.  Internet access as a Hilton Honors member was extremely poor in the room.",Date of stay: November 2017,5.0
659,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or655-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Our home far away from home,We love to come here. Location is perfect. Special thanks to all of the employees. It is our second time and it will not be the last. We would recommend that you book a room with a executive lounge access.,Date of stay: November 2017,5.0
660,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or660-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Bad rooms - good location,"The location is great, and staff was helpful and professional. There’s also a lovely Christmas three in the lobby. However our room on 5th floor stank of fried food (from kitchen below I suppose) and the toilet flush was so loud it made the whole room shake. The ceiling and walls were damaged. Overall not what I expect from a Hilton hotel.",Date of stay: November 2017,2.0
661,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or660-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,SHAMBOLIC,"First and foremost the Hilton brand is a trusted name in hospitality and the condition of the rooms were utterly shambolic. Please note that I enthsise on rooms as I refer to them all.   I have never in my entire life stayed at Hotel as disgraceful as Hilton Olympia.  I was tasked with the job of sourcing a Hotel to stay at for the Investment show… please be informed that I am highly embarrassed as we also had our CEO and Director come along and stay. I will never be able to quite look the aforementioned management in the eye again and on the back end of that I probably will not be looked upon to carry out such a task again.  Here’s a short list of the problems both myself and my colleagues were met with.  •	The rooms were categorically filthy, in disrepair and a of a…",Date of stay: November 2017,1.0
662,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or660-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Night in London ,What a great Welcome I got from the staff! Too bad I feel like a giant in the room... the cielings come very low. The bed is super poofy! I Love it that I get more than one/two pillows. Near the hotel there is a Costa! Well hello morning late :),Date of stay: November 2017,4.0
663,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or660-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Overnight after trip to Hammersmith Apollo ,Stayed here with my daughter as we had tickets for Hammersmith was Apollo. Rooms were a bit tired but perfectly adequate. Ideal location for Hammersmith Apollo- just jump on no 9 bus across the road from the hotel and your there in 5minutes ( also takes you to central London in opposite direction). Breakfast was very good and restaurant staff v helpful. There’s a Costa right next to hotel if you fancy a snack/coffee with direct access to hotel.  Overall a great place to stay if your visiting Olympia or Hammersmith. We used Tesco vouchers for our overnight stay with breakfast. ,Date of stay: November 2017,3.0
664,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or660-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,British luxarious place at a low cost,"This hotel is located on high street kensighton which means that everything is very very close to it. Rooms are very clean , staff is polite and  the general level of services is exceptional. Hilton olympia is not expensive , it has a variety of room services and a good bonus scheme with hilton card for frequent visitors",Date of stay: April 2017,5.0
665,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or665-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Comfortable respite for the tourist,"As part of a holiday to SE England, my children and I spent 2 days in London. After a day around some tourist hotspots, this hotel was a welcome respite.  Peaceful rooms, attentive and helpful staff, comfortable beds and a great breakfast made for a restful overnight stay before our second day in London.  Within walking distance of the Underground and a quick taxi journey from the West End theatres, it was well located away from the busyness of central London.  My children and I really enjoyed our stay here.",Date of stay: October 2017,5.0
666,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or665-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Don't be fooled by the name Hilton,"Made the mistake of thinking that a Hilton on Kensington High Street would be perfect for seeing the city, I found the location to be far from the nearest Underground station necessitating a bus ride each way, the rooms were way below Hilton standards, and the staff was uneven in their training and knowledge to help a tourist seeking guidance.",Date of stay: November 2017,2.0
667,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or665-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Old and tired but well located for Olympia.  Hilton should upgrade this hotel with a degree of urgency!,"I have stayed in this hotel when it was a new kid on the block and several times over its life and in particular in early November 17 and it is tired, un loved and in need of a major refurbishment.  The rooms look as though they have not been refurbished for 30+yrs.  The hotel though is well positioned for anyone visiting Olympia!  It also has a well managed Executive Lounge.",Date of stay: November 2017,2.0
668,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or665-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Good value experience,"This is a well run hotel ideal for business people who need a friendly an efficient hotel, with a quality bar and close to other amenities/shops.  Staff are professional whilst being both approachable and friendly.  Check in, cleanliness, room temperatures and working areas in the bedrooms are all of a good standard.  I have stayed here many times and whilst the room quality can be variable the standard has never dropped to being a problem",Date of stay: November 2017,4.0
669,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or665-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Excellent London option,"I made a late booking having found a fantastic deal on a well known website. It proved to be a shrewd move as we enjoyed an excellent couple of nights at this hotel. The staff were friendly and efficient; applying the appropriate credit to my Hilton Honours account (despite me not having booked directly with them). We didn’t eat or drink at the hotel but looked at the bar area; and found a lovely, bright space with windows around two sides.  The room was a generous size with ample storage and full length mirror. The bed and pillows were extremely comfortable and the room benefitted from a range of different lights/ lamps. There was a desk and chair along with an easy chair at the window; the bedroom was excellent. The bathroom was also a good size with a powerful shower.  The…",Date of stay: November 2017,5.0
670,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or670-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Rundown property, needs a facelift",Damp walls and soiled carpets ain’t what you expect when you check in Hilton in London. Also the HH benefits for a Gold member of two bottles of water aren’t much to brag about. It should be something valuable like room upgrades etc.. ,Date of stay: October 2017,2.0
671,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or670-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Great place for a weekend break,"Nice rooms and good pub grub In the sports bar a bit like cheers the tv series. Not over the top, like some chain Hotels. Just nice and friendly. We come here with Tourist groups and The standard is very good for London.",Date of stay: November 2017,5.0
672,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or670-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Is this a Hilton or Travel Lodge?,"No complimentary water in the rooms, housekeeping didn't bother visiting, restaurant charged for a wine they didn't bring, 20 minutes wait for a bowl of olives. Giving Hilton a bad name this one. Staff are pleasant but some are clueless. Either update the interior décor or demolish. Sort yourselves out please.",Date of stay: November 2017,2.0
673,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or670-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Could be worse!,"As stated time and again, this Hilton falls quite short of the Hilton brand. It is in no way deluxe and is in desperate need of room renovations. However, if you set your expectations correctly, it is a fine enough stay.  Whats good? Reception and staff were pleasant and helpful. The beds and pillows were fine and really this is the most important thing about a hotel. The breakfast/dining area was the nicest area of the hotel and there was plenty to eat.  Whats bad? The rooms did smell, as did the towels. There were stains all of the carpets and woodwork. Shower was missing pieces. The location is not ideal for being a tourist in central London. However, once you figure out the bus/tube system, its certainly do-able.  If you like long walks, the Earls Court tube stop is about a…",Date of stay: October 2017,3.0
674,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or670-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,A good stay,Reception area is nice and a great welcome from Charlie. Upgraded to an executive room which was hastily but efficiently converted to a twin. It was a large room with a fridge which certainly cam in useful. The room was looking a little dreary and it’s probably time for some refurbishment but it served the purpose and was clean and tidy. Once again a nice welcome in the executive lounge from....guess who... yes Charlie who along with Valentina served us well and are a credit to the establishment. A good breakfast in the morning capped off a nice stay. Bring the bedrooms up to the standard of the public rooms and next time it will be 5 out of 5!,Date of stay: October 2017,4.0
675,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or675-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,It does not deserve the name of Hilton,"The rooms are old, stinky and dark. The whole hotel should be renovated. No luxury, no quality. The restaurant is the best place in the hotel. You better choose another hotel, this one should be avoided.",Date of stay: October 2017,3.0
676,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or675-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Not for your average Gold member,"The location of this hotel is good, however, unless you are a Diamond member, there are no perks. The rooms are very dated, bad mattresses, hard pillows and not very clean. No recognition and no reason to charge to your Hilton credit card",Date of stay: October 2017,3.0
677,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or675-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Build expo,"My company booked and checked me into room 131 it was appalling, frosted window so no view opening the window revealed a disgusting light well. The housekeeping team do a great job keeping a very tired room clean, basin is cracked and bath enamel chipped. Fan coil is noisy and last night water dropped through the ceiling.  I should have rejected the room but didn’t.  Come on Hilton you have a high profile brand and should not be subjecting your guests to sub standard facilities. ",Date of stay: October 2017,2.0
678,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or675-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Family trip,"This was a trip for my Mom, three siblings, their spouses and myself.  We had a total of 5 rooms.  The hotel was quite dated and could use some upgrades.  The bed was comfortable, the water was hot in the shower.  It was difficult to regulate the temperature in the room.  Two of my siblings said it was so hot in the room they could not sleep.  The shower/tub was elevated and very difficult to step in.  The breakfast was tasty, however the breakfast staff were not the friendliest.",Date of stay: October 2017,3.0
679,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or675-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Very comfortable hotel in the city,Stayed twice at the London Hilton Olympia once in July 17 and Sep 17. Both times were excellent. Very comfortable accomodation. Staff were very helpful. The restaurant both for breakfast buffet and dinner was great with lots of variety. Great place to meet fellow travellers.,Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
680,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or680-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Second visit and a strange one ,"I often go to exhibitions at Olympia in London for Work and this seems like the perfect hotel. This was the second time I’d stayed. As always with a Hilton, the hotel is lovely and clean, the staff are all pleasant and the bar is great (if not a bit pricey!). I had a couple of problems each time I stayed here though.   The first time, I had prebooked a double room but when I arrived, I was given a single. When I asked why they said that they were fully booked and all other available doubles had been taken. Obviously, I was disappointed as I was there for 2 nights. Although the staff were very apologetic, nothing was done to compensate for this.   The second time I stayed this year in September, I got my double room, yay! All was fine except when I got into bed, I noticed there…",Date of stay: September 2017,2.0
681,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or680-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Richard S,"I've just had to check out of here and move down the r oad to a different hotel. It was a shame as the staff were fantastic, it's just that the hotel is tired. It urgently requires a refurb as the amenities it offers are seriously substandard. I am now in a far better hotel, clean, up to date and £20 less per night.",Date of stay: October 2017,2.0
682,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or680-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Great Location, Terrible Staff, Very Noisy","The hotel is on a main road and despite my room being at the side of the hotel I was awoken multiple times in the night by trains, ambulances and general traffic horns. This hotel needs to invest in sound proof windows.  The staff are terrible, especially in the bar. they are highly unhelpful and fully expect them to take your order wrong/miss items from your order. thel",Date of stay: October 2017,2.0
683,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or680-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Too hot!!!,"As you enter the hotel, you can see it’s dated and in need of some TLC. The wooden panel long by the elevators on the room floors (6th Floor) were tired and battered. The steps leading down to our room had double sided sticky tape on them, obviously from a previous repair which hadn’t worked.  Room 644 - The AC is on full and yet the room is uncomfortably hot. Managed to get to sleep about 04:00 which isn’t too good when your up at 06:30. It would seem that some servicing may be required. The bathroom could do with some maintenance as well as the bath panel is loose and isn’t installed correctly.   To be fair I didn’t complain as I didn’t want to go through the hassle of changing rooms as when we returned from our evening out there was a queue of several people still checking in…",Date of stay: October 2017,2.0
684,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or680-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Hilton London Olympia,"Poor value for money, rooms are of a poor standard and fell below my expectations for a Hilton standard especially in London. Staff service was excellent however overall feel and look of hotel is very dated and sleep was very poor as Beds and Pillows are not comfortable. Excellent location for our purpose of stay.",Date of stay: October 2017,2.0
685,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or685-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Cold and Corporate,very little on offer considering the price - the only thing it has going for it is the location to Olympia. Dull surroundings and a bar that is uninviting. bar staff very helpful. would not recommend this hotel if not attending a show at Olympia,Date of stay: October 2017,3.0
686,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or685-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Disappointing for a hilton...,"Although the room itself was generally well presented with good facilities e.g. iron, fridge etc. the bed wasn't very comfortable and being at the front of the hotel it was very noisy from the traffic as the window didn't seem shut properly. The shower wasnt really tall enough to stand up in - my head skimmed the top of the ceiling... not an exaggeration and I'm only 5""8; I had to crouch under the shower (room 308 but colleagues reported tge same issue) -there was also no hot water on the first morning but in fairness this issue was resolved for the rest of my stay. The breakfast buffet was very good each morning and the staff very helpful and pleasant, however the bar in the hotel is overpriced; in fact a complete rip off. Overall I was disappointed with a few things not being…",Date of stay: October 2017,3.0
687,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or685-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Cosy hotel but needs good touch up!,"We stayed one night, the double room we got was cleaned and pleasant.  Wall paper peeled off, good to touch up.  Overall our experience is good.  Good recommendation by concierge to take the Big Bus & cruise along Thames River.",Date of stay: October 2017,3.0
688,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or685-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Needs a complete update, but a fairly pleasant stay","We spent five days and nights at Hilton London Olympia for a business-vacation in October 2017.  We found the hotel on the Hilton website and forgot the check Trip Advisor, so we were a little surprised at how dated the hotel was.  It was built somewhere in the early 1970s and hasn't been properly updated since then. The lobby is dreary and dark, and the overall approach is one found in the dismal architecture of the quasi-Socialist period in English politics when all buildings needed to look like Soviet-style boxes.  The elevators were tiny and creaky, and the hallways were kind of grim, but not dirty.  We had a big room overlooking Kensington High Street and, honestly, despite the aging wood furniture and the lumpy carpet, the room was very comfy. The bathroom was spotless and…",Date of stay: October 2017,3.0
689,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or685-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Really Looked After for a Special Family Occasion,"We were in London for a special award ceremony and chose the Hilton Olympia. We were fabulously looked after from start to finish. Hotel staff were friendly, rooms spacious and quiet and the executive lounge was a lovely peaceful way to get breakfast or a late night snack. Most importantly for me, the beds and pillows were sumptuously soft and comfy. Even after our return home they worked hard to find and return a lost teddy bear. Special thanks to Madu and her team.",Date of stay: October 2017,5.0
690,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or690-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Not the best location,"We have been there to attend a wedding event at the hotel. From inside, the hotel is old, our room was a small one. It was, however, ok for the purpose of our stay. Location is no good for london visitors. It is no where for attractions, shopping, etc.",Date of stay: August 2017,4.0
691,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or690-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Hilton Olympia,Not much to say except I would never stay here at my expense and if my company moved me that would be just fine. Location is okay but rooms need a real update ASAP.  Hilton Honors Gold means nothing to this hotel.,Date of stay: October 2017,2.0
692,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or690-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Standart hotel,old hilton hotel with strange floor arrangement. . we had to go up and down stairs to our room. . very inconvenient if we bring goods. . the room is not too big. . the food is standard..the service is standart.,Date of stay: October 2017,2.0
693,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or690-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Noisy & tired, but great service!","The hotel is conveniently located right by Olympia & I guess this is the only reason to stay there.  The hotel is spacious enough and staff at reception & breakfast were very good.   Sadly, the rooms are dull, dark and tired. I was tired too as sleep wasn’t really an option; it was like sleeping on a motorway. There was endless road and rail noise, which the old double glazing did nothing to block out.   If I had been staying for anything other than an event at Olympia I would have been incredibly disappointed.",Date of stay: October 2017,3.0
694,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or690-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Hotel needs a facelift,"Staff was nice and answered all questions.  Rooms were old, dated, and noisy.  Internet service was slow.  Bathroom had a drop ceiling that was barely 6 feet high. Restaurant was good and staff was very nice",Date of stay: October 2017,3.0
695,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or695-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Will definitely visit again . ❤,"I stayed there for 10 days..  location of the property is amazing just few minutes walking distance from the Olympia underground , the high street market ...and the Kensington Palace garden.. rooms wr neat and clean, love the room service facility people at the reception where helpful... hotel staffs wr friendly... the breakfast was good..overall it was a nice  experience I would definitely visit again..    ",Date of stay: October 2017,4.0
696,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or695-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Stay eleswhere,Checked in around 9:45pm... had to change rooms due to repeated power failures in allocated room. Wanted quiet room which turned to noisy room after 11:30pm room change. Room service menu says until 10pm although found out next morning it is actually 24 hrs. Expensive bar. Knocked up rooms and dirty bathrooms. Had to stay here since local to company. Good breakfast. Will be finding elsewhere next time. Been on trip around EU - worse hotel out of 4 so far. ,Date of stay: October 2017,1.0
697,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or695-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Close to London underground and spacious hotel,"The Hilton London Olympia is nicely located and close to the Olympia Underground and Main Line station. I had reviewed a few hotels before staying here and selected this hotel based on other reviews, photos and closeness to the Underground.  I left my wallet in the bar on my last night (thought I lost it) and when I enquired at reception the next morning, they rang Lost & Found to check(I wasn't hopeful). To my surprise the wallet was handed in and returned to myself once I identified it. Thank you Hilton Olympia for something so many others would not do !!!  I will return and stay in this hotel based on my experience at this location.",Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
698,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or695-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Tired, expensive, poor service","Stayed here for 3 nights while at a trade show at Olympia which is right next door. This means the price shoots right up when there's a show on - I stayed for half the price a month ago. The rooms are tired and need a facelift. Mine smelt badly of stagnant water from the aircon and I had to leave the window open, which made it very noisy. They fixed it on day 2. The service in the bar is not great and unbelievably they were out of stock of 3 different gins on the first night. There's a Sainsbury's 2 minutes away. They are clearly set up to milk the captive audience from Olympia. For service and value, have your breakfast at Frank's across the road. ",Date of stay: October 2017,3.0
699,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or695-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,I’d certainly consider staying at this Hilton again,"The Hilton Olympia is only a few minutes walk from Olympia Underground and Main Line station – the station is just opposite the exhibition centre. However, underground trains only run at the weekend and aren’t that frequent. We were staying at the weekend and so that wasn’t so much of an issue.  The rooms were good quality. We had two rooms and both were similar.  The bathroom was fine, except that when you stepped into the tub for a shower, your head almost touched the suspended false ceiling.  The view from my window was to the main street, but it wasn’t noisy in the room.  The executive lounge was by room keycard entry, although there was a receptionist. The range of snacks and drinks was pretty good during the 6:30pm – 8.00pm happy hour.  The breakfast spread (main…",Date of stay: September 2017,4.0
700,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or700-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Service Very Good. Hotel Tired,Service was very good even prior to check in with a personal email from the reception. Hotel lobby and bar are very smart.  But the rooms and corridors are very weathered. And have that ‘care home’ aroma. Needs a lick of paint.  Good location for the Apollo theatre and plenty of restaurants. ,Date of stay: October 2017,3.0
701,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or700-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Excellent Staff & Hospitality,"Our review is to thank Madhoo at the front desk for her exceptional professionalism and hospitality shown during our stay. We visited Hilton London Olympia  and unfortunately had to book a Twin bed as there was no availability for King Bed. Before booking we called the Hotel to confirm if we could get a King Bed and were assured that it would not be a problem. Upon our arrival we were reassured the room has King Bed but once we slept we realized the two twin beds have been joined together and its not actually a King Bed. My husband went down next morning to complaint and met Madhoo at the front desk, who looked into this matter with utmost professionalism. She not only changed our room but also upgraded it to the Executive room providing us the Lounge Access for the…",Date of stay: October 2017,5.0
702,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or700-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Why,"Nice room. Spacious, clean, got a HHonours upgrade and fluffy towels and slippers. But why do I have to waiting hour and a half for room service. Soup + fish  and chips - not hard really. It's a pretty common problem at this hotel. Getting through to room service has improved but otherwise...",Date of stay: October 2017,2.0
703,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or700-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Not what I expect for the cost,"Although the staff were amazing (bottle of wine and cheese etc put in our room while we were out ready for when we got back, very helpful with directions) and we had a lovely stay for our first wedding anniversary, I came home exhausted for lack of sleep.  Through the walls in our room we could hear the toilet system loud and clear, there must of been a lot of people needing to pee throughout the night as every 5 minutes it's all we could here, the bed was so uncomfortable, I came home more exhausted then when we went away.  We didn't get to look around the area much as we were going to Covent Garden to the theatre, if I had booked a hotel I would of tried to get a little closer for the Theatre.  The room was worn, there was a massive dent in the wall (the paper hadn't broken…",Date of stay: October 2017,2.0
704,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or700-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Good location,"Location-wise this hotel is a good one.. 2 tube stations are only 10-15mins away, there is also 2 bus stop across the street.. the kensington street is worth strolling into, they have lots of shops on this area..  Although the hotel will pale into comparison to other Hilton hotels, as this is one is kinda old one (AC system is really something to improve) you will be impress with the helpful concierge services they have..   Stayed here 5d / 4n, breakfast is good but after the 2nd day, you wish to find something new on the selections.. not to mention the ""egg-chef"" seems to hates his job 😂 when theres more request.. throwing some attitude with some guest.. 😀 dont hate the omelette-lovers mate! LOL  Overall : Location 8/10 Room 6/10 Service 9/10 Price is a bit high Breakfast…",Date of stay: October 2017,3.0
705,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or705-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Great Stay,"Enjoyed my stay at this property.  Great location, good service!  This location has easy access to public transportation and the tube was within walking distance.  Also easy to several shops, restaurants, and quick service food establishments.  ",Date of stay: September 2017,4.0
706,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or705-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Working at Olympia,"Great location. There is nothing else good I can say about this hotel.  Slow service, staff okay. Don’t take your luggage to the room till you’ve checked room chances are your room will not suitable.  Reception staff extremely amenable.  ",Date of stay: October 2017,2.0
707,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or705-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Food & staff make this place,"Chose this hotel due to its proximity to London Olympia where we were attending conference - 200 yards  Staff on check-in great - friendly & helpful Room very tired & in need of urgent refresh! Quite dark & small with scuffed furniture, not very appealing & certainly doesn't match the website pics! Bed very comfy. Bathroom ok but stained tiles, shower fittings, bath panel etc made it look dirty Most of our time was spent out of the hotel but we chose to eat here for convenience & the food was excellent at both dinner & breakfast. Again staff were exceptional so a big thank you to all. Bus stop just a short walk away so easy to get to & from Kings Cross on the number 10 with a bit of sightseeing thrown in along the way",Date of stay: October 2017,4.0
708,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or705-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,My First Stay at Hilton Olympia,"As a business hotel, the hotel services are acceptable. The staff at coincerage, housekeeping and cafe are friendly.   However my room was face to the street, sometimes is very noisy (especially in late evening).  The wifi internet connection was very poor and doesn't work well.   I have stayed 8 nights and mostly use my personal roaming network service.    In addition, they have changed their password for log in their wifi connection without notice.   This can only find out when I tried to log in more than 6 times and check with the front desk.   Fully understood this is for security reason, however I am surprised this happened at a hotel.   I hope this can improve in the future.",Date of stay: September 2017,3.0
709,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or705-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,London Olympia,The Internet did not work on the 5th floor at all the furnishing are old and antiquated . No one could help with the internet. The was was dull and uninspiring and a little dark. The staff was great in all areas,Date of stay: October 2017,2.0
710,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or710-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Good customer service,"As many other reviewers have pointed out, parts of the hotel are in real need of an overhaul. So for example I had issue with my air con and the room was quite tired.  However the staff were excellent from before check in to after check out, the executive lounge was small but good and breakfast was enjoyable . So the four stars are for the staff and their service.",Date of stay: October 2017,4.0
711,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or710-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Overpriced, outdated and unclean!","My company paid a lot of money for a one night's stay and it was awful. It was expensive, the rooms weren't clean (the net curtains were filthy) and there was a constant draught even though all the windows were cold. Breakfast was poor. Wouldn't recommend or return. ",Date of stay: October 2017,1.0
712,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or710-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Very poor Hilton Hotel,"The hotel and the service we received as a group from the moment we arrived was appalling.  It took half an hour to sort out the rooms, I booked a double room and ended up with a twin room.  my 2 colleagues then had to wait a further 30 minutes as housekeeping hadn't released the rooms and it was 7pm before they could check in.  We booked no smoking rooms and 1 room ended up being smoking and had to be changed.  After a long day at the exhibition hall we had an hour turnaround before meeting clients for dinner in the evening which we were late for.  The shower in my bedroom just trickled water so pointless having this facility.  The hotel corridors were run down and dirty which is not what I expect from this brand of hotel.  The best part about this hotel was breakfast.  Overall…",Date of stay: October 2017,1.0
713,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or710-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Disappointing ,"Room stank of damp and was generally a bit rubbish. Was I expecting too much with the Hilton name above the door? Nope...just a big let down. I thought I was special when work splashed out a 'nice' hotel, how I was wrong.   Staff in the bar were excellent, their dry wit and tea making skills almost made up for the aforementioned gripe. Almost. ",Date of stay: October 2017,3.0
714,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or710-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Comfortable Stay,"My room was quiet and comfortable, excellent, very comfortable bed, pillows.  Bathroom bright and very clean.  Tv and internet excellent.  Restaurant meals tasty and reasonable.  All staff very friendly and helpful  concierge excellent!  Will be happy to visit again.",Date of stay: October 2017,5.0
715,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or715-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Long stay and not out of choice,"I've been staying at the Hilton Olympia for the past 2 months due to been effect by a certain fire and what can I say, as an online concierge I don't think I can recommend this hotel to clients.  Some staff are great and some dont want list goes on",Date of stay: October 2017,1.0
716,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or715-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Great Location but ...,"Had a long weekend wanted to be near relatives. Arrived quite late from Dublin very helpful receptionist went to room on 6 th floor. Room was cramped lacked light and smelt badly. Went down to change but no spare rooms until morning. My partner went to change rooms in morning asked at reception what was the problem and when he stated the issues with room told not to be rude.  Moved rooms down corridor brighter room but bathroom had Mould on wall. The carpet was badly stained maybe through a water leak carpet was lumpy in sections and in two sections. The decor of corridors were rundown, entrance to lifts badly marked at entrances  Didn't live up to a Hilton standard and we live near Hilton Kilmainham and enjoy the food ambience etc Wanted to print off tickets went to executive…",Date of stay: October 2017,1.0
717,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or715-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Good hotel,If I compare this Hilton to other average Hiltonsnin EU I would not say it's my favourite..but no issues except it's a little bit old buildings and rooms and shower was too small  It's located west of London..not close to attractions in centre but good situated for restaurants,Date of stay: September 2017,3.0
718,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or715-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Dated but reliable Hilton,Stayed for one night. Very handy for olympia station and event venue. Rooms and lifts and decor old fashioned and a little tired. Exec lounge nude wine offering no real spirits. Snacks ok. Cramped space. Breakfast standard fayre but lovely friendly service. Would stay again but would benefit from a makeover. ,Date of stay: October 2017,3.0
719,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or715-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Basic Hotel Centrally Located,"This hotel is as basic as it gets, nothing special to tell.  It is centrally located walking distance to Hyde Park.  It's dark, and a very tiny bathroom.   The best part is there is a Costa Coffee connected to the main lobby!",Date of stay: October 2017,3.0
720,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or720-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,NFL visit,"Stayed here as park of a package I'd booked through Thomas Cook Sport  Hotel Average, personally disappointed due to the price I'd paid for the package was expecting more. £37 to park your car 😳 and WIFI isn't included ",Date of stay: September 2017,3.0
721,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or720-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Yet another mixed bag!!!,A smart looking hotel well located in Central London. Check in pretty efficient with pleasant staff.  Room however disappointing considering the cost.  Curtains that were extremely difficult to open and close. No hairdryer in room - rang reception was told that there was!!! There definitely wasn't and the offer to send one up didn't eventuate. The service in the bar was appallingly slow and to add to insult a discretionary service charge was added - which I insisted was removed straight away!!! On the eighth floor and the water pressure from the sink was ridiculously low with a virtual trickle emanating and the shower not much better. Almost impossible to rinse the shampoo out of your hair afterwards. All in all quite disappointing for a high priced hotel - and room only at…,Date of stay: September 2017,3.0
722,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or720-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Poor,"I thought Hilton were supposed to be decent? Premier inn is actually a far better experience at a fraction of the cost. Very poor breakfast, not one item stood out as reasonable. The room, wow, a small uncomfortable bed, felt like a room in a caravan.",Date of stay: September 2017,1.0
723,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or720-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Great hotel for business ,"I stayed here earlier this month whilst my company hosted an event at the nearby Olympia Centre.. 200m walk..   Great location for the expo hall and near the overground station and a few pubs and restaurants..   Nice hotel, clean and spacious room, good staff, lovely breakfast and a good bar to host meetings, friends, dine etc.. ",Date of stay: September 2017,4.0
724,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or720-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,My Stay Turned Out Fabulous,"When I arrived at the hotel Monday morning from a long 8 hour flight, all I wanted to do was shower & take a nap. Once I got into the room, it was extremely warm. I called guest services & the tech stated that the air was broken. I went to another room & was no better. I met with the manager Jacob & stated that he would make it right.  While I was eating lunch that Jacob psid for,  hr put me in a larger room in a different location & he tested the air. Once I got into my 1 king bed room, my experience went UP from there. Jacob left 2 bottles of red wine in my room. Housekeeping stopped by the room to see if i was ok. My room was always cleaned when I came back into the room. Concierge Tim made my stay. He scheduled all of my sightseeing tours. He provided recommendations for…",Date of stay: September 2017,5.0
725,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or725-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Excellent location and service in a rundown hotel rooms,"I have stayed in the this several times, staff are very friendly and accommodating, breakfast is very good, beds are clean and comfortable, location is top and classy and safe, lots of walk to parks, especially near by Holland Park. The hotel in general is very run down, rooms especially. Nothing new or recently renovated. Many appliances are functioning or broken, carpets smell old and even coming off the floor. Some bathroom smell as well, I have reported that. ",Date of stay: September 2017,4.0
726,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or725-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Raven fans,We went to the UK to watch the NFL game and had a wonderful time .The Olympia Hilton is located in a nice neighborhood .close to bus line and not a long walk to tube station .it could use a little updating new furniture in the lounge area .The furniture is a little tattered and the carpet could use a cleaning.But the breakfast buffet is good large selection ,Date of stay: September 2017,5.0
727,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or725-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Mixed emotions ,"I have mixed emotions about this hotel. One would assume that, due to it being a Hilton and being located on Kensington High Street, that the quality of the property would be fantastic. Well, this was not our first impression. After checking in, we utilized the lift and were a bit surprised to see black tape over portions of the panel. Overlooking this eyesore, we proceeded to our 4th floor room only to walk in and find a huge portion of the wallpaper pulled back right at the entrance. Upon inspection, the back side of the wallpaper was covered in black mold, as was the adjoining wall by the bed. The bathroom was totally unsanitary as well, with black mold covering the flange where the toilet meets the floor. Prior to unpacking, I made a trip to the reception desk and brought…",Date of stay: September 2017,3.0
728,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or725-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Quite possibly the worst Hilton in the franchise,"every room I stayed in that hotel is completely worn out. It is bordered on three sides by a busy road way, and none of the windows offer any kind of sound insulation. It's simply appears that the owner of this hotel has never spent any money on any upgrades",Date of stay: September 2017,1.0
729,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or725-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Just average. ,clean and free wifi with excellent breakfast.  BUT the rooms are very tired and felt more like an old ibis than a Hilton.  Bathroom was very dated with bits peeling off. Bedroom was ok. Bed comfy and clean.  Whole hotel after the ground floor Needs a makeover pretty quick.  Can't fault the service tho. Also location is good. Easy access to train and conference centres etc. ,Date of stay: September 2017,3.0
730,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or730-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Terrible stay at Hilton London Olympia!,"Firstly, trying to book via the mobile was hard in itself.  There was definitely a language issue which caused difficulty.  We finally managed to book an Executive double room, although the cost was £310 reduced to £302.82 with Hilton Honours. I then asked if the range rover sport with height dimensions would fit into the carpark.  I was transferred to a gentleman who did not have a clue what I was asking for.  We have stayed at Olympia before but had a Land Rover Discovery which would not fit into the carpark, but the range rover is somewhat smaller when lowered.  Anyway in the end we just had to wait until we got there to try it as the gentleman did not understand the question.  The sign on the carpark said we would not be able to fit the car in, but when we assessed it there…",Date of stay: September 2017,1.0
731,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or730-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,OK'ish,"If you are looking for a large room with a view avoid 426, as this is a small double with opaque glass that conceals no view (see photos). The bed is comfortable and the bathroom was shower over tub has good water pressure and is well lit, as well as being on the small side.  Housekeeping requires attention - returned late afternoon and the room has not been serviced.  Returned later to find dirty towels left in bathroom (clean ones had been left), and no replenishment of the tea tray.  A call to reception quickly remedied the issues.  The staircase from the 2nd to 3rd floor (outside the executive lounge) is in dire need of cleaning.  In terms of location, public transport is close by if you don't mind walking, as the Olympia station has restricted services which may prove…",Date of stay: September 2017,3.0
732,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or730-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Normal Hilton standard,Hilton London Olympia hotel is very common Hilton hotel. Everything is in condition and service is good enough. There is nothing special so it's not worth of 5 stars.  My room is a little bit old fashioned and would make some facelifts but I don't have any problems. Breakfast is including my price and it is quite good one. Hilton Olympia is just few hundreds meters away from the Olympia congress center and it's the best place to stay if you going to have event in Olympia. ,Date of stay: September 2017,4.0
733,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or730-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Room with a view,"Booked a single but was upgraded to executive double as a Diamond member. A pleasant light and airy room overlooking Olympia Halls where I was attending an event. Although a busy area, the room was quiet from external noise. Comfortable bed, good sized bathroom with towels and toiletries supplied. Desk area with tea/coffee making and TV. Breakfast was taken in the Executive Lounge which was a quiet haven compared with previous visits in the busy restaurant. Less choice but I was pleasantly surprised with the availability of a few hot items. Pleasant staff and good accommodation make this hotel worth returning to in the future.",Date of stay: August 2017,4.0
734,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or730-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"A simple, slightly dated, Hilton",So the Hilton Kensington and Hilton Olympia are close - and I mixed them up!  Hotel corridors look very dated and rooms are very small with single glazed windows.   The beds were very comfy and the offering in the Exec lounge was nice. Labels on food would help.,Date of stay: September 2017,3.0
735,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or735-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Probably the worst Hilton in London ,"Stayed here for a night on business when everything else seemed full. I won't be back. Dated, dirty, poorly maintained and just simply awful. Oh and did I mention overpriced? And I was in a king executive room so can't think what the rest is like. I won't be back.",Date of stay: September 2017,1.0
736,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or735-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,It's alright,For £300 a night this place needs a lot spending on it. Communal areas are tired as are the rooms. Staff are all friendly and the breakfast is pretty good. Crap gym. Decent on site Costa. Wouldn't stay again ,Date of stay: September 2017,3.0
737,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or735-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Good Value for Money,"The Piccadilly Line is 15 minutes walk, and the ride is about 10 to the heart of the city!  I don't know what more to ask for such a great value hotel in London!   Staff was helpful which always enhance the stay!",Date of stay: September 2017,4.0
738,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or735-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Vile, grotty & very worn",I have to say that this is sadly the state for most Hilton hotels in this part of London. It is tires very dirty & worn around the edges & certainly better hotels for the same or less money are available. It may look like it is on Kensington High Street but it is a 10 walk to either tube station (Kensington High Street or Hammersmith) the one at Olympia is only very occasionally open.  The room was tiny & the bathroom grotty with a well worn shower curtain. We turned off our air conditioning but it periodically turned itself back on. Maintenance had to come to disconnect it completely.  The window in our room was not double glazed & the traffic could be heard as if the window was open we tried to close vents but they didn't close. Avoid this hotel if you need a good nights…,Date of stay: August 2017,1.0
739,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or735-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,BEST LOCATION,in the middle of everything. come out and turn left u have high street Kensigton. turn right and u can go to Hammersmith. everything within 10min walk or u can take the bus. cant ask for a better location. But the hotel is old. rooms average. although very clean. staff is friendly. Its a ok hotel to stay.,Date of stay: August 2017,3.0
740,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or740-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,A good experience,"Our last trip to this hotel was in the late 90's and the improvements are great. WE enjoyed our stay and found the hotel offered good value for money, facilities much improved  and would return in the future if the opportunity arose.",Date of stay: September 2017,4.0
741,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or740-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Faded and in need of refurbishment,"This hotel has excellent staff and management but is let down by faded and decor, floorcovering and paint finishes. It has slipped well behind other similar scale hotels in the local area. The location next to Olympia should make it a flagship of the Hilton group but it very far from that. It looks and feels like  the last time it had a makeover was well before was well before the smoking ban.",Date of stay: September 2017,3.0
742,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or740-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,OK hotel,Needs upgrade to rooms which are old but location is fine and rooms are clean. Beds are very comfy. Breakfast is fine and bar on 2nd flor is also good. Would stay again but only because of location the rooms needs an upgrade to more modern standards,Date of stay: August 2017,3.0
743,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or740-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,London Calling (again!),"Have stayed in many hotels in London Town over the years and this is one of the best so far. Great staff, Nice rooms, excellent complimentary breakfast and cocktail lounge if you're a Hilton Honors member. Very enjoyable 3 night stay. My only issue was that its location is not close to the tube which is usually my preferred method of transport in London and the High Street Kensington station was like a mile away even though the hotel was located on the high street so my fault for not checking. There is an overground station (Kensington Olympia) just around the corner about 2. Blocks away and there are bus stops right across the street so getting around just takes a bit of figuring out the routes but other than that I very highly recommend this location!",Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
744,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or740-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Just basic, needs improvement.","My non-smoking room stank of stale smoke. I am assuming it was because the windows in the room were able to open and I suspect the last guests were smoking out the window (which never works). To be fair, I did not report this to reception, so I am not sure how they would have dealt with the issue. I was too busy to deal with moving rooms anyway, and instead opened the windows to hopefully clear out the awful smell in the room. It was still there by the next morning, but it seemed to subside by the following day. The staff should certainly be more attentive to the state of rooms and aware of such issues. I shouldn't have to go through the trouble of pointing out that a room smells of stale smoke. The rooms are shabby and desperately in need of updating. The shower head would not…",Date of stay: August 2017,2.0
745,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or745-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Hilton Olympia,"This hotel was very nice in general. However, the House Keeping aspect was very unsatisfactory. I had many issues with this and did alert the front desk. Cleaning was very substandard. They also unplugged my fridge on multiple occasions. The front desk was very responsive and helped me. The Executive Lounge staff was awesome as well, as was the Concierge desk. Good hotel, nice location, but very weak on housekeeping.",Date of stay: August 2017,3.0
746,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or745-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Really disappointing for a Hilton!,"Check-in was ok apart from there not being a clear queue system for the reception desk so some lovely bloke tried to push in.   When I got to my room there was a desk fan on the floor outside so I was thinking there may be an issue with the heat in the room. Well I was right! The air con was broken and the room was very hot. I phoned reception straight away and asked if someone can sort it. Reception called back in 5 mins and said it was broken so I asked if I could move rooms. I got told quite strongly that this was not possible, so tough I was to put up with it. So I went down to reception to ask to speak to a manager and explained the room heat was not acceptable and there must be another free room in a hotel this size. Surprise surprise there was another room free and he…",Date of stay: August 2017,2.0
747,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or745-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Good but rooms need modernising,"Some things about this hotel are good or very good. The staff are friendly and helpful,the executive lounge excellent, the location great. But some aspects need a refurb. My room aircon was not very effective, the double bed was small for two, and the bathroom definitely below par. The sink was badly cracked and the water pressure weak. The  shower (in the bath) was too low to stand under unless I bent my head .",Date of stay: August 2017,3.0
748,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or745-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Hmmm,"A friend and myself booked this hotel because we were attending a show at Hammersmith Apollo on the Friday night and a convention on the Saturday morning at the Olympia so this hotel made sense. I booked a twin room for the most reasonable price I could find (£119) but soon received an email and an update of the Hilton Honors app that we had been upgraded to a King executive. Great but we wanted a twin room so I called the hotel and they confirmed that the so called ""king executive"" was in fact a twin room. I even said ""does it definitely have two beds?"" To which the response was ""yes don't worry, there are two beds"" Arrived on the Friday afternoon around 5:30 and checked in no problem, once again reception confirmed that the room was a twin. Went up to the room, kind size bed.…",Date of stay: August 2017,3.0
749,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or745-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,A great time at the restaurant/cafe!,"We didn't stay at the hotel but we met some friends at the bar to have some food and drinks. The experience was great, the atmosphere was brilliant and the specials of the day were delicious.  The service was really helpful with the recommendations and very friendly.   Looking forward to coming back soon.",Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
750,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or750-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Lovely midweek break,"Have recently spent 5 days at the hotel. Staff excellent and very friendly,, always have time to pass time of day. Breakfast excellent with lots of choice.  Only quibble is the shower, bit small and i am under 5 feet so must be very difficult for taller people.Very good area for museums etc.",Date of stay: August 2017,4.0
751,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or750-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Lovely hotel, but badly let down by cooked breakfast offerings.","Not stayed at this Hilton Hotel before. Booked hotel for a 1 night stay, and upgraded to an executive bedroom for an additional cost of £43. Road noise not really a problem, as double glazing. Our room overlooked a railway line, which great for me as a railway enthusiast! Room spacious with king size bed.  We utilised the executive lounge from 6pm to about 7.30pm to take advantage of food, snacks, and alcoholic drinks. Everything about the lounge was excellent, with fantastic service from the friendly staff. One of the best have ever experienced - well done.  We went for a full breakfast in the restaurant, rather than the continental offered in the executive lounge. Sat down about 8am. Again staff service from the cheerful waiters/waitresses was excellent with frequent top ups…",Date of stay: August 2017,4.0
752,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or750-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,A comfortable stay,"We stayed here for 3 nights and enjoyed the experience. The staff were very friendly and helpful, being polite and courteous. We were able to check in online before we arrived and this gave us the opportunity to choose which room we wanted to stay in. We stayed on the fifth floor in a room at the front of the hotel - even though the hotel is on a main road, the sound of the traffic was minimal and did not disrupt us at all. The room was spacious, clean and relaxing, with good furniture as well as an iron, ironing board, hairdryer and safe.  We paid extra for breakfast, which was excellent and well worth the money. The staff were attentive and made us feel very welcome. There was an excellent choice of food, from full cooked to fresh fruit and continental. It really set us up for…",Date of stay: August 2017,4.0
753,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or750-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel,Nice hotel in a fairly good location. Staff are great and there is a nice ambience.  Pleasant bar for a drink.  Rooms are spacious with the usual facilities. Nice comfortable bed and a good nights sleep  ,Date of stay: August 2017,4.0
754,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or750-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Shabby - Needs refurbishment but staff are very helpful. Ask for Executive Room.,"The only reason this hotel gets a 3 instead of a 2, is it's dedicated and friendly staff.   The lobby looks modern enough, but step onto the elevator and you'll begin to see the problems - slow to non-existent wifi, threadbare carpets, wood trim that is badly gouged (come on, Hilton - at least in common areas you can paint or clean this up).   Don't even waste your Hhonors points - stay at another property until this one is refurbished unless you have a compelling reason to stay here.  Executive Lounge: Has a fantastic spread during happy hour. Worth the extra money - for the food AND the decent internet speed.  Coffee Shop:  A door under the stairs in the lobby let's you into this gem where you can get a decent spot of tea or coffee. On the corner is a pharmacy with reasonable…",Date of stay: August 2017,3.0
755,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or755-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Hotel needs renovation ,Rooms are worn and doesn't feel fresh and carpets are very dirty. The staff is overall very nice. Lucky we meet so many nice working at the hotel because otherwise the hotel is shameful for the brand Hilton ,Date of stay: August 2017,2.0
756,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or755-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Needs refurbishment,"The hotel is in a great location,but without any car par (free) on site (they charge £37/24h!!!!) I had to find another cheaper alternative to park my car. It needs a good TLC, you can tell that it hasn't been refurbished in a long time,the carpets are old,the handle of the window of my room was almost coming apart when I tried to open it. It needs a new fresh paint coat everywhere to bring it back to life.",Date of stay: August 2017,3.0
757,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or755-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Very Comfortable,"We started and ended our 2 week European vacation at the Hilton Olympia hotel as recommended by our travel company. We could not have been more happy!  The rooms were clean and spacious enough for us to spread out a bit and not feel cramped. They offered washcloths, not typical for European hotels, and bathtubs.   We had the breakfast and room service at 3am (thank you jet-lag) and both were quite good and staff was very attentive.   Overall hotel was clean, very friendly and gave us a great start and finish to our trip! ",Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
758,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or755-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Great location fit the Albert hall,Going to the proms. Great location less than 10 mins by taxi .Hotel lobby was lovely and staff very friendly and helpful . No problem with early check in . Room was lovely if a little dated. Bathroom could do with an overhaul cracked tiles a little off putting .,Date of stay: June 2017,3.0
759,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or755-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,OK visit after complaint! ,On arrival hotel seems OK but once checked in and went to room it wasn't that nice. Given room 160. Opened door to a horrible smell (foodie/fishy) opened window to a racket of traffic so we couldn't hear TV and had to close window. Air-conditioning may have been the problem but who knows! The safe didn't work it came up with an error. Decor seriously outdated (looked like 1990's). There was huge chips in the bath and shower curtain too small to stay in Bath and keep water in. To top it all off the fire exit door the employees where using to go up and down the stairs kept banging so loudly the front door kept vibrating.  I spoke to a lovely woman on the front desk the next morning (Mary)  and she up graded us. Better room all round. It's worth telling the hotel if your not happy…,Date of stay: August 2017,3.0
760,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or760-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Very comfortable stay but unfortunately a slight slip in standards,"This is the third time we have stayed in the Hilton Olympia while we worked at the Great British Beer Festival. We found the reception staff extremely helpful and friendly on arrival. Our room was overlooking the back of the hotel which was fine because in previous visits we have overlooked the main road which can be very noisy. As before the breakfast was lovely with so much choice. The staff in the restaurant were fantastic, nothing was too much trouble for them We have had a fantastic stay and we are already looking forward to our stay next year. I have to agree with some of the other reviews about the cleanliness. I did notice that our bathroom wasn't cleaned to the same standards as before. The bottom sheet on our bed wasn't straightened for the six nights that we were…",Date of stay: August 2017,4.0
761,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or760-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,one night away,"I chose this hotel for location.exellent customer service skills from staff.great room and breakfast.i went on from the Hilton to a rival hotel group for roughly the same price.I found the Hilton superior in every sense, and would return and recommend to others",Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
762,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or760-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"""Good location, helpful staff, rooms NOT up to the Hilton standards""","What I liked:  The first  day we stayed in a room that had a bad smell. It hadn't had enough space for our luggages and it was very small. We made a request for changing room. The second room was better, but the bad smell was still there. Moreover, the bath products (shampoo, hair conditionner, soap) were not enough for 2 people.   What I didn't like: The hotel is very close to public transports (bus stations, tube) and also very close to the centre. It is located in a safe region. Close to the hotel there is ""Costa Coffee"", where you can find everything you want to eat of drink. Moreover, the staff was very polite and helpful.",Date of stay: August 2017,2.0
763,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or760-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,good location,Breakfast was really good and variety to choose. Rooms were ok for our family. Nice location if you want to stay near Kensington Underground station. Hotel location is very pleasant and quite neighborhood.,Date of stay: July 2017,4.0
764,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or760-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Fantastic value,Staff were amazing. It was my daughters birthday and they made it extra special for her. Breakfast is always amazing at a Holton and the rewards scheme is very much worth having. Extremely satisfied with my stay. ,Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
765,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or765-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Good Location,"West London hotel well located to get about London. Rooms had everything you could need. Staff very pleasant and helpful. Room had air con, but it was not needed during to the weather being poor. However if you disabled there is stairs to negotiate.",Date of stay: August 2017,4.0
766,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or765-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"The staff are fantastic, friendly and welcoming","There are more modern hotels in the area, however, I'll continue to use this hotel every week due to the staff.  I'm away each week on business and the staff make my time away from gone far more comfortable.",Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
767,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or765-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Another good stay,"This is an older hotel, and the building shows its age compared with other Hiltons in London. But the room was comfortable, the aircon worked well, and the WiFi was efficient. Most of all, the staff were friendly and helpful throughout. Very good breakfast too. ",Date of stay: August 2017,4.0
768,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or765-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Amazing stay,Stayed here for birthday celebration my dad booked hotel for us hotel was amazing room was really nice and big little things they did for our birthdays was amazing and lovely breakfast was nice and tasty lots of choice only downfall was bathroom ceiling was low that i kept putting tiles through when i was in shower and air con didnt really work want to thank roxanne who my dad spoke to regarding getting stuff put in our room ,Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
769,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or765-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Poor unloved city hotel.,"This hotel is located in Kensington, very close to Holland Park, London Olympia and the Design Museum. There are also a few underground stations which are in walking distance (Holland Park, Kensington Olympia and High Street Kensington).   First impressions of the hotel are good. The lobby is nice, the staff on the front desk are lovely and check in was smooth.   Unfortunately the rooms are old and in dire need of some attention. There are signs of wear and tear everywhere, scuff marks, torn wallpaper and stains on the carpets. The rooms do also have a slightly musty smell, more like damp than cigarettes, however i didn't find it to be overpowering. Bed is classic hilton comfy and the bathroom had nice tiling.   The executive lounge here looks nice and seems to have been…",Date of stay: August 2017,2.0
770,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or770-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Not good!,The reservation was wrong leading us to have to put up with a camp bed. This left no room to walk around unless you are a circus act. Staff abrasive and unhelpful in regards to this. Shame as the location is spot on for my needs.,Date of stay: July 2017,2.0
771,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or770-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Here for London Film and Comic Con,We have stayed here before.I really like this hotel.My son was tired so as a treat I booked this hotel.The staff are all friendly.The rooms are big.The bathrooms are lovely.Room Service is of a high standard. The location is great.Kensington is a lovely area.You can get buses and taxis right outside and its great for Olympia. Breakfast is pretty special too.,Date of stay: July 2017,4.0
772,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or770-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Outdated and funky smelling.,If you love the smell of cigarettes then go ahead! Upon arrival we complained to which they said they'd send a cleaner there.. Pretty sure she just opened the window.. I can get by with a little smell but as soon as you entered the room it hits you!!! Definitely not safe either.. Needs to be a better locking system on the windows!,Date of stay: July 2017,1.0
773,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or770-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Weekend stay at Olympia,"Stayed 4 nights at the Hilton Olympia and was pleased with the hotel. My brother and I were in London for an event at the Olympia and mum there for the sites. The staff are beyond nice, especially the concierge and Samir in breakfast. The rooms we were given (1 single and 1 twin) were spacious, having plenty of space. Had breakfast included, this was very good and there was a wide variety to choose from. My only gripes are that the loo flushes extremely loudly and the wifi was patchy, it worked well on my mobile phone, but on my iPad, it was like you had to be near the door to be connected. Other than that, my stay was enjoyable and I would return.",Date of stay: July 2017,4.0
774,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or770-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Two days is good,"I stayed here on business because it was recommended and because it is a 5 minute walk from the London office where I was working from.  The lobby and restaurant were modern, clean and gave me a great first impression.  However, when I got to my room and saw it, I was disappointed.  The room was very dated and small.  The view was just as bad.  I could deal with it for 2 days.  However, I then quickly learned that the wireless was poor at best, room service and the food mediocre and the tv didn't work.  They also didn't have universal plugs or adapters to accommodate my devices.  On the positive side, the breakfast had a great variety and the food was good.  The service in the restaurant was also good.  The front desk attendants were also very friendly.",Date of stay: July 2017,3.0
775,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or775-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Very convenient for event at Olympia,"I recently stayed here as I was attending a weekend event at the Olympia in London. This was literally 5 minutes on foot from the hotel which was excellent. The hotel was clean and staff were very pleasant and friendly, particularly concierge. The room was very spacious and the bathroom was particularly nice and quiet large. Check-in and check-out was very quick and easy. The only issue really was when my sister and I checked in, the lady on reception attempted to charge us an extra £30 'in case' we decided that we would use room service during our stay. Luckily my sister was 'on the ball' and said no and questioned it, otherwise I fear we would have been charged this on top of our room. Apart from this, great location and no real problems at all.",Date of stay: July 2017,4.0
776,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or775-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,An excellent couple of nights,"Really enjoyed my stay here, I was upgraded to a very nice suite upon arrival, which considering I booked my stay using points, was a terrific deal, access to the executive lounge, because of status, was an absolute boon, just enough tasty food, and free drinks to keep the wolf from the door😊I look forward to returning.",Date of stay: July 2017,5.0
777,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or775-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Ideally located,"If your attending anything at the Olympia in London, this hotel is ideally situated and offers excellent value (excluding the bar, which can be a rip-off if you're not careful, but that is true in all London hotels I've stayed in)",Date of stay: July 2017,4.0
778,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or775-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"GOOD HILTON, NOTHING EXCEPTIONAL","Really, it is not the best place (geographically speaking) to stay in London but it is quiet and not too far from the sub. Rooms and services are regular. The executive lounge is good with a reasonable variety.  The concierges desserve an exceptional note! They are (all of them) very helpful and well informed.",Date of stay: June 2017,4.0
779,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or775-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Olympia weekend,"Good points - staff, location, bar, restaurant, food, front desk  Bad points - room service don't answer the phone, knowingly allocated low quality room, bathroom ceiling very low, (literally you can't lift your arms to wash your hair in the shower) dated rooms, window didn't shut   We booked for 2 nights for Comic Con at the Olympia. Perfect location. So we arrived, checked in and went up to our room on the third floor. Walked in and hit with huge disappointment at how small it was, how musty it smelt, and the view of an old dirty derelict petrol station. After 10 minutes we decided that we couldn't stay in there after what we'd paid, especially for 2 nights. We called reception who asked us to come down to change our room. The guy on the desk gave us a new room on the same…",Date of stay: July 2017,3.0
780,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or780-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Another comfortable stay in Executive room,It is worth the extra for an executive room. The executive lounge has complimentary nibbles and alcohol with comp breakfast without the bun fight in the main restaurant for breakfast (long wait there).,Date of stay: July 2017,4.0
781,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or780-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Good business stay,"I was in town for business and found this Hilton to be very convenient for everything associated with my trip, close to Paddington Station, the conference and good restaurants. The staff was very friendly, both front staff and housekeeping. The room was very clean and comfortable. Definitely recommend and would stay again.",Date of stay: May 2017,4.0
782,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or780-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Older but very friendly hotel,"I've read the mixed reviews and have stayed in a lot of Hiltons so understand some of the comparisons but it really depends on what you are looking for.   Location - very close to the Exhibition centre so great if you need to be there.  Bus stops outside take you to Kensington, Covent Garden etc amongst others albeit quite a long journey but if you are not in a hurry sit up the top and take in the view.  15 mins to walk to Earls Court tube where you can get the tube for £2.50 to Heathrow and Kew Gardens in one direction - Tower of London the other - all less than 1 hr from hotel so only a problem if you are the sort of person who wants to pop back to the hotel during the day rather than be out all day!.  Having worked in London for what seemed like a lifetime it can take that…",Date of stay: July 2017,4.0
783,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or780-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Too far from the Tube,"This is a clean, neat hotel with good clean rooms. The staff are very friendly and helpful.  I  had an issue with my room and it was solved quickly with an upgraded room.  The biggest issue is its location.  The nearest Tube station is a good 15-20 minute walk away.  This makes it inconvenient for using as a base of operations for sightseeing in London.  There are no good restaurants near the hotel.  You have to walk almost back to the Tube stations to find anything to eat.  If you don't have access to a car or don't mind the walk to the Tube, pick a different hotel.   There is a bus stop just outside the hotel which takes you to the Tube station (or further) but I prefer quicker access to the Tube.",Date of stay: July 2017,3.0
784,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or780-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Convenient for Olympia,"Great location for Olympia, just a few minutes walk. Room rather small and a bit tired Shower not good. Couldn't manage to mix cold water with hot ! Bar area is good but service was slow. The attached Costa a joke, more staff needed!",Date of stay: July 2017,3.0
785,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or785-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Hilton,We stayed for two weeks. The concierge had limited knowledge. Internet connection was poor. Limited food variety in executive lounge. Staff in exec lounge very personable. Fish and chips in Society restaurant tasteless.,Date of stay: July 2017,3.0
786,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or785-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Very good,"I stayed here last night after spending the day at Pure trade show, it was very busy the service in the bar/ restaurant was excellent, very friendly and efficient staff, again at breakfast the staff were very helpful and friendly, the room was ok if a tad tried looking but quite.",Date of stay: July 2017,4.0
787,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or785-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Rooms in need of some TLC,The hotel was generally ok for a one night stay. The rooms need updating but are ok. Breakfast was a bit hectic and the breakfast area was overwhelmed by rude oriental people but the breakfast itself was very good,Date of stay: June 2017,3.0
788,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or785-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Alright,Hotel lobby was well kept. Some of the housekeeping in the rooms fell below what was expected as I found stubble on the bathroom sink counter. The chairs in the room were grubby and need to be changed out. Would not sit in them. Breakfast was fantastic and one of the better I've had but service in the bar was non-existent. I will be staying at another Hilton when I return. Alright in general.,Date of stay: July 2017,3.0
789,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or785-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Average rooms, Wonderful staff","The staff at this hotel are so lovely, especially Samir in the restaurant and Marie on reception who are extremely attentive and customer service focused. The breakfast selection was amazing - so much choice compared with other hotels! The public areas here are so clean and well presented, but it just seems a bit bizarre that the corridors above and rooms seem equal to that of a travelodge?? They weren't the Hilton standards that I expected, but the extremely lovely staff and public areas of this hotel is what saved this review. I don't like to be negative so I won't dwell on how disappointed I was with the room, but perhaps in the future some sort of refurbishment could be looked at - only then would we happily return :)",Date of stay: July 2017,3.0
790,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or790-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Wallet adventures,Ok. This is a mixed one. Great location .  Great staff. Well trained. They found my wallet in the lobby dropped a note through my door and were very professional. Whoever handed it in lifted20 euro from it but that's my own fault. 😀  Room was a throwback to the 70s. Iron was ok. Internet decent.  Didn't have breakfast.  I really came for the hilton points.  Not sure I would stay again although the staff are great.  The bat looked nice but closed at 11. Lobby not amazing...,Date of stay: July 2017,3.0
791,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or790-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Not up to Hilton Standards," Good location, bed was terrible with a thin mattress that seem to have springs that squeaked. The toilet leaked and you had to flush it several times. The sink had a crack in the shower ceiling was about 6'2""   Overall not a Hilton quality hotel, but rather a low-budget hotel. The staff was pleasant enough. I had very little interaction with them. ",Date of stay: July 2017,1.0
792,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or790-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Great one night stay,"Apologies for the late review, my wife and I stayed here late last year to attend a baby show just next door. the location is perfect for this sort of thing and the overground train very close by too.  Emailed the hotel as this was a special stay for us and we received an upgrade to the largest room/suite on site. Upon arrival there were flowers and soft drinks waiting in the room, our baby was due in a matter of weeks after this and the thoughtful effort was just a lovely touch. Barbara, am sure I emailed but thanks again for arranging both the upgrade and welcome gifts.  The room even though a suite it was looking a little old compared to modern hotels but the space was great. also great Value on this particular stay, when I look at London hotel prices the Hilton Olympia…",Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
793,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or790-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,BAD SERVICE,"Bad service, no respect for people money, terrible experience absolute wast of money. no help with baby care lost in transit is the feeling in the hotel. as good as staying in a hostel. food was good, even coctail were amazing",Date of stay: July 2017,1.0
794,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or790-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Good location, great service",When we first arrived our stay got off to a rough start.  The wifi in our room wouldn't work.  After a short conversation with the IT people the hotel arranged to move us to a new room with a great internet connection.  We really appreciated the service.  The new room had a minor problem with a window but that was quickly fixed.   We were quite happy with the new room and it was very comfortable for our 3 night stay.   The hotel is in need of a renovation as it doesn't seem to meet the hilton standards but it is an older hotel and the staff do go out of their way to help.  The executive lounge is on the smaller size and the food/drink area in the lounge is in a very small corner.  If the lounge is busy at all it quickly becomes a bottle neck.  Overall we enjoyed our stay at…,Date of stay: July 2017,4.0
795,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or795-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Getting a bit tired,"Stayed here for a total of six nights pre and post a Europe tour. Location is great and staff and meals are excellent but the hotel is very old and tired. The foyer is reasonable but the lifts are old, corridors are dated, floorboards are creaky and there are lots of steps to negotiate. The air-con in the room is difficult to adjust, hot water can take a long time to reach the room and the WiFi in the rooms can be a bit flaky. One of the rooms offered to me on the 5th. floor was tiny and the WiFi didn't work; was moved to another on the 8th. which was better but the view was quite sad.",Date of stay: June 2017,3.0
796,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or795-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Needs some work,"This hotel is one I have no choice but to stay. It definitely needs up dated. The beds are uncomfortable. It's hit or miss with a refrigerator in your room, and the wifi is weak. The entire hotel is quirky and not in a good way.   My advice to the Hiltons? Blow it up and build a real Hilton. ",Date of stay: July 2017,2.0
797,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or795-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel fast friendly service,"We stayed here for one night to go see a show, car park was very secure, check in was fast and very friendly staff, very helpful.  Room was nice bed comfy, only problem was window didn't close properly but didn't call anyone as was late when we got back. Had a lovely nights sleep after a very busy day.  Had breakfast next morning and was so much to choose from, made it a very lovely weekend in London and the show was brilliant",Date of stay: July 2017,4.0
798,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or795-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Lovely staff . . . but awful hotel,"Despite the location and price, I was so disappointed by my stay here. My room was musty-smelling and thick with dust, and the decor looked as though it hadn't been updated (or cleaned) since the 1970s - drab and depressing. My room service tray stayed uncollected outside my door for a full 24 hours, and housekeeping failed to service my room on my second day so the dust continued to get thicker. On informing reception, they offered to send someone up, but this was hardly a viable option when I'd just returned to my room at 8pm at night, after a long day. So I declined - but this message didn't seem to get through to housekeeping, who tried to barge into my room 20 minutes later, despite the 'Do Not Disturb' sign I'd put on the door.   I frequently stay in Hilton hotels on…",Date of stay: July 2017,1.0
799,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or795-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Excellent Hotel & excellent staff,"Stayed at the Hilton Olimpia for 4 nights.  We were able to check in 3 hours early for no extra charge. The room was spotless and very comfortable, it had everything you would need Air con and this was a blessing due to the brilliant warm weather, also a hairdryer, iron, iron board, safe, tea & coffee etc. Breakfast was excellent and the choice and quality was outstanding, the staff are lovely friendly and very attentive to your needs. You could see there was a good sense of team work as the staff looked happy to be there. The location is excellent we stayed so we could be near Hyde park for the summer festivals and we were able to walk up Kensington High St, to Hyde park.   We will definitely stay here again!",Date of stay: July 2017,5.0
800,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or800-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Overnight stay after concert,Well positioned for concert at Apollo quiet for a large hotel very welcoming although if we hadnt gone through Tesco Clubcard we would have thought a bit expensive.Excellent breakfast & all staff very helpful.,Date of stay: July 2017,4.0
801,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or800-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Great stay ,"Myself & boyfriend stayed here for the night of my graduation. We arrived and the staff were nothing but helpful. I have to mention one person in particular - Mary, the front desk supervisor she had fantastic customer service and the extra touches she arranged really did make it a stay to remember - I can't thank her enough. Everywhere was spotless and the room was lovely and comfortable. Thank you Hilton for a great stay. X",Date of stay: July 2017,5.0
802,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or800-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Disappointing  for a Hilton hotel,"Stayed here for Wimbledon but wasn't actually the easiest as station as the underground to Kensington Olympia doesn't run on weekdays .  The good things- friendly and polite staff in all areas.  The public areas are nicely decorated  The breakfast was excellent  So the dissapointment - step out of the lift and you are met with dark brown drab paint, scruffy carpets and a warren of rooms to find yours. This hotel definitely needs a serious upgrade as it does not justify the price. The room has bad lighting, outdated bathroom and drab and scruffy decoration, however the bed was clean and comfortable Would not stay here again",Date of stay: July 2017,3.0
803,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or800-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Great Way to Settle into Central London from Heathrow,"Save on transport into Central London. Take an inexpensive ride on the Picadilly Line from Heathrow. Olympia is just a 5 minutes walk (.8 mile) from the Earl's Court tube station or a few minutes in a taxi. Drop your stuff at the hotel and walk up Kensington High Street to an entrance into Kensington Gardens near the Palace. Wander the gardens and Hyde Park until check-in. With that exercise and a good meal, you'll sleep well and be ready to go the next day. You're also near the Westfield Mall, Royal Albert Hall, Notting Hill and Holland Park with it's Kyoto Gardens. Free wifi for Hilton members. Front Desk is friendly and efficient.",Date of stay: April 2017,5.0
804,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or800-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Avoid: deeply disappointing,"Stayed here for work, and I am so glad that I personally didn't pay for the room, I would have been so disappointed.  The bar and restaurant area are nice, but the minute you step off the lift you are faced with dated, unclean, dark spaces.  The rooms my colleagues stayed in were of various sizes, shapes, darkness and general shabbiness. My air con did little than make a noise, the tv took a few minutes to change each channel, the sink was cracked and the carpets in need of a good clean. Several attempts to contact housekeeping or reception were unsuccessful. The queue at reception suggested several people had issues to be addressed.",Date of stay: July 2017,1.0
805,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or805-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Some good, some bad. ","Booked two nights when we attended the British Summertime Festival in Hyde Park.  London is famed for its public transport system but this hotel is not easy to get to by tube. To changes and a fair walk from Euston! Checked in and tried to find our room on the 8th floor. The hotel us like a rabbit warren with corridors and short sets of steps.   Eventually found the room and, as we walked along the corridor, there was a strong smell of stale cigarette smoke.  As a Hilton Honours member, I had registered a preference for non-smoking rooms.  We opened the door and the smell was even worse.  It was obvious that this floor was originally a smoking one and the residual smell was still lingering.  However the reception staff were very goo and we were moved to a different room on the…",Date of stay: July 2017,3.0
806,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or805-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,One of the worst hotels ever stayed in,Where do you start with this place. Room was meant to be executive. I've stayed in better student accommodation. Room was small dirty and set in the 70's. The bathroom was disgusting with a loud electric pump to make the toilet work! Corridors filthy and smelly. If you stand in the shower your head goes through the ceiling tiles. I wouldn't even rate this hotel 2 star and it is expensive too. I will let the photos do the talking.,Date of stay: July 2017,1.0
807,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or805-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Another excellent stay at a Hilton,"We always try to stay at a Hilton hotel if there's one in the area we are visiting. Always good quality, always good friendly and helpful service. As Honors members we are always warmly welcomed as well. ",Date of stay: July 2017,5.0
808,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or805-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Don't go near this place!,"Rooms are dated, grubby, dirty carpets, wallpaper hanging off, no mini bar, no bottled water, no soap, no slippers (housekeeping took 24 hours to provide these) aircon ineffective. Like a 1950's motel",Date of stay: July 2017,1.0
809,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or805-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Stay away unless you really need to stay close to Olympia exhibition-center,"This hotel is in need of refurbishing.I have stayed at the hotel once and that time I had to change room because of smell. The only reason I stayed at the hotel again ths time was because it's close to the Olympia exhibition-center.   When I checked in I got a room with... guess what? Smell. It smelled like an old cellar and it was humid. I got a new room, a smaller room with a small window. Ok'ish, but as a diamond it was strange to be downgraded.   Because I have som emedicines that have to be in e refridgerator AND because I have some allergies and intolerences, I need to use the minbar. This has never been a problem a any other hotel I have stayed at and I am traveling a lot. The minbar was locked and empty. When I asked to use it I was told it was impossible because I would…",Date of stay: July 2017,1.0
810,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or810-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Superb staff,"The staff at this hotel were excellent, they were friendly, helpful and efficient. We stayed there to attend Wimbledon but it wasn't the best location for that. However on the days we couldn't go ( no ticket) the staff were happy to let us watch on a large screen TV in the bar.",Date of stay: June 2017,5.0
811,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or810-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Overnight stay ,Don't bother. Whilst being convenient for where we wanted to be which was a plus. Would get a better nights sleep on the street. Wasn't worth the astronomical money that I paid. View was an air conditioning unit that went off all night walls were made of tissue could hear everything in all other rooms around us which were very loud. Beds look great but were rock hard and pillows evaporated when rested on. Basically awful book somewhere cheaper don't waste your money.,Date of stay: July 2017,1.0
812,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or810-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel for London,"This hotel was in a good location, close to public transportation.  The room was small, but clean.  The service was good and we were provided with a free cot for my son.  The elevators and the TV were not functioning well during our visit.",Date of stay: July 2017,4.0
813,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or810-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,July 17 visit,"Stayed here previously for visits to London and it was pretty good. This visit was from 4th to 6th of July for a trip to Wimbledon. As before to hotel is conveniently located and staff are responsive and helpful. Room, however, was very tired, on the front of the hotel so lots of road noise, air conditioning was pathetic and was the size of a shoe box. Will find an alternative for next year.",Date of stay: July 2017,2.0
814,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or810-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,About the Hilton,We exhibited at Olympia so location was perfect but hotel is tired and room was extremely small and defiantly needs updating looking very tired.  Parking charge is on top of the price which then makes hotel expensive.,Date of stay: July 2017,2.0
815,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or815-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Great place home away from home,One of my favorite places to stay in London.  Great location excellent staff and amazing breakfast.  You really get the whole package and my family has been going there for so many years for good reason! ,Date of stay: June 2017,5.0
816,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or815-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Nigel,"Booked 6 nights for busy round of meetings in London. First two days fine. But by second night the aircon broke down. Room an absolute sauna in London summer. Engineer visited three times and could not work out the problem. Eventually they said there was one other vacant room in the hotel. Packed up all my gear (six weeks on the road so imagine the suits etc). Moved it all down three flights myself. Room was sweltering. Concierge scratched his head and said 'Yes. Very hot. Must be problem here too.' So back up three flights, unpack everything again. Wedge door open with chair and open window. They send up tiny desk fan that rattled itself to pieces. Next morning (after no sleep) manager says we have a good room for you. See me when ready. Head out for 9am meetings, return at…",Date of stay: July 2017,1.0
817,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or815-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Good,We stay at least twice a year. Staff are friendly and helpful. Rooms are adequate not fantastic but clean. Breakfast has improved and even the Bacon is more edible .We would say the breakfast is better now than most chain hotels. Breakfast staff are excellent. bar is OK but staff need some training and wine list should be cheaper and better quality. French hotels would never serve up wine at that price and poor quality We are there twice a year fro several days and a drink before dinner is important to us.,Date of stay: July 2017,4.0
818,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or815-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Rubbish, embarrassment to Hilton brand","Booked via LastMinute.com early evening.  Phoned ahead to confirm booking but they could not do so. Waited 15 mins at check in. TV not working in room. Yes it's a bed for the night but not much more than that. Would not return. Avoid, you can do better for the money. ",Date of stay: July 2017,2.0
819,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or815-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Nice Hotel,"I stayed at the hotel as I was attending a convention at the Olympia Centre. The hotel is situated a 2 minute walk to Kensington Overground.  The lobby is modern and spacious with sofas and tables to relax in. There is free WIFI available in the lobby. There is a Costa Coffee located to the right of the lobby. There are 3 lifts to take you to various floors and a gym which is good but small. There is a bar on the 1st floor offering coffees to cocktails. Check in/out were amazingly quick and the staff were lovely.  The room was spacious and with a gorgeous marbled en-suite. The room had a fridge and desk and a lovely soft double bed.   On the first night, I ordered room service which was amazing. The chicken was moist, with mashed potatoes, spinach and gravy. I will warn that as…",Date of stay: March 2017,4.0
820,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or820-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"responsive, friendly, efficient staff","some rooms are quite small, but not unusual for European hotels. air worked well and room was fresh smelling with no perfumes (a fact a really appreciate). staff is really great at this property and the hotel is well situated in kennsington.",Date of stay: July 2017,4.0
821,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or820-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Vacation,Great service and awesome hotel and close to the area I liked. Good food. Bar is spacious and very fun. Staff is very helpful the whole time I was there. Full breakfast buffet was great. Not only great food but awesome service!,Date of stay: June 2017,5.0
822,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or820-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Not a bad choice ,I stayed at this hotel which was chosen by the tour group we were with. It is a little far from the main attractions but it is in a nice location. I had a few issues with the room itself.  The air conditioning did not work well. We could not change it so it was either very cold or when it was shut off it got too warm. The window latch was broken so it could not be opened. The bathroom was clean but the tub was a foot off the ground. When I took a shower my hands would bump into the drop ceiling.,Date of stay: June 2017,3.0
823,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or820-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Could be better,shocking breakfast ","Sad to rate this business as Average as they are good,but not very good,shocking breakfast tough,will try them again. Beds good,bathroom not bad,reception were really helpful,but for a so called 4 star,lots have to be improved.",Date of stay: August 2016,3.0
824,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or820-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Average,"Average stay considering it is a Hilton... Pay £37 per 24 hours for parking seemed experience.  Garage was secure and safe and can add payment into hotel bill, just let them know at check in. Check in was almost seamless, staff were very friendly and helpful. Not overly impressed with our room, found cobwebs and there was a large crack in the ceiling above the bed.   Sink leaked underneath and so made the floor wet.  No bath, shower only which had very poor pressure Breakfast was nice, quiet at the time we went.  Staff needed prompting for tea/coffee.  Beans kept in warm dish with lid but lid then too hot to lift off.. 15 min walk from 2 tube stations.",Date of stay: June 2017,3.0
825,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or825-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,By Far the Worst Hotel I've Stayed,"The guest service representatives were excellent.  The hotel not so much.  We stayed at this hotel for four nights.  We were initially given a room that had an awful smell.  We contacted the front desk and was immediately moved to another room.  This room was better, but had a faint smell of mold.  The hotel rooms are in desperate need of a full renovation. Sadly, the lobby, restaurant, and bar seem to have undergone a modern renovation--which the rooms should have been the hotel's main focus.  Lastly, the teapot had stains and residue left in it.    Pros: Great service from staff Restaurant was really good and reasonable Convenient Location to Kensington Palace and City of London  Cons: Old hotel rooms Bad smell Housekeeping was lacking  TIPS: Take Olympia Station train to…",Date of stay: March 2017,1.0
826,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or825-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,This hotel could be great,"Location, rooms, wifi all are excellent.  Front desk and concierge team is wonderful but that is where consistency ends.  While I had a great experience one afternoon in the executive lounge and when Steve was present it was excellent but when he wasn't it was inconsistent.  Wait service in the restaurant was mostly very good - but people seemed flustered when there was an influx of large groups.  House keeping was the same - inconsistent from day to day.  I arranged for late check out due to the need for privacy for a conference call but was interrupted twice during the late checkout window by house keeping despite the fact that it had been entered onto their system.  They also cancelled my key card during that period making another trip to the front desk necessary. There are…",Date of stay: June 2017,3.0
827,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or825-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Put me off hilton,Dirty room. Insufficient water. Faulty door locks and plugs. Missing hairdryer. Scruffy hotel. Needs a total refurbishment. Dusty carpet in the room. Ugly view. Strange smell upon arrival. Rubbish shower.,Date of stay: June 2017,1.0
828,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or825-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Bad nights sleep,I stayed in room 643 and I could hear what sounded like drawers open and closing most of the night. I was hoping it would end by 10pm but unlucky for me it did not. Just beware of where you stay in this hotel. Room itself was clean and comfortable.,Date of stay: June 2017,3.0
829,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or825-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Poor as for 4star hotel,"Room was tiny, a bit shaby, no daylight since the window was frosted. But what surprised me the most is that they dont change toiletries and just leave them used from previous guests.. We thought maybe the hotel is environment friendly but we did not see any signs stating that. A bit sad for a 4star hotel who overcharges for their services",Date of stay: June 2017,3.0
830,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or830-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Ok hotel,"I stayed here for 2 nights and overall was disappointed. Not to the standard you would expect from a Hilton hotel. The corridors and bedrooms all need refurbishing. The bed was however comfortable. The breakfast was good considering how many people were in the restaurant and the bar meal we had at night was fine however the drinks, even for London standards, were crazy! £23 for 2 glasses of wine!!!!! The staff ranged from friendly and helpful to rude. The hotel is not close to most of london's sites and a good 20 mins walk to underground.",Date of stay: June 2017,3.0
831,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or830-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Ok hotel,"This hotel has great staff but the rooms are not up to par.  It's a rabbit warren of hallways trying to find your room.  Out of the elevator you have to go down 3 or 4 steps which is awkward with a heavy suitcase, weird design.  The room was very small but adequate.  It looked out over AC units, not much view but quieter than being on the street side. Lots of storage and a good bathroom with tons of towels!  The bottom of the tub looked grubby but there were great controls for the shower. The AC worked well.  The carpet looked dirty or the pattern was the problem, I didn't want to walk on it barefoot.  The bed was fine, slept ok.  Breakfast was very good with attentive wait staff.  Olympia tube station is a 2 minute walk away, trains run only on weekends.",Date of stay: June 2017,3.0
832,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or830-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Good breakfast, room with NO view","Stayed here for 2 nights with Show & Stay package. We were offered an upgrade on arrival for an extra £40, we'd already paid a lot yo stay here so said no. We ended up in room 562 which was clean enough but had no view whatsoever and no you don't go to London to sit in your room however the windows were frosted glass obviously to hide the view of a dim square. No natural daylight in our room. On the plus side, breakfast was really good, staff were lovely and the shower was great.  We probably wouldn't choose to stay here again.",Date of stay: June 2017,3.0
833,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or830-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Lovely hotel & stay ,"Stayed here end of April while visiting from Ireland to attend the mind body spirit, had a beautiful stay. Room was clean and spacious, no disturbance and maintained by house keeping efficiently everyday.  We had lights food/snacks in the executive lounge and alcoholic beverage, which was all excellent. I would highly recommend this when booking. Lovely overall. Will return. ",Date of stay: April 2017,5.0
834,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or830-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,The staff at this hotel rock!,I took my son on a brief trip to London to celebrate his high school graduation. The staff prepared a treat for him with a congratulations letter. Everyone was very nice. This hotel is a bit off the beaten track but we didn't mind. Good value!,Date of stay: June 2017,5.0
835,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or835-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Good service, Excellent Breakfast options","The room was a decent size but the furnishings were a bit dated, could do with a refurbish.    The check-in service was good and the array of breakfast options was one of the best which I have seen in a hotel.    Overall, a pleasant experience but not in a hurry to stay again.",Date of stay: June 2017,3.0
836,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or835-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Great Stay,"Hilton Olympia is every thing a business traveler would want. Excellent rooms, very clean. Looks like there is a constant upgrade. Overground rail is walking distance, food is excellent, the internet service works. I have stayed in this hotel a coupe of time and would continue to stay here. Highly recommended.",Date of stay: June 2017,4.0
837,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or835-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Property not at all up to Hilton Standard,"This hotel needs to be torn down. The staff is great and does not deserve to work in such a delapidated property. My room was extremely noisy, Tv was not working, A/C was dripping and internet was not working properly. The so called gym was in the basement and barely fit two people. ",Date of stay: June 2017,2.0
838,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or835-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Nice but.....,"Good location - excellent breakfast - nice public areas. The staff is friendly. So it is really a shame that the rooms are old and tired - they really need to be renovated, they are dark with terrible carpets. The corridors also need to be renovated.",Date of stay: June 2017,3.0
839,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or835-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Time warp,"Hotel halls stank like old grannies home Bed was soft and uncomfortable  Food for breakfast was just cold tasteless and souls not have been served Staff were slow  Old tired brown hotel . Bathroom good linen clean Fridge not in service, why have it in room No free bottle of water for night time  Rubbish hotel all round  ",Date of stay: June 2017,1.0
840,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or840-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Never again!,"This Hilton hotel is old and shabby and overpriced.  The bathroom is old and tired, the internet is slow and the noise from bins in the middle of the night meant disturbed sleep.  It reminded me of 2 Star hotel from the 1970s and needs a major upgrade.  Never again! ",Date of stay: June 2017,1.0
841,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or840-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Old and run down....,"This is an old hotel, very run down for a Hilton hotel. The staff in the reception was friendly when we came. The room was ok except for the bed that was hard and very worn down. The bathroom was clean and the room overall felt clean. The breakfast was ok but small. The breakfast staff was friendly but seemed very stressed so I started to feel the stress and I really like to eat my breakfast in peace.  I was almost ran over by stressed staff running around serving coffee and juice to the guests so the next morning I picked what I wanted to eat from the beginning so I didn't have to risk my life for more to eat.... Why don't the hotel just install a coffee machine so the guests can take it them self?  Breakfast is not included in the price so if you want breakfast preorder it or…",Date of stay: June 2017,2.0
842,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or840-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Worst hotel - not like pictures,"We went to the Hilton Olympia for our 1 year anniversary and ended up having to leave after one night because the hotel was so horrible.   When you first arrive at the hotel, the lobby and reception is very deceiving of what the hotel actually looks like. It was quite modern but fairly dark.   We were given a room on the 7th floor, down many corridors (which had a strong smell of smoke despite no smoking signs). I have asthma meaning this was a big issue for me and I was surprised that the hotel weren't particularly concerned.  The room itself was tiny, and nothing like any other Hilton you can find. The bathroom was dated and dirty - see photo of bath.   We went to nearby Westfield in the evening and on return decided that we wanted to change hotels as it was not suitable and…",Date of stay: April 2017,1.0
843,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or840-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Solid Hilton Hotel,"This Hilton is located specifically for the Olympia convention and conference center, being less than a 5 minute walk from the center.  Bar and restaurant are well done, good service, although a little overwhelmed at breakfast and for drinks in the early evening. Plenty of seats and space, just staff were really busy. Not a bad reflection on the staff, just do not be in a rush, they will get to you and were all wonderfully pleasant and helpful as they could be. Reception area was spacious and clear, as well as the staff quickly recognizing my status with Hilton, and engaging me on check in. The rooms were small as you would typically expect in a major city, but the bed was fine, bathroom very small, but functional. Fresh, high quality towels supplied, daily maid service was…",Date of stay: June 2017,4.0
844,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or840-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Great home from home,Great place to stay in this part of London with considerate service and care for detail. Hotel has 1970's decor but is very well maintained. The front lower room are noisy but there are higher rooms and many rooms at the back.,Date of stay: June 2017,4.0
845,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or845-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Disappointing,"My boyfriend and I stayed here for one night last weekend. We were in London to visit friends so really only needed a bed for the night, with this in mind we booked via last minute.com and did one of their secret hotel offers. When we found out it was the Hilton I was really pleased however it didn't take long for my pleasure to turn into disappointment. The rooms are very dated, the air conditioning didn't work and we couldn't open our window because our room looked out onto the inner workings of the hotel, all of the big air con units and pipes etc which made an awful racket.  Anyway we went out and had a lovely evening with friends and it was only on our return when we switched on the news that we saw the horrific events that had taken place on London Bridge and borough…",Date of stay: June 2017,1.0
846,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or845-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Great people at Hilton! It was the best hotel my wife and I stayed in in 14 days in Europe.,The staff were the best I have ever experienced over 34 years of traveling. I will return to London and definitely stay at the Hilton again.  It was just far enough away from the hustle and bustle of downtown yet close enough to catch a short bus trip to the heart of city.  Great job Hilton.,Date of stay: June 2017,5.0
847,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or845-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Hilton Olympia, 380 Kensington High Street","My experience was the worst ever at any Hilton Hotel. Broken TV, no air conditioning (hotel never fixed it even with several requests), broken bathroom door that would barely close, mattress was horrendous as were the pillows (very worn out and old). Definitely not a Hilton type of hotel and sub par rooms of an super economy type of hotel.",Date of stay: June 2017,1.0
848,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or845-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Hilton Olympia,"the entrance and reception to the hotel is very nice, unfortunately this does not continue to the rooms which are very dated, the net curtains were black with dirt and the windows were filthy. one of our room can only be described as a shoe box which also have a musty wood smell with hardly any natural light coming into the room.  my bed was old and uncomfortable.  the bathrooms themselves were clean and presentable.  just in urgent need of a refurb.  the staff were all friendly and helpful and breakfast was nice.  based on the rooms we will not be returning as for the price of the stay I would expect much much more.",Date of stay: June 2017,2.0
849,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or845-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Dissapointing for a Hilton Hotel,"Stayed for 6 days, room was comfortable.  however, the hotel inside lacks maintenance and smells old.  Bar was way under staff and lack training.  Restaurant food lacked variety, same menu every day and limited.  Staff was friendly, concierge was excellent and helpful.",Date of stay: June 2017,3.0
850,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or850-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Better than I expected.,"After reading a number of reviews I was quite skeptical about staying here. After arriving and making this known at check-in,  the front desk agent assured us that he would do all he could to make this a memorable stay. He succeeded.   After having to stay one night in a very small room on the first floor with steps leading to it, we were assigned to an Executive room on the 7th floor with a view out the front of the hotel for the next 3 nights. This room was large, bright and very comfortable. The one issue with this room was the shower. While the bathroom was newer the height of the shower was restricted. At 6' 2"" my head was very close to the top of the ceiling in the shower. Other than this we were satisfied with this room.  The Executive lounge breakfast was adequate.…",Date of stay: May 2017,3.0
851,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or850-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Great Staff.  Good location.,"Will not hesitate to stay in this hotel in the future and to recommend to friends.  Staff was exceptional.  Used the Concierge several times and he was always helpful.  Beds were comfortable.  Food in Dining Room was very good.  Also, food in the Bar was excellent.",Date of stay: May 2017,4.0
852,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or850-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Not a good Hilton experience ,"There really are only 2 reasons to stay at this hotel: you need to be very near an exhibition at Olympia or/and you want a cheap hotel under the Hilton brand. If either of those apply to you then go for it; otherwise avoid.  As an HH Diamond Member, I've stayed at a fair number of Hilton hotels - but never one as dated as this. The net curtains had a total of 6 hooks from which to hang (see photo) and the ghastly curtains didn't close properly (see photo) so let the light stream in. The airco made a dreadful noise (maintenance guys tried twice to fix it). The view outside (see photo) was hardly pleasant (see photo) particularly since service staff made a real racket down there at 6am. We couldn't be moved apparently. The club lounge is very nice but very small - probably…",Date of stay: May 2017,2.0
853,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or850-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Dated hotel,"I stayed in this Hilton for business. The rooms are very dated and certainly need a makeover. The rooms don't feel fresh and clean. When you take a shower, it's better you're not too tall or you end up with your head stuck in the ceiling. This hotel is not worthy of the name Hilton.",Date of stay: May 2017,2.0
854,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or850-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,good,"First I didn't understand how a Hilton can be in this condition. The room is average, no view, shabby bathroom. I was so surprised that the bottom of the bathtub was yellowish from the limescale, and there is no hairdryer.  There is iron and board in the room and also coffee/tea facilities. Wifi connection very poor. The breakfast was outstanding, wide choice of food and very nice breakfast room. Staff was also very kind and nice.",Date of stay: May 2017,3.0
855,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or855-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Hilton Olympia London,"Good location let down by very shabby & rather old-fashioned accommodation, which decent service & a good breakfast can not rectify. Perhaps the maze of small corridors with twists, turns and multiple levels is the reason it hasn't been decorated or maintained in a long time.",Date of stay: May 2017,2.0
856,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or855-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Night before bus tour,"Stayed the night at the Hilton the night before our bus tour around Europe. Nice and friendly staff, room was a bit out dated and was a noisey since we had the room over looking the main road. Would stay again. ",Date of stay: May 2017,3.0
857,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or855-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,3 day break,"good hotel, friendly staff, room was a bit noisey as i had a room overlooking main road.  good bus links right outside hotel and train station about a 15min to 20min walk away.  weather was great so we walked and enjoyed the scenery and local shops.  Breakfast was good but have had better in other Hiltons.",Date of stay: April 2017,3.0
858,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or855-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,HVFF Stay,"I stayed here for attending HVFF con at Olympia. I found a good deal a few months before the event on booking.com staying in a double guest room. On arrival I was checked in early and the receptionist was lovely and attentive. I was offered a smoking room which didn't know still existed so as a smoker I went for this room which was on the top floor with a balcony for which I smoked. I felt the room was tiny and am concerned it's not the size or type I paid for - so feel going for the smoking room let me down here so for this reason I wouldn't come again as feel a bit conned out of money here.  The room as said was small 865 I was in. Bathroom standard and get a nice toiletry selection, shower standard. TV was ok but not huge amount of channels. Tea and coffee in room but wasn't…",Date of stay: May 2017,3.0
859,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or855-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Restaurant was shut !,"My husband, myself and two of our friends chose to stay at the Hilton Olympia as the guys were going to a Chelsea game and my friend and I were going shopping - and we thought we would make a night of it.   The hotel itself is fine - we felt it was mainly set up for ""business meetings"" and the like.  Anyway, after we had all been out for the day we met back at the bar around 6pm - all tired and hungry.  We sat and had a drink and decided to see if we could get a table in the restaurant.  However - we were told it was shut that evening for a private party (of 12 people !!).   We were told we could eat in the bar - which we did not much fancy as we wanted a proper meal not a bar snack.  So we had not option but to go out and find a restaurant!!   We were not happy.",Date of stay: May 2017,4.0
860,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or860-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Poor,"So this is a major chain, so surely they can afford to update their mattresses.  It creaks from the old springs, the decor and fixtures in the room are very dated probably originals from the 80's.  Plus point is that round the corner we found a decent pub.  Glad we are only staying for one night.",Date of stay: May 2017,2.0
861,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or860-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Comfortable hotel in High St Kensington. Great breakfast. and reasonably priced.,"This was the second time that we have stayed at this hotel for a weekend break. It's reasonably priced and both rooms that we have stayed in were comfortable, although on the first occasion we had an interconnecting door to the neighbouring room which wasn't great due to the noise. The furniture is a bit tired and dated but it served its purpose and the bed was very comfortable.   The rooms were clean, tidy and were made up daily. The showers were adequate although not particularly powerful. The rooms had an iron, and ironing board and hairdryer. There was internet wifi available but you have to pay for it which seems a bit mean.  Our board included breakfast which was served between 6.30 and 11 am (at the weekend) in the first floor restaurant behind the bar. Breakfast was…",Date of stay: May 2017,4.0
862,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or860-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Comfortable hotel, great location","Friendly and efficient staff from reception to the concierge, bar and wait staff. Clean and comfortable rooms. Of a good size which is unusual in London. Great location, close to tubes, bus stations, shops and restaurants.",Date of stay: May 2017,5.0
863,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or860-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Very dated hotel room was terrible hotel internally looks like old building only done bar n breakfast area not rooms,"Very disappointed it was for my husbands birthday very poorly decorated n dated breakfast was nice n so we're staff at breakfast, the receptionist was lovely location was okay but would not stay here again",Date of stay: May 2017,1.0
864,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or860-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Just right for the Albert Hall,"In a happy position, not far from Kensington Palace and the Albert Hall this Hilton provides excellent service, nice rooms and a good bus service just outside. However, this road is busy so avoid the lower floors where possible, due to the street noise.",Date of stay: May 2017,4.0
865,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or865-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Room 544 : dark lights, smell of mould, water tap does not work properly in the toilet","Even though there was a delay at the check-in upon arrival ( only one lady at Honors desk), the lady was very professional, friendly and pleasant to checkin with.  Breakfast area is extremely noisy and overcrowded, chef was not very friendly when I asked if he can make an omelette, waitress was more polite and went inside the kitchen to cook it for me. There is just one Costa coffee and Bar linked to breakfast area. Location of the hotel is on the main road. Inside the room and corridors leading to it you really feel like in a run down 3 star place : old carpets, old doors, all in need of refurbishment. In the room even with 2 days open windows the smell of mould did not go anywhere, water tap in the bathroom needs replacement, TV remote control also needs replacement or battery…",Date of stay: May 2017,3.0
866,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or865-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Not a 4* hotel,"Reception staff very nice & helpful, but the rooms need a bit improvement. The furniture for 4* star hotel a bit old fashioned. The air conditioning  either was blasting the freezing or hot air nothing between. I was staying in room overlooking the street which was noisy.  Food range for breakfast very good and lots to choose from, same for dinner options but the waiting time between meals horrendous almost 45 minutes!!!  The wi- fi works intermittent.",Date of stay: May 2017,3.0
867,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or865-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Hilton prices but not Hilton luxury ,"So it's definitely a Hilton hotel as x3 bottles of coke will cost you £10.50 at the bar but aside from this reminder you'd probably not realise it was a Hilton due to the tired old shabby and dirtied walls in the place. I've stayed in Hiltons all over the world and this is definitely the lowest quality hotel on their books. Hallway walls were filthy and marked and generally grubby. The rooms are long and thin and the beds creak and are lumpy. The shower struggles and the toilet takes 15 minutes to fill and certainly lets you know as you can't not hear it. I'd say £70 a night would be a more realistic cost for what you get, certainly no where near worthy of the £135 a night price tag. Oh and maids will come and make your beds but wont empty bins or give you toilet rolls and you…",Date of stay: May 2017,2.0
868,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or865-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Not a 4 star hotel,Reception staff excellent but this is a very dated hotel. Is not 4 star hotel. Rooms are so shabby. Outside noise of High Street Kensington awful. It needs a lot of investment put into it. You also need a map to find your room. ,Date of stay: May 2017,1.0
869,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or865-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Okay for a 1 night stay,The hotel itself was in a lovely location. The rooms themselves were ok. I had a floor 8 room which had a nice view towards The Shard. Comfy bed however small bathroom + bath. Make sure if you can to ask for a higher up room as my parents stayed in the lower floors which had adjoining rooms so the sound pollution was huge and they are a lot smaller. ,Date of stay: November 2016,3.0
870,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or870-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Good location but pricey,Location is great for Olympia. Expensive hotel for location and quality. Breakfast is nice but avoid the scrambled eggs. Room is comfortable and the bathroom is fine but really needs to have a toilet brush present (small detail). Print out and bring your reservation with you as they got it wrong on their systems. Overall useful for Olympia but I wouldn't stay there otherwise ,Date of stay: May 2017,4.0
871,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or870-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Outdated/needs gutting, This hotel is severely outdated and needs gutting.  Our preset reserved room  was not available long past check-in time and we ended up in a room facing a very busy noisy street on the third floor instead of the eighth floor  facing a quieter side street. The hallway was musty. Wifi rarely worked  and other guests had the same problem.   It worked fine as long as you sat in the lobby.  The staff was very friendly.  There was a long wait for check out and we had a train to catch.  When an airline stewardess cut in front of us and started checking in the whole crew I dropped my room keys in the express check out box.   Time will tell if we got charged correctly. ,Date of stay: May 2017,1.0
872,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or870-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Great Chioce!!,Good choice great location but littlde traffic noise. Also this property have great location to connect anywhere in the London city. Also great pubs surrounded by hotel within walking distance. Great.,Date of stay: May 2017,5.0
873,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or870-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Comfortable, but not what I expected","The room was fine for one night. If I was staying longer, I wouldn't choose this one.   The windows were broken so there was a constant draught coming into the room, and the heaters weren't working. So I was constantly cold throughout the night, even the thick duvets didn't despite the comfort factor.  The corridors smelled a lot of cigarettes which wasn't pleasant seeing as I had opted for a non-smoking room.",Date of stay: July 2016,2.0
874,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or870-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Tired Hotel,I was visiting Olympia for work and chose this hotel because of its proximity (2 minutes' walk).  The staff are very friendly and efficient but the hotel is extremely dated.  The main reception is okay but I found the bedroom very dull and basic and in need of a bit of TLC.  The bathroom was tiny and the shower didn't work.  At best a dribble on the hottest setting so couldn't be used.  I had to try and have a bath in 2 inches of water.  The hospitality tray had no bottled water and a biscuit was not to be had either.  As far as London prices go it wasn't expensive (£135.00) but I didn't feel I experienced value for money.  I did point out the shower problem upon check-out and given an apology but no discount.    Because of the convenient location I feel that they have the…,Date of stay: May 2017,3.0
875,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or875-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel but only if you can get it for the right price,"First of all, this is a good hotel. Not spectacular but not crappy either. If you paid over 100 dollars a night here, then that's too much. It bears the name of Hilton, but it should not be priced as one. The employees are the best quality this hotel has. Very cordial, informative and pleasant. The second best quality of the hotel is the location. Very easy to get into the heart of the city. London is very easily accessible by public transportation. The bus stops on the next street, easy to use. Third best quality is the hotel amenities, which were good. Restaurant on site, convenience  store near by. Very safe area. Worst quality and I don't again mean crappy are the rooms. I found the rooms good size but like a lot of reviewers, very dated. The carpets and decor are in need of…",Date of stay: May 2017,3.0
876,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or875-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Tired rooms,I recently visited the hotel on a business trip and I booked 3 separate rooms all of which were all disappointing with the bed being very uncomfortable and noisy along with the towels in the bathroom being threadbare and overall the rooms were looking very tired and the decor was 1970's.,Date of stay: May 2017,3.0
877,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or875-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Disappointing to say the least,"Checking in was hassle free, and the lady on reception was a great help - nothing was too much. Next, up to the room. The room wasn't the biggest of spaces, but it's not as if we were swinging cats in there. The hotel seemed very noisy at around 5.30, and we figured that's probably people checking into their rooms still, and making their way out. We too were doing the same. Upon returning to the hotel at around 10pm, we soon realised the noise wasn't just people checking in still, but in fact a constant drone of slamming doors and people shouting in the corridors. It's as if the hotel was an extension of Universal Music, situated across the road. One side of us, it sounded like the young lady next door was learning how to swim in the bath tub. Her male tutor seemed to be making…",Date of stay: May 2017,1.0
878,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or875-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Y----M---C---A,"I have mixed feelings about this property. I feel that whoever owns this place is either stuck in the 60’s and is in denial, or just doesn’t give a crap. This place has so much potential, but the fact that it’s right next to the Olympia convention center means it doesn’t have to market itself because the sheep will come here based on convenience, not because the hotel is good. When we checked in, the front desk was a zoo. Even the Hilton Hhonors line didn’t help because in this day and age, everyone is an Hhonors member because you have to be just to get free Wi-Fi. Anyway, as a Diamond member; I was not upgraded as I was told the hotel was full, and I don’t’ doubt it was. This place exists as a Hilton property because of its close proximity to the Olympia convention center. If…",Date of stay: April 2017,3.0
879,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or875-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Great location,"I recently stayed here while exhibiting at Olympia. If you're looking to stay in a hotel you can't get much closer. A 3 minute walk at the most and you're in the hotel lobby. There's a large bar located on the first floor and if you have executive membership there's a private lounge available with food nibbles and every type of drink you can think of. The rooms are cosy and practical, however I did find them a little hot but most hotels are like this, although I could open my window which was wonderful! There's the usual free shampoo, conditioner, body wash, soap and shower cap. And each room has an iron and hairdryer. My only request is that I like a plug socket next to the bed which I didn't have. Enjoy! ",Date of stay: May 2017,4.0
880,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or880-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Good location,Good location. Breakfast very good. Great selection of foods for all dietry requirements. Rooms dated and very noisy. Service adequate but rooms serviced extremely late in the day. Internet connection very poor.,Date of stay: May 2017,3.0
881,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or880-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Fayed,"Perfect location , pretty central  Ideal for business travelers  Breakfast is awesome, staff are very helpful and Bruna from reception rocks :)  For all the smokers suffering in london, at least here you can get yourself  a smoking room",Date of stay: May 2017,4.0
882,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or880-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,small room,"Dont know if it was because it was single occupancy but the room was really small.  Bed was concave, pushed against wall and luckily I had brought by own memory foam pillow as pillows too soft. Was just enough room to walk around the bed. Positives fantastic breakfast, great location for Olympia where I was exhibiting, lovely public areas, great to have free wifi but was weak unfortunately.rubbish view but didnt need it and lovely and quiet to sleep. My collegue had a room on the 8th floor facing road and couldnt sleep due to road noise. I was on the third floor facing buildings to rear.",Date of stay: May 2017,4.0
883,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or880-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Pretty good but,"We stayed here last weekend on a weekend for a property show. Generally the hotel was pretty good but expensive as all are around here. 2 out of 4 days we came back and our room was not made up which was a little annoying, breakfast was good and the concierge staff were really good.",Date of stay: May 2017,3.0
884,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or880-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Exhibition stay,"I'd start by saying that the hotel is in the best location if you are going to Olympia. Breakfast was superb and my waitress Patricia was quick to attend, helpful and genuinely seemed  happy to help. Bedroom was a good size and had most of what I needed, it could have had a bottle of water though which I always feel is a good touch. Overall it should be a 4 out of 5. However, like the Novotel up the road the car parking charges are insane. 2 nights stay cost £111. Fortunately I knew this before attending, but having paid a lot for a standard business room it feels like being robbed when you are spending so much extra for parking there.",Date of stay: May 2017,3.0
885,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or885-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,serious need of an update,"I stayed here on a Business trip and I can say that my room was not at all what I was expecting, it was a single guestroom and it was bearable in size for myself but if you don't do well with enclosed spaces especially the bathroom I wouldn't recommend a single room, aside from that  there was paint chipped off the walls and wallpaper coming off another both of which I am sure would be easily fixed! Behind the bed there was build up of dirt and dust that hadn't been cleaned well before my arrival- The lobby, restaurant/bar and even the hallways of this hotel hold a much better vision of the hotel standard rather than the rooms themselves. The only time I would stay in this hotel again would be primarily for its location to near by the Olympia exhibition hall",Date of stay: May 2017,2.0
886,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or885-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Not worth carrying the Hilton brandname,"Stayed at the London Hilton Olympia. The lobby and bar are refurbished but the rooms, corridors to the rooms and lifts are in a state of disrepair. The rooms are clean however but much smaller than advertised. 30 cm in front of the bed! Bathroom of 1.5 x 2,1 m, including bath of 1.2 meters and a shower curtain? Really. Not worth Hilton brandname, not worth 4 stars, maybe 2 maximum. At the room rate charged of 160 GBP excessively expensive, even for a city like London. Don't stay but rather spend a few pounds more somewhere else, if more.",Date of stay: May 2017,1.0
887,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or885-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Tired, needs a refurb and staff need some service training!","Popped in for lunch, and whilst the food and drinks were OK, the surroundings were drab, the staff were trying to help but just simply could not manage to serve us, 15 minutes for the drinks then food took a while then trying to get the bill was painful as some of the card machines did not take Amex. Shame, as location is good, just needs an overhaul",Date of stay: May 2017,2.0
888,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or885-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Middle of the road,"Hotel does the job in terms of finding a reasonably priced Hilton property in the vicinity of London. Hotel needs a refurb though and looks like it relies on a large turnover of short stay guests; including a number of airline crew contracts.   Rooms are OK and executive lounge is a good standard with drinks including brand label gins and prosecco.   Bar is nice too, looks like this is where they have spent the money.   if you are looking for a long comfortable stay in central London i would look elsewhere. If you are looking to stay in a reasonably priced Hilton near central London for a quick break this would be a good option.",Date of stay: April 2017,3.0
889,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or885-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,A poor Hiton,"There is nothing 'wrong' with the hotel, the service, breakfast etc was fine it is just the outdated and damaged Decor that really lets this Hilton Brand hotel down.  The location for the Olympia Conference is the only seller.  I will look elsewhere first, next time even though i'm a Hilton Honors member!",Date of stay: May 2017,3.0
890,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or890-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Wifi worse than non-existent!,"Husband and I stayed here the first 4 nights of our 15 day European vacation. First the positives: the bed was comfortable, room temp was perfect and easily adjusted, windows opened and a/c worked, hot water was plentiful, room was reasonably clean (up to my hubs standards, not mine).  Now the negatives: the wifi was worse than non-existent (cutting in and out so often and only in very specific spots in the room, like 2/3 of the way down my side of the bed, if the phone was held 8 inches from the covers, I eventually gave up and used public wifi wherever we ate), elevator was small and noisy (but at least there was one) hallways smelled a bit like sewage, our toilet only flushed when it wanted to, we had to ask for toilet paper replenishment, when hubby called to get an ice pack…",Date of stay: May 2017,2.0
891,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or890-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Very Disappointing in dire need of refurb,"Car park very small and for vehicles under 5'8, £37 for 24hours, to be expected in Kensington. Upgraded to junior suite. This felt a little absurd as the bedroom was in a separate room, the 'living area' was simply furnished with several random chairs around, not one of them providing any comfort. Quality of bedsheets good, clean, but the actual bed/ mattress was truly awful. We did not get any sleep as a result. This is probably the worst Hilton we have ever stayed at. Furnishings and decor very old and tired and nowhere comfortable to sit after a long day. Water stains on the ceiling. The upside is the staff and location. Staff were all very friendly and helpful. But, this is not enough to make us return to this Hilton unfortunately.",Date of stay: May 2017,2.0
892,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or890-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Staff great but needs renovating,"I stay in lots of Hiltons and this one really needs renovating and updating. It feels like going back in time when you arrive, which isn't like other hotels in this chain.  The room was nice enough but everything from the decor to the carpets & curtains looked like it needed updating. Most Hiltons are light and airy places, unfortunately this one isn't. Which is a shame as the staff were really nice - seems like they're trying really hard to create a good image without the building itself contributing. On the positive side, the location isn't bad for Olympia and the area, it's a reasonably quiet stay even though it's on a main road and the breakfast was good.  Until so work has been done to this place, I won't be rushing back",Date of stay: May 2017,3.0
893,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or890-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Renovations required,The room is quite old. The fridge in the room was not working. The Windows only open few mm and are opaque. Not possible to see to the outside. Very noisy air conditioning machines close to the room working day and night. Good location and breakfast. My cup for tea was dirty. The beds are confortable. The pilows very thin I had to sleep with the two of them. The clean service works good. The check out is very fast and is possible to let the bags at a room if you arrive to earlier or after check out.,Date of stay: May 2017,3.0
894,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or890-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Nice location and a pleasant hotel,The hotel is 5 minuts walk from the Kensington Olympia overground station and with busses going to Hyde Park right outside. A clean and pleasant hotel with a helpfull staff. A rich and tasty breakfast. Recomended!,Date of stay: May 2017,4.0
895,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or895-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Location is the only thing going for this nasty hotel,"This is the second time I've stayed at this hotel and it will be the last.  It's just a worn out, understaffed, tired and dirty hotel.  The rooms have rippled carpet, the beds have hollowed out mattresses from literally decades of use by hundreds of thousands of people.  There is no cushion to these beds and the pillows are as flat as a piece of paper. The bathrooms have old toilets that won't flush anything the first time and the showers have shower curtains that are too long and bunch up in the floor of the tub creating a trip hazard.  The place is just in terrible shape as though it has completely given up.  The food at the restaurant is completely tasteless and boring.  Even if your meeting is at the Olympia as mine was, avoid this place.  You might catch something you can't…",Date of stay: May 2017,1.0
896,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or895-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Absolutely dreadful,"Hotel needs a total revamp.  Room was filthy.  Extremely noisy with a continuous drone of a boiler or something similar all night, loud enough to keep me awake all night.  Will not be staying again.  Absolutely shocking.",Date of stay: May 2017,1.0
897,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or895-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Suite,Suites tired and dirty had to pay cash to have breakfast in room or not have  bath room disgusting and tired heating poor slept in clothes thankfully only one night  Will be looking for alternatives next time as expensive and poor ,Date of stay: April 2017,2.0
898,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or895-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Good location,  typical good Hilton hotel","A good Hilton hotel located in Olympia. Rooms are clean and comfortable, as you'd expect from a Hilton.  Good executive lounge and bar. Suitable for both Buisness and leisure stays. It's on a busy street so if recommend asking for a room not facing the main road",Date of stay: April 2017,4.0
899,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or895-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Awful guest rooms,This hotel is in desperate need of refurbishment and is not at all what you would expect from a Hilton.  The rooms are more than shabby and are very noisy from both air con and the street noise.  Location is good but I highly recommend you choose a different hotel.,Date of stay: April 2017,1.0
900,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or900-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Poor by Hilton standards,"The hotel is in a very convenient location but is in urgent need of renovation. My room was small and dark with peeling paint and generally run down decor. The toilet would not flush properly and the bathroom tiles somehow managed to creak. The lamp didn't work and the aircon was very loud with a mind of its own, on the first night I switched it off entirely but it proceeded to come on randomly through the night. Fortunately it stayed off the next night.  The reception area is as you expect....smart and spacious with a good little shop, a company connecting Costa and all staff were all very friendly. However as soon as you enter the corridors you quickly realise this is an outdated hotel with none of the shine associated with the nicer Hilton hotels. It's not a patch on the…",Date of stay: April 2017,2.0
901,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or900-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,V.poor rooms - brilliant barman in David,"I stayed here for one night, and our room was terrible. Actual hairs on the wall of our shower, and the bed very uncomfortable.  David the barman, however, was a true gentleman, especially by managing to conjure up a pizza and some chips for me at nearly midnight, and deserves a pat on the back for being brilliantly helpful and entertaining.",Date of stay: April 2017,2.0
902,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or900-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Worse possible experience,"Here for a medical meeting. Cheap looking room, old and just shabby details, freezing (heating not working even after a complain), leaking bathtub.  Just too bad to be even a 2-3 stars hotel. Horrible Won't be here again. ",Date of stay: April 2017,1.0
903,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or900-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Short stay,"For a Hilton Hotel the room was extremely tired, the decor and carpet were very worn, bath was in disrepair with dirty mould patches. Not anywhere near the quality experienced during a recent stay at the Holiday Inn chain.  ",Date of stay: April 2017,1.0
904,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or900-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Trip Of A Lifetime,My father and I did a Father/Daughter trip beginning in Africa then starting a 14 day European tour in London. The Hotel Staff were great and the restaurant was excellent. Customer Service was their #1 Priority for sure! Thank you so much for a wonderful time! Daddy and Sissy from Georgia!,Date of stay: March 2017,5.0
905,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or905-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Clean, friendly staff but restaurant was poor","Stayed here for 2 nights for an exhibition at the Olympia hall. Location is perfect. Took the train as parking is extortionate. Friendly and helpful staff. Ordered Salmon, French Fries and Red Wine and Chalott Sauce, took 50 minutes to arrive with no sauce, the sauce came out on request which was Garlic and Herb Butter to which the waitress tried to convince me is what I ordered. Given the restaurant was a third full, 50 minutes to receive food is very poor. Salmon was half delicious, half over cooked.  Room was clean, toilet leaked every other time you flushed it leaving floor soaking. I'm 6ft tall and to stand up straight in shower meant my head was lifting the ceiling panels!  TV had constant subtitles which as a gadget whizz myself, I could not find a way to remove them…",Date of stay: April 2017,3.0
906,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or905-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel with need for maintenance and modernization,"The best thing in this hotel is the service. Staff are very friendly and accommodating. Breakfast is a hit with wide choice and excellent service. Very efficient staff overall speaking almost all languages. Location is fantastic nice road friendly and safe walking distance to major parks. Near many tube station especially to LHR And LGW. Excutive lounge is the big plus in our case. Very relaxing atmosphere with wide range of complementary drinks and snacks and fruits.  On the negative side, hotel need modernizing and new furniture. Seems to be cold in public areas feels by of cold draft. However. This is not my first stay,I will certainly stay will again provided that price/service remain the same. ",Date of stay: April 2017,4.0
907,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or905-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,As far from Hilton standard you can possibly get,"I wonder if they stole the Hilton sign and put it up on their building, because this is so far from Hilton standard you can possibly get. The whole hotel is very run down and in need of serious refurbishment.   Let's start:  1. The hotel wifi was so bad I could hardly connect neither my PC, smartphone or tablet. I complained to the reception who called the IT helpdesk who recommended to move me to another room. However the room was fully booked, so I had to wait until the next day before they could move me. When they moved me, the wifi was a little bit better as I could connect all my devices but it still gave me less than 1 Mbit speed which is something that was common 15 years ago.  2. Some parts of the hotel hallway was so bad it made me wonder if I was in an old abandoned…",Date of stay: February 2017,1.0
908,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or905-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Dissatisfied,Not what i expected from Hilton Hotel Brand. Best part is the location of hotel to London olympia other than that not much mote i could say to recommended unfortunately not the experience I was expecting.,Date of stay: April 2017,1.0
909,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or905-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Hilton Olympia London,"Steps in hallways are problem with luggage, low ceilings in bathrooms,  rooms not ready upon arrival, keys don't work. Poor wifi. This is a corporate hotel for us. Some visits are average. Some visits are not good.",Date of stay: April 2017,3.0
910,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or910-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Enjoyable two night stay,We really enjoyed our two night stay here.  It was very convenient to travel to the places we wanted to go.  We were upgraded on arrival and the room was very comfortable and well appointed.  Had lunch one day which was very good.  The Executive Lounge was very good.  The breakfasts were lovely and the staff were very good.,Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
911,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or910-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Could be better,"Stayed here as part of the show and stay package, was very disappointed with the room , stayed in a double room with my granddaughter as a treat for her 18th, booked as part of package to see a show the room was small and dark & dingy there was no toilet tissue on arrival although housekeeping sorted it took a while, Visited the bar in the evening and after choosing from the drinks menu I went to the bar myself and ordered, when paying the bar tender charged £2.30 extra, when questioned I was told it was a service charge !! ""service charge when I went to the bar myself ? I do not mind at all paying a service charge but it should be my choice, when went to breakfast we were sitting at the table for 10 mins before I queried that no one had asked for our order, then told it was…",Date of stay: April 2017,3.0
912,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or910-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Very Poor for Hilton,As a Hilton honours gold member certainly didn't live up to anything we were used to with the members upgrade. On booking asked for a four star Hilton near concert venue. Upgrade room was so disappointing terrible mattress. Dirt windows no view. Broken toilet with cans of coke in the cistern. Cistern noise went on all night. Room 707. Very old bathroom fixings. Best upgrade available. In the club lounge dried out cheese and mackerel unedible and very poor and slow to refill. Staff were very nice though. Understaffed.  On having breakfast the chef wore a rubber glove to throw all the cooked sausages into a dish then proceeded to crack raw eggs into a dish with the same glove in full view of us.   Cross contamination right there. put us off so didn't have cooked breakfast.…,Date of stay: April 2017,2.0
913,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or910-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Liked it,"Stayed here for one night as had meetings in London. Excellent value for a London hotel, paid £111 for the night which included breakfast. The staff were polite and efficient with a feee bottle of water on arrival. The room is a good size and very clean. Noise was down to a minimum on the 8th floor. The one drawback I is the gym is a little small and has too few weights but only a minor issue. Would recommend and stay again.",Date of stay: April 2017,4.0
914,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or910-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Can't beat it!,"My wife and I love the location of this hotel. Located off Kensington High Street made it accessible to restaurants, stores and yes, Hyde Park (roughly 2 miles away).  No issues with the room since most European hotels have smaller facilities.  I think this hotel holds true to what most Hilton Hotels provide which is consistency, safety and a comfortable place to rest your head.  The wifi provided was sufficient for our needs.  I can't say enough about the staff who I found willing to address all questions and to help where possible. Also, you can't beat the rate since it's technically 3 miles outside of central London.  We will definitely return to this hotel in the future.",Date of stay: April 2017,4.0
915,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or915-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Ok Hotel,I was here for three days for a guided tour with Trafalgar and this was a pick for them I must say the outside of the place looks like it could use a good cleaning the lobby was super nice and modern dated the the elevator was small and the hotel doors were small to the rooms. The rooms were ok the bathroom was clean overall it was an ok hotel the breakfast was good and it was located near the tube and the bus stop the hotel gift shop sells bus and tube cards it was my first time so overall I would recommend this place.,Date of stay: October 2016,3.0
916,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or915-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Helpful, great service and great locaton","I stayed at the this hotel during a trade show event in February while over there for a business trip.   I the staff were wondefully helpful, accomdating and patient. From reciving parcels and messageS to the delightful breakfast spread in the mornings.  Great and recomend a stay there, as its also in a great area in the Kensington High Street.",Date of stay: February 2017,4.0
917,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or915-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,good stay at Hilton Olympia,"Good, clean friendly hotel. Staff friendly and helpful and react quickly to any complaint. Excellent hotel for any shows at Olympia as only a 5 minute walk away. Use Number 10 Bus from Kings Cross/ St Pancras (Euston Road) if travelling by Bus, brings you straight to the stop (Olympia)across the road.",Date of stay: April 2017,4.0
918,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or915-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Shocked,Headlines are: No wifi in the room as strength wasn't good enough Bathroom door wouldn't close fully (embarrassing) Subtiles came on the to when changing the volume Not enough toilet paper AWFUL - especially for a Hilton!,Date of stay: April 2017,1.0
919,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or915-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Not what I expected from a brand of this size,"1. Room was small, internal and the corridor was very, very noisy.  2. Breakfast was a shambles and poor quality.  3. After paying for a room with breakfast 2 members of staff tried to charge us extra before a third realised the mistake.   Lots to be improved in what could be a great hotel location wise. ",Date of stay: April 2017,2.0
920,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or920-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Aged,"Aged hotel not Hilton standard, bed clean, but things like the sink were not, carpets were dirty and old, and you can hear nothing but the main road, but that's just London for you,  staff were helpful though can't fault them, just the hotel itself needs dragging into 2017",Date of stay: April 2017,2.0
921,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or920-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Superb reception staff,"Stayed here for 2 nights this week. I arrived shortly after breakfast, not expecting that I could check in so early, and was warmly welcomed by a lovely lady on reception. She was lovely and explained that they had a room available and I could check in. The room was large and spotless. Bed was really comfortable with plenty of pillows. Despite being a poor sleeper I slept really well and there was no hotel noise. Really handy for shopping at Westfield and a short walk from Kensington High Street station with plenty of buses also available if you don't fancy the walk. I do agree the hotel could do with updating but despite this I would still stay there again because of the competitive rates and lovely staff.",Date of stay: April 2017,4.0
922,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or920-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Met all our needs - friendly comfortable,"We recently spent a week in London. We had to split our stay between two hotels because neither was able to accommodate us for the full week. We are so glad the longer stay was at the Hilton Olympia because even though the other hotel was rated higher on Trip Advisor that was not our experience. At the Olympia, our room was smallish but immaculately clean. The bed was very comfortable and wake up service was spot on. Internet service was good in our room and in common areas. We also enjoyed the vast selection at breakfast and the friendly service. The concierge was very helpful and offered to store our luggage to make our hotel transfer a smother process. All in all a great experience. We would definitely stay again.",Date of stay: March 2017,5.0
923,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or920-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Good, Bad, and the Ugly","Concierge Service was off the chart good !  Rooms were a maize and although reservation was made months in advance our 3 rooms were not even on same floor.  Internet/wifi did not work in rooms, only in the Lobby",Date of stay: April 2017,2.0
924,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or920-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Ideal Show Stop Over,Staff were courteous and efficient on arrival and all the way through my stay I cannot fault them at all.  However the rooms looked dated and needed refurbishing and for the money spent I expected nothing less than excellence throughout my stay but the accommodation let it down.  When you do refurbish look at triple glazing as this may help with the noise reduction from the main road which if you were as unlucky as I was pretty much kept me awake all night.,Date of stay: April 2017,2.0
925,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or925-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Not a four star,"We Stayed at the Hilton last Saturday night, booked it for the good location to the ideal home exhibition, we arrived at 10.30 am and asked if we could leave our bags there and much to our delight our room was ready we had booked a double deluxe room but the receptionist said he would upgrade us to an executive double deluxe so we got our key and went to the room with smiles on are faces but that soon changed when we saw the room very small needs decorating and not clean, my husband asked if he had given us the right room to which he said yes, the bar area was very shabby with Staines on the chairs and carpet, we had a drink in the bar area but unfortunately they were no good either we had to send them back, we decided to eat out & not risk breakfast either as the hole…",Date of stay: April 2017,2.0
926,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or925-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Amazing!,"I was kind of scared to stay at the Hilton Olympia by reading the reviews, but now I am happy that I stayed at the Hilton Olympia. It was a nice and clean hotel, the room was nice and clean as well. But what I enjoyed the most about my stay was the staff. They were so kind and professional, they had the customers best intrest in mind. I was sick the last day when we were going to check out, but our flight was not until late at night so the staff was kind enough to let us stay an extra three hours in the room (3pm) so that I could rest.   I will definitely stay here again next time I am in London, not only because it was a good hotel and good staff but it was located in a good place as well. There is a bus station right outside of the hotel that will take you to central London in…",Date of stay: March 2017,5.0
927,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or925-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Great location but in need of an upgrade,The hotel is very well located when attending a trade show at Olympia which saves on taxi's etc.  The staff are great but the hotel is in need of a total upgrade.  The rooms are very tired but well maintained and clean but not the level you expect from a Hilton Hotel.  Recommend people to stay just don't be surprised at the dated decor,Date of stay: March 2017,3.0
928,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or925-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Definitely not deserving a ""Hilton"" title","Either Hilton have been making serious discounts in their specifications or this hotel has not been inspected lately. Rather old, some of the rooms with High Street Kensington Views (eg the one I stayed) have a very serious problem with noise, as their windows and frames are obsolete. Breakfast was OK but every morning when I crossed the buffet of the hot dishes (eggs etc) my clothes needed serious airing due to a ""smell of fried eggs"". Lounge is non existing although the larger bar area is OK. Generally average and quite far from every tube (all stations are about 10-15min).  I would not recommend it unless somebody wants to stay close to High Str Kensington area for a good reason.",Date of stay: March 2017,3.0
929,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or925-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Refurbishment required ,"Stayed here for 2 nights whilst attending the Ideal Home Show at the Olympia. The hotel is perfectly located for the venue as just a stones throw away.   However, when you book a Hilton you expect a good standard hotel. This Hilton is extremely poor and requires a thorough refurbishment. The carpets are stained and lumpy, bits of skirting boards were missing, lifts were too few and too small, bed uncomfortable, drab decor and horrible bathrooms. I definitely wouldn't stay here again.   If you are planning on spending a lot of time visiting the tourist destinations in central London I wouldn't recommend this hotel. The transport links are pretty poor by London standards as the London Olympia station only has overland and a weekend district line.   If you are attending an event at…",Date of stay: April 2017,2.0
930,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or930-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,More 3 star than 4,"We stayed here for two nights in March 2017 due to its location.  Cannot fault the staff but apart from the reception, bar and breakfast area the bedrooms are 'tired'.  The carpet in our room was very badly stained in several places and very worn.  The bathroom mastic had black mould in serveral places and the sink plug was broken.  Not sure if cleaning staff are flagging these issues with management but someone ought to be responsible for checking each room for issues - it shouldn't be down to guests to complain",Date of stay: March 2017,3.0
931,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or930-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Glad I picked Hilton Olympia,Went to visit family. Very close to the Overground and close restaurants are inexpensive. There are two mini Marta within walking distance as well. They don't have a mini fridge (fridge bar instead) not sure if you can ask for one. It was a short trip and worked great. Didn't have any problems with noise. Bathroom was same as any Hilton which is a big deal for me because they can be really small in the UK.,Date of stay: March 2017,4.0
932,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or930-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Good value, location and service","The hotel staff is very friendly, knowledgeable and guest centered at the front desk, in the breakfast dinning area and at the concierge.  The breakfast offerings are very good.  We also took a light meal in the lounge area one evening which was delicious.  In the context of an overall highly positive four day stay the only items that did not measure up was the service in the lounge dinning area.  While the meal was very good and the service was pleasant enough but pokey.  We also found the double bedroom size to be very tight.  ",Date of stay: March 2017,4.0
933,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or930-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Awful Experience,"It should be the most awful experience we have with a hotel. We stayed there for: 1 night, and then went the another city 4 nights, and then went to another city again 1 night  In the middle 4 nights, we had to change room for 2 times. The heater in the 1st room was not working, and the room was very cold. The heater in the 2nd room could work, but from time to time it had a loud noise. The staff who came to help us in these 2 nights said that he would leave message to the staffs next day and would arrange the fixing or changing room for us in the day time. But there were no any message these 2 times and we had to explain the whole situation to the staff next days and wait for them to arrange from the beginning. It's really annoying!!!  Actually the facilities of this hotel are…",Date of stay: March 2017,1.0
934,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or930-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,One of nicely located property but need a revamp.,I stayed in this property for a week and I enjoyed my stay. Location of Hotel is pretty good as it has Bus stop and Train station at walking distance. Room was good. Staff was pretty friendly and nice. But hotel looks pretty old and it needs revamp in public areas and rooms too.  First night I stayed in a road facing room and could not sleep due to noise from traffic and next day they moved me to a better room.,Date of stay: March 2017,4.0
935,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or935-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Hilton Olympia Hotel,"Very old & tired hotel in desperate need of refurbishment & modernisation. The rooms & bathrooms are not very nice & do not represent good value for money. The food is adequate if you can not be bothered to go outside of the hotel to find alternative cuisine. The rooms suffer from being very noisy & this is due to the age of hotel & construction materials that were used. However, it has a great location for Olympia & High Street Kensington in general along with easy parking facilities located underneath the hotel operated by NCP although these cannot be reserved prior to arrival or at time of booking.",Date of stay: March 2017,2.0
936,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or935-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Decent hilton hotel,Good location. Not so far off from city center With right price. Has family room. Spacious enough for 3 adults. Executive lounge is rather small and offer limited food. Breakfast was alright up to standard. Hallway is quite small. ,Date of stay: May 2016,3.0
937,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or935-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Adequate hotel but needs updating and a clean! ,Hotel was chosen purely on location as the trip was a mixture of business and pleasure.   Aside from the location nothing was as expected. The corridors smelt disgusting and signage was inadequate. The bedroom itself whilst sizeable had bad lighting and the carpet needed cleaning. However the bathroom was by far the worst aspect of the hotel. It was dirty and in need of refurbishment. I'm sure a shower curtain that prevented water from hitting the door would help further damage.  Check out was efficient.   ,Date of stay: March 2017,2.0
938,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or935-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Not the best Hilton,"Checked in yesterday, this took a good 15 minutes as the Receptionist could not find our last minute.com booking which was made 4 days prior. Finally found the booking and proceeded to check in at the end she asked if I would like Wi-fi in the room (this is at extra cost) I wasn't too fussy however said it would be a nice gesture to have it for free for the amount of time it took to check in.  The hotel was doing a fire alarm test at 16.00hrs that afternoon and my pet hate....Grrr The sign on Reception and a couple of others by the lift informing of the intended alarm  test said Inconvinence instead of Inconvenience. Read your signs before you put them out.  We were allocated a room on 1st floor which was small compared to other Hilton hotels we have stayed at. The windows did…",Date of stay: March 2017,3.0
939,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or935-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,TERRIBLE EXPERIENCE,"This was an absolutely terrible exeperience.  The customer service was atrocious.  We were treated extremely poorly as a result of our age.  We paid extra to be in an executive suite, then were told we did not receive any of the special perks that came along with the additional fee (we were confirmed by fellow Hilton Olympia employees that we did actually qualify for these perks) however the check in employee said we did not.  The room was unsatisfactory and I could have had a better and more comfortable stay had I stayed in a hostel.  My family and I always stay at the Hilton, however after this experience I will never stay there again, nor would I EVER recommend it to anyone.  I have already written an extremely dissatisfied review on Trip Adviser to warn future potential…",Date of stay: March 2017,1.0
940,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or940-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Shocker,Room was smelling  Wet bathroom with leak  Cleaning staff noise at 630am outside room  No toiletries after cleaning  Moved room to torn bedsheets  Staff couldn't careless  No upgrade  Numerous issues to resolve which took my time ,Date of stay: March 2017,1.0
941,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or940-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Good location but dreadful nights sleep,"We were pleased with the location. Really near to Olympia which we were visiting. Arrived Friday night, no issues parking in their car park or checking in. Staff efficient. Ate in their restaurant and again good food and service. The thing which let it down was lack of sleep. The windows in our room, which overlooked busy road did not fit properly and the road traffic noise was horrible all night long.  We barely slept at all and felt jaded all the next day. This spoils our enjoyment if the event we were attending. We could forgive the hotel for being tired but not the fact that the Windows were so poor as to let in so much noise.",Date of stay: March 2017,2.0
942,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or940-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Hilton Olympia - good experience,"Generally very good experience with very helpful and pleasant staff.  All amenities including room and service working and as expected.  Restaurant very good, with quality food and staff.  Location is also excellent and just a short walking distance to Kensington station.",Date of stay: March 2017,4.0
943,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or940-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Near Convention Center,"Great hotel if you are needed to be at the nearby convention center. This is not located in Downtown London, but it can be easily accessible via their transit. Speaking of transit, you can buy an all-day use Oyster card for around 11pounds that gives you unlimited rides with the tube and bus transit in their gift shop. One of the best things I purchased that day since we did get a little mixed up while trying to get to Abbey Road (please note, do not get off the tube on the Abbey Road stop, that is not the correct stop) Please connect with the Concierge's they have. They are very knowledgeable and can purchase tickets for you at a discount for attractions you want to see. We did the London Eye as well as the Hop on Hop off bus route which was phenomenal!.   We had breakfast…",Date of stay: March 2017,3.0
944,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or940-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Excellent place for a trip to london,"Stayed here for two days while we visited the theatre, great location, clean (if slightly dated), and the staff were incredibly helpful. Breakfast was lovely, would definitely recommend paying for it in advance. ",Date of stay: March 2017,5.0
945,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or945-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Great Hotel, up to the Hilton standard but they kept my charger","Great hotel and staff, there is costa coffee in the hotel which is great. The staff are fab and the hotel lives up to the Hilton name. Unfortunately I left my iPhone charger in the room and when I called a couple of days later to collect it, I was told there was no charger in the room. I know for a fact it was in there.",Date of stay: March 2017,4.0
946,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or945-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Some good, some bad","Checked in 17/3/17. Had to upgrade to get a half decent room and that is being a HHonours customer. Window in new room did not open and could not be closed fully either – we were at the front overlooking Kensington High Street, so lots of noise all night. I did not like the way they automatically took a £30 per night pre charge on my credit card. Most hotels put a pre hold, but not a charge they have to refund. Free Wi-Fi, slipper and water was provided in room (which I understand was a deluxe room) as part of being a HHonours member. Toiletries were good, but sewing kit and shower cap boxes were empty. Breakfast was included in my rate and was excellent, could not fault this at all. On check out after 3 nights I was advised we were paid up in full with no additional charges. By…",Date of stay: March 2017,3.0
947,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or945-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Good value for the price paid,"I stayed here about six years ago and did not have a happy experience.  I vowed never to visit again.  However, for the sake of convenience I did return and found the place much improved and would now return.  I paid £124 for a twin room.  The room did look a bit dated but it was clean and the bed was comfortable.  There were robes supplied which is a nice touch.  The room was quiet in spite of facing Kensington High Street.  We had access to the executive lounge which was comfortable with complimentary goodies.  We enjoyed this.  The location was close to Kensington Olympia station.  We had no difficulty getting here from Euston station.  It is a very short walk from Kensington Olympia station.  I know someone mentioned ""poor transport connections"" but that was not my …",Date of stay: March 2017,4.0
948,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or945-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Happy with what we paid.,"We got a mystery deal on wotif, which made the room a reasonable deal. The room was smallish, but big enough, the bathroom was spotless and looked near brand new. Bed was comfortable. The reception was incredibly friendly and attentive. Would have liked a small fridge instead of a mini bar that didn't open, but only a small issue. The hotel is near a overground station that can take a little longer to get to than underground stations, once again, a small issue. Plenty of restaurants and cafes nearby. Nice streets and shine sights are within walking distance.",Date of stay: March 2017,4.0
949,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or945-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Perfect stay,"From the moment i walked in, it was a wonderful experience with great staff on hand. My room was super clean and away from the lift. Executive lounge was well appointed and staff were very attentative but discreet.",Date of stay: March 2017,5.0
950,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or950-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Fantastic staff.  Shabby hotel with poor transportation connections,"Stayed here with friends who had the hotel with a groupon. Firstly the staff at this hotel are excellent, young, professional and enthusiastic. They have a rough time though.  The rooms are small,dated and in need of a makeover. Hilton bedding and towels.  Buffet breakfast was very good (worth the price) and the bar was OK. The hotel is not near a tube station (15 min walk from Earls Court).  You take the C1 bus from Earls Court but you have to use entrance that isn't the main one from the station. Good buses from there to Knightsbridge and the 10 goes to Kings Cross. Decent food nearby. One addition they could easily add is USB ports in the rooms for recharging electronics",Date of stay: March 2017,3.0
951,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or950-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Very dated hotel in need of updates,"This is the second time I've stayed at this property and again, I was underwhelmed. The rooms feel like efficiency rentals and the bathrooms are tiny. I know rooms are not typically spacious in London but these feel cramped even for London. The halls are always noisy and so is the street so ask for an upper level room. The business lounge on the 2nd floor is well appointed and the concierge staff are helpful. ",Date of stay: February 2017,3.0
952,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or950-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Not a bad hotel,The hotel nice but the rooms and hallways could do with a bit of a touch up. The lobby and restaurant are nice. The room was quiet. The breakfast that came with the cost of the room was lovely had a massive choice. I would defo stay again for the price.,Date of stay: March 2017,3.0
953,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or950-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Be Careful of the Room,"This is a good hotel but there are good rooms and bad rooms.... This is the second time I've stayed here. The issue is whether you'll get an outward facing room as they have rooms that only look down into the interior.  This time, my room was interior with a constant hum relating to the main aircon vents.  If you're a light sleeper, make sure they give you an external room. The rooms do look tired.  However, they are spacious in London terms.  You will be lucky to find such a spacious room at that price in London.",Date of stay: March 2017,3.0
954,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or950-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Very disappointing, Not up to the Hilton Standard","This is the second time I have visited this hotel, the first time I visited they apologised for the tattiness of the rooms by stating they were redecorating. I return 14 months later, and the bedrooms are still very tatty, with rust on the bottom of the bath, and generally grimy.  The public rooms are better, but despite it being a busy Friday night, the restaurant was closed and we were given the option of eating in the bar, but still at the price of a restaurant meal.  Extremely poor quality for the price",Date of stay: March 2017,2.0
955,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or955-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Good location,"Stayed here for 2 nights as part of a coach trip. We had a twin room facing a busy road. When you come to London you expect noise anyway, so that was no problem for me.  Anyway, our room was fine with a comfortable bed and good standard of cleanliness. We also decided to have a meal there on our first evening, and again we had no complaints. Also the breakfast buffet had plenty of choice, which was to a very good standard. The hotel is in a good location to walk to the many shops and and all Kensington High Street has to offer. We had a good stay and the staff were all very friendly and helpful.",Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
956,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or955-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,3 days for business with family,"good location, excellent service, excellent breakfast. rooms could be improved by getting updated. internet wifi in the rooms could be better. price a little bit too high. staff extremly professional and helpfull",Date of stay: March 2017,3.0
957,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or955-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Pleasant and comfortable ,We stayed for 3 nights after a long haul flight. The staff were incredibly helpful and very keen to assist. Concierge ++ The hotel is conveniently located to the busses which come regularly. The rooms are clean with plenty of space and comfy beds. This is a great base at a reasonable price to explore London from. ,Date of stay: March 2017,5.0
958,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or955-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Ideal hotel for Olympia, overall good!","I stayed at the hotel for 3 nights in one of the twin rooms as we had an event on at Olympia so distance was a major factor when choosing this hotel. I was lucky enough to get the hotel at a decent price as the prices shot right up just after I booked! I booked through Travel Republic but called the Hilton direct for requests (2 quiet rooms next door to each other - both which we got)  Overall it was a good stay, the rooms are a fair size although the room we were in had a bit of a funky smell (fish like!) If we had of spent more time in the rooms I would have said something (My friends were next door and their room was fine). Bathrooms are very clean and they provide you with soap/shower gel etc if required. However the entire hotel is really in need of a good refurb, The…",Date of stay: March 2017,3.0
959,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or955-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Over priced for quality you should get,Very poor reception service tried to palm us off with a standard room and not executive we new that it was standard as we stayed there last year  Tried to charge us an extra £50 a night to move into a room we had paid for,Date of stay: March 2017,1.0
960,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or960-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Hilton Hotel Olympia Kensington London,Not a great hotel for bedrooms - needs a refurb and for the price paid you expect more.  Also we went for a drink in the bar and no one told us you have to pay for the waitress £2!  Not  that this is a great deal of money but it should make people aware,Date of stay: March 2017,3.0
961,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or960-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Excellent stay for an event st Olympia,Perfect hotel for an event at Olympia which is just around the corner. Approx 15 minute walk to Barons Court tube and onward from there to Covent Garden takes around 15 minutes. Samir served us at breakfast and was so friendly and helpful. ,Date of stay: March 2017,5.0
962,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or960-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Hilton Olympia,"Not value for money. Tired rooms but staff are helpful. Location good for Olympia. Had to change room due to old fat smell in original one, needed to ask for pillows that did not look like lumpy sacks three times ",Date of stay: March 2017,2.0
963,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or960-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Very average,"We have been staying here for several years now and unfortunately some of the rooms need a refurb. Room was shabby and had a musty smell, table was shabby, sofa bed was falling to bits, heating only blowing old cold air all in all needs a bit of work doing to it. Would definitely look for a different hotel next time as rooms aren't cheap ",Date of stay: March 2017,3.0
964,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or960-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Great location,"Clean, comfortable and professionally run. Always look for Hilton hotels when staying away.  Great locations across the world. Bar, restaurants and room service always offering great selection of foods.",Date of stay: March 2017,5.0
965,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or965-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Poor quality, poor value","Heating just blew out cold air. Very basic room. Mediocre at best. Mains socket was completely broken off potentially lethal. No wifi signal at all. Stairs down to car park/gym clearly unhoovered for some time. Breakfast, by contrast, was fantastic - have an omelette!",Date of stay: March 2017,1.0
966,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or965-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Good value and a quiet night's sleep,"I stayed here for a few nights in early February and had a fairly pleasant experience. There was nothing noteworthy about my stay but I mean that in the nicest possible way. Everything went smoothly, everyone was very polite and I enjoyed several good nights of sleep in a quiet and clean environment.  The staff were friendly and reception were very polite. The bar was a bit steep, even by Hilton standards. Two glasses of house wine cost substantially more than the equivalent in the Hilton Sky Bar up on the 23rd floor of Hilton London Metropole where the views are breathtaking.  As Hiltons go - this isn't the greatest Hilton property in Central London but it's also not the worst. The Metropole generally costs more and is a worse experience - especially if you get one of the older…",Date of stay: February 2017,4.0
967,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or965-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,A Special stay,"Took my husband with me on business to London. It was his birthday. Stayed at the Hilton Olympia. From the time we arrived until we departed the staff was wonderful, making his birthday a very memorable experience.",Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
968,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or965-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Couldn't fault a thing ,"I'd booked this as I'd vouchers to use and must admit given some of the previous reviews I was a little apprehensive about what to expect but everything was super , couldn't fault a thing , just brilliant and made me wonder how on earth other reviews could view it so differently.  We booked this hotel for location as we were going to Stamford Bridge for a football  game and stayed 3 nights. Buses run regularly from the front door the 9 and 10 and everything was very accessible to get into the city centre.  Our room wasn't small as previous reviews indicated , I've stayed in smaller and we had booked a simple standard room. King size bed , super comfy , lovely bed linen and feather pillows which I particularly love. Bathroom perfect to with plenty of towels and great shower the…",Date of stay: February 2017,4.0
969,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or965-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Hilton Olympia,"The staff made sure that our stay was comfortable and that we found everything we needed. We were able to have satisfactory meals to meet our schedule, and we were impressed by the quality of the staff.",Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
970,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or970-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Never Again,"Arrived at the Hilton Olympia expecting great things as it was my husbands birthday I decided to upgrade from a standard room to an executive room, what a disappointment. I don't know what the standard room is like but the room we were given was not my idea of an executive room. The décor and furnishings were badly in need of refurbishment. We were facing Kensington High Street and the noise was horrendous, Police sirens, boy racers in their expensive cars, (don't think the windows were double glazed) the wind was howling through the ill fitting windows causing the ill fitting door to rattle all the time. As the upgrade was not cheap I expected much better than this. We should have had mineral water in our room and every day we had to ask for it.  I could not fault the staff…",Date of stay: February 2017,2.0
971,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or970-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Nice Hotel ,Been there recently and got upgraded to executive room. Barbara is a very professional host in the lounge. Food was excellent. Convenient business centre. Very warm welcome and strongly recommend! Have another booking for couple of nights  ,Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
972,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or970-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Amazing - as always,"I stay at Hilton Olympia when attending trade shows at the Olympia exhibition centre - the staff are amazing and for me makes this hotel an automatic go to - always friendly, efficient and nothing is too much trouble - the staff here make the hotel! Will always be backn",Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
973,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or970-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Wonderful service - a very pleasant surprise,Having just arrived off an early flight I made my way to the hotel thinking 'here we go...bog standard Hilton'.... I got a pleasant surprise.  Judit on reception was a star.  So early in 2017 she may actually get my Star of the Year award!!  She was warm and engaging...very apologetic that my room wasn't ready.  To be fair it was only 1pm so I couldn't complain!  She offered me an invite to the Exec Lounge to wait. Very nice I thought....what was really impressive was about half an hour later she appeared in the lounge with my key as the room was ready. Superb service and quite unexpected.   As a previous Diamond level person at Hilton I have recently switched to Accor and am now Silver at Hilton.  They have won me back with this great experience.   The hotel itself probably…,Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
974,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or970-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Need refurbishment,"Had three nights on that hotel. Rooms are small and cold, I think there was no heating at all. Also bed was not anything like you can wait if you pay over 200 gbp per night. Bar and reception are really fine, as conference areas. Still rooms are really demanding some upgrading.",Date of stay: February 2017,2.0
975,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or975-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Great Location for Events at Olympia,Hotel is located 2 minutes walk from Olympia. Rooms are comfortable and breakfast is good. Not a lot of local bars or restaurants so if not needing to be near Olympia I would probably look for a hotel in a busier area.,Date of stay: February 2017,4.0
976,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or975-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Very Nice Accommodations,"The hotel staff is friendly and helpful. The breakfast buffet is exceptional, with a wide variety of both hot and cold food choices and a very attentive service staff.  The rooms are comfortable, spacious, and quiet.",Date of stay: February 2017,4.0
977,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or975-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Tired hotel, useless Internet","I stayed here because it was near the Olympia which was a huge mistake. I only had to do work, make Skype calls and sleep. My evening was a disaster when the Internet signal was so low in my room my iPhone did not even see the network and my laptop had one bar. After calling the Front desk, then being put to the BTZone tech help desk and 40 minutes later, I got ""sorry. Can you go to the restaurant or lounge to use the internet"". That was it. No compensation. No room (""we are fully booked""). Nothing. And, BTW, I am a Diamond member. I did a search and see a bunch of posts on this same issue with the hotel. Clearly they are too cheap to upgrade their equipment and make their business guests happy. Last time I stay here or the other 6 employees that I have staying here!",Date of stay: February 2017,1.0
978,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or975-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Review,"Hotel room was small and cold even with the heat raised.  Bed was comfortable, but not the pillow-top or memory foam, which I prefer.   Room service and food were excellent.   Guest relation service were also excellent.  Room was quite clean. Company paid for accommodation so I am uncertain vis. price. Location was not ideal for the art and theater district.",Date of stay: February 2017,3.0
979,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or975-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,good locations but tired rooms and basic service,Bedrooms need refreshing and modernising - public areas somewhat better Service very standard and felt a little automated Menus very limited in the bar Breakfast choice extensive but some items overcooked,Date of stay: February 2017,3.0
980,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or980-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Excellent stay at the Hilton in London,This hotel has friendly staff that is very helpful. The price is right for my stay here. Enjoyed the complimentary breakfast and great service throughout my stay. I would recommend this hotel to others,Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
981,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or980-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Good place to stay,"Throughout my life, I have stayed in different Hiltons all around the world. When I compare this one with others, Olympia was not the best actually. However, when I compare it with other hotels in London I stay, I was really good since the room was quite big and spacious, the bed was awesome. There was a good breakfast with a variety of foods. However, the bathroom was fairly average. When I booked this hotel, initially I supposed it will be tough to use public transport since the nearest tube station is around 15-20 minutes far by foot (keep in mind: olympia tube station is almost always closed). Yet, it was not the case since there are frequent bus services which has a stop just in front of the hotel (buses #9 and #10). So transportation was quite convenient. I can recommend…",Date of stay: January 2017,5.0
982,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or980-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Good hotel,"Really lovely helpful, attentative staff , I liked the overall feel of this hotel . Perfectly clean , comfy beds . Wifi connection poor in the rooms tho :( , everything else was good .  Location great .",Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
983,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or980-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,definitely not the best example of Hilton,"while hotel was convenient to the trade show we attended, the balance was not good.  Poor / no heat in the room, terrible and inconsistent wifi.  Service in the bar/restaraunt was terrible.  Asked both the waitress and bartender questions about the menu and they had no idea what a couple of items were, said they'd need to check with the chef.",Date of stay: February 2017,2.0
984,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or980-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Average for London Poor for a Hilton,"Stayed overnight after watching a show. Chose to upgrade to an executive room. Worst executive room I have ever booked. The decor was tired, old and needed serious refurbishing. The room was small and 'cosy' and as far as I could gauge, no different from the standard 'guest' room. Wifi took me 15 to 20 minutes to do my BA check in. TV entertainment provided by the hotel was fuzzy and again could do with upgrading.The executive lounge provided and as far as I could see, the only reason to upgrade, was average. The big positives are the polite and excellent staff and the excellent location. On the whole, a serious let-down for the Hilton brand.",Date of stay: February 2017,3.0
985,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or985-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Very tired now and slow breakfast service,"Stayed here many times. Check in and out was faster than usual. Our room was ready by 1pm which was good. Room was very tired, really need a refurb now. Breakfast was a long wait as all at an exhibition at Olympia so wanted breakfast at the same sort of time.  They really aight to offer an alternative ie continental in the bar area. ",Date of stay: February 2017,3.0
986,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or985-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Great location for the Pure fashion but horrific beds!,"Firstly the pros. It's a great location for Pure London, rooms are spacious and it has a costa coffee! Cons - rooms need updating decor wise, bathrooms are tired but it's the beds that are truly horrific. Mattresses are cheap, nasty, uncomfortable and should have been chucked years ago! To be fair my request for mattress toppers was promptly seen too by staff as was my request for foam pillows so praise for that, but tbh the beds and mattresses need to be updated and for the Hilton brand to carry such cheap mattresses is disappointing.",Date of stay: February 2017,2.0
987,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or985-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,No complaints here,"Recently stayed here, very impressed with this hotel. Lovely sized room, comfortable beds, well equipped with everything you need.Liked the light and airy bar area. Ideal location for Olympia, would definitely stay here again.",Date of stay: February 2017,4.0
988,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or985-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Great service,"The staff at this hotel are so welcoming and friendly. A special mention for Dean in the society bar. He was fantastic. The room was adequate although a little dated. Comfortable bed and spotlessly clean throughout. Breakfast was great with choices for everyone,again great service. Thank you for a great stay. Just one negative, it's a fair walk to the nearest tube.",Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
989,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or985-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,dinner inclusive confusion,"Have stayed at this Hilton several times now for business purposes as it is so close to Olympia.  Have always had dinner bed and breakfast inclusive, as we have little time to go out to a restaurant.  We have always enjoyed a three course dinner as the inclusive option - this time however there was great confusion as to what was included.  We were in the end told that it was a two course meal (which was lovely if a little disappointing) .It would be really good for there to be an indication of what is correct when making the booking.",Date of stay: February 2017,3.0
990,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or990-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,It's a Hilton ...typical...only few issues,"On the positive side, the staff is great, although few locals the staff do their best.  As nice and accommodating as can be.  The hotel has a good restaurant and coffee shop.  Great place for business meetings.   Moving on....The rooms are fine. The beds are great. The problem is both the Wifi and wall sockets.  Wifi is very weak and slows work if you depend on a norm speed...it is well below normal speed.  Lobby, in the rooms or elsewhere does not help the speed. There are perhaps 2 wall sockets available and no USB charge plugs and only UK standard. Difficult to work in room due to electricity limitations and weak wifi. The hotel charges for an early arrival which is either good or bad depends on your own feelings.",Date of stay: February 2017,4.0
991,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or990-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Super hotel,"Hotel lobby is very modern looking as is the restaurant/bar area. Staff were extremely helpful. The room was very clean and tidy but small for a double room. Is only a place to lay your head at night so all good. Has all bits that you require in your room i. e hairdryer, ironing board, tv. Nice little touches with all the toiletries in the room and tea making facilities. Only a couple of negatives which were only tea or coffee not hot chocolate and windows need upgrading as sounded as though windows were open but they weren't! So room not as warm as it could have been. Personally, don't like it too hot. Shower more than made up for heat in room as really toasty. Breakfast top notch! Everything you could possibly want. Would definitely recommend and stay again.",Date of stay: February 2017,4.0
992,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or990-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Great place for Olympia,Great location for exhibitions at the Olympia.  Staff are friendly and helpful although when busy the attentiveness does slip somewhat.  Rooms clean and comfortable and good wif and facilities.  Would definitely stay again.,Date of stay: February 2017,4.0
993,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or990-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Convenient accommodation Olympia,"Excellent helpful staff especially front of house gentleman called Bevan. We stayed here last weekend for travel show at Olympia, just 10 min walk. Clean, warm and even got rugby forvsix nations on big screen for us to watch.",Date of stay: February 2017,4.0
994,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or990-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Excellent hotel!,"Had booked into a hotel further along the road, it was so awful we just left even though we had already paid - it was THAT bad... then threw ourselves on the mercy of the Hilton. Patricia on check in could not have been more lovely or more helpful, and thanks to her patience and kindness what had started as a horrible evening ended up to be brilliant. Cannot thank her, or any of the lovely staff enough. The room was spacious and clean (totally unlike the other hotel...), the bar was lovely, the executive lounge was a real bonus and a welcome retreat from the madness of Expo at Olympia. Highly recommend this hotel, and am so grateful to them all, especially Patricia! 😊",Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
995,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or995-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Great Staff, Good location for Olympia","I can't remember being so well looked after at a hotel. Every bit of the hotel from the reception, to the concierge, the restaurant, breakfast, bar, cleaning every where, the staff were attentive, polite, couldn't do enough, very friendly and so on. There were unquestionably the best trained staff I have ever seen and I travel. The food was also very very good, the location for the Olympia was great, so that leave one moan...the rooms were a little dated and the windows let in a lot of noise. But its forgotten by the way the staff look after you.",Date of stay: February 2017,4.0
996,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or995-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Average for the price.,"The gym is tiny. Anymore than four or five people and you are waiting to use a machine     Breakfast is okay. Could use more of a variety. But satisfactory. No dental kit in your room so bring your own.  Shower is good and powerful. Location wise is okay. I walked to Harrods and Buckingham Palace. Quite a walk, but nice if the weather suits. ",Date of stay: February 2017,3.0
997,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or995-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Great hotel,Went for a boxing event at the Olympia. All the boxing stars were staying at the same hotel which made it a great experience. They even upgraded our room on arrival which was nice. Great room and a lovely breakfast in the morning.,Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
998,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or995-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Very good business hotel,"I've stayed here before but this time booked an Executive Suite which was a really good size, the wifi was free and fast and the Executive lounge provided a comfortable, quiet location for breakfast. The location is ideal for Olympia.",Date of stay: February 2017,4.0
999,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or995-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Only plus convenient for Olympia,Rooms well below par for a Hilton and only the only real benefit was it was near the Olympia conference centre. The overall service was poor and whilst I am sure they are busy they know that in advance. The gym was a joke stuck in the basement with hardly any equipment.,Date of stay: February 2017,2.0
1000,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1000-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Good hotel in a nice location,"Stayed here for three nights from Thursday to Sunday. The hotel is located in a nice location which is not too busy and manic but close enough to transport links to get into the centre of London if you so chose.  The staff were friendly and helpful, the room was a decent size and clean.   The only negatives were that our room keys stopped working every morning (despite being kept away from other cards etc.), breakfast was a chaotic and stressful experience with staff rushing round like headless chickens but this is probably due to the number of guests and can't be helped, and our room was next to some kind of ventilator which was very noisy but luckily we are heavy sleepers.  However despite all that, we would definitely stay at this hotel and other Hilton hotels based on our…",Date of stay: February 2017,4.0
1001,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1000-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Good location for the olympia,"on business again, and doing a show at the Olympia. It's a great location for those who are exhibiting or visiting the Olympia......however it seems a little out of the way.   I used trip advisor to find some local places to eat, but whether its because I am tired or  due to the weather it just felt somewhat secluded, and away from the ""life of london""  The hotel itself is nice, not a terrible price for london, though I've had a lot better for a lot less in other parts of the country.   The staff are friendly and all in all, it has just been a very average experience, that maywell be more down to me, though certainly nothing blew me away.",Date of stay: February 2017,3.0
1002,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1000-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Reasonable value, avoid the road facing rooms","Not much of a Hilton standard as rooms are jaded, air con is shaky and fixtures are dated. On the upside location is quite straightforward, lounge is decent and breakfast quite wholesome. Staff were really friendly and professional.  Had the road facing room, was very noisy through the night plus the trains, ask for the inside rooms as view is not worth staying up for!",Date of stay: January 2017,3.0
1003,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1000-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,consistently very good,We always stay here when we are in London and must have stayed more than a dozen times. The service is always good. We stayed last weekend and were looked after very well by Selene on reception. Our room was comfortable and clean a little noisy being in the front of the hotel. The restaurant staff were attentive and very hard working. We will be back before long.,Date of stay: January 2017,5.0
1004,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1000-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Great location for Olympia but very dated and tired,"The hotel is old, tired and very dated. The foyer and public areas have had a refurb but the corridors and bedrooms are some of the some of the oldest and dated of any hotel I've been in. Wifi stopped working as soon as we entered the room. Whilst clean, there were stains on the ceiling from water leaks. The furniture is old, the brown wallpaper is dull. The staff were lovely and very helpful though, can't be faulted. Absolutely not what one would expect from a Hilton and in no way shape or form should this hotel be classed as a 4 star ",Date of stay: January 2017,3.0
1005,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1005-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Convenient for Olympia.,Have stayed here several times. Although the rooms do need some updating I would still return. Good service all round. Food good for lunch and dinner. They do get a bit overwhelmed at breakfast when busy but do their best. They seem to need more staff at peak times. ,Date of stay: January 2017,4.0
1006,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1005-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Olympia Show Visit,"Have stayed here a number of times when visiting shows at Olympia. The hotel could do with refurbishment but it's clean, good rooms, excellent breakfast and attentive staff, what more could you ask for. Typical London prices at the bar. Would always try to use this hotel for visits to West London.",Date of stay: January 2017,4.0
1007,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1005-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,crew stay,"standards have dropped could do better here. staff at front desk and restaurant were nice but rest don't smile or say hello. toilets in bad shape, plaster falling off water not draining from shower, no water kept in room.",Date of stay: January 2017,3.0
1008,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1005-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,What a nightmare,"Sitting in the dark as the power tripped and it's only taken 30 minutes for the hotel to send someone up to look at it.  Still waiting on them to also fix the faulty window seal as room is above the main road and road noise is deafening, only asked them to do this 2 hours ago.  Don't think I'll be checking in here again.",Date of stay: January 2017,1.0
1009,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1005-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Good location,"Stayed here mid December for a weekend shopping in London. Chose this hotel due to it having secure parking which wasn't horrifically  priced at £35 when the car was secure and hidden away in an underground car park. We weren't overly impressed with the hotel, air corn was faulty and so the room was like a sauna and could barely open the window to let fresh air in. The room was adequate but dated as is the entire hotel. The bonus was it is in a convenient location for shopping and we could get to hyde park by bus in less than 20 minutes. Would return to the area but to a hotel of a higher standard.",Date of stay: December 2016,3.0
1010,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1010-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Stay weekly,"Fantastic hotel with great staff and facilities, would definitely recommend for any stays.  The rooms facing the road can be noisey and the internet connection in some rooms is weak, but if you get any problems the staff are always on hand to help you out. ",Date of stay: January 2017,5.0
1011,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1010-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Older Property,"Although staff were nice, this property is older and more difficult to use. The heating did not work, room was cold, outlets are limited and awkward locations, carpet and wall siding is dated and frayed. Perhaps it is just the room in which I stayed. The food was average. ",Date of stay: January 2017,2.0
1012,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1010-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,This place is in need of a thorough renovation. 'Rather 1 than 4 star. Awfull,"This place is in need of a thorough renovation. Far from Hilton standard. And not worth the money. Staff do their best but cannot compensate the infrastructural issues. Best of all, with my 186 cm i cannot even stand upright in the bathtub shower!!! Ugly",Date of stay: January 2017,1.0
1013,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1010-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Honeymoon trip,Hotel was amazing and breakfast was above and beyond.  The concierge service was very helpful. Everything is centrally located to all the main attractions/tourist activities.  We went to the Camden market which was very cool.,Date of stay: January 2017,5.0
1014,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1010-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Excellent Location for Business,The Hilton Olympia is conveniently located close to the Olympia trade show which made our business trip much easier. It is also located close to many central London locations. Service was excellent -staff were top notch.,Date of stay: January 2017,5.0
1015,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1015-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,They are the best,"The service is excellent.  The staff helpful and accommodating.  Our rooms are always clean and they will bring you anything you want.  Great neighborhood!  The wake up calls arrive on time, which is very important to us.",Date of stay: January 2017,5.0
1016,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1015-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Extremely convenient for shows at Olympia,"Stayed here for 3 nights to work at Olympia.  Very comfortable beds and lovely clean bedding and towels. Room was a good comfortable size but bathroom very small.  The heating wasn't working, only cold air, and we were uncomfortably cold.  We couldn't get any help for the first night with the heating but we were given more bedding. Following day we asked again and after work we came back to a very warm room as they had put an electric heater in the room. Very nice bar and lounge which we used late evenings, very friendly helpful staff.",Date of stay: January 2017,4.0
1017,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1015-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Poor Hilton,"Very disappointed, old and crappy. Needs completely renovation. However, staff is very helpful and polite. We were not satisfied with first room and we were moved to the 7th floor to a ""better"" room. Still very low standard. Good breakfast and good location.",Date of stay: January 2017,2.0
1018,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1015-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Excellent Stay,"Excellent hotel, staff very friendly and helpful, within walking distance of Olympia, would highly recommend.  Rooms clean and good facilities.  Good bar food menu and breakfast.  No negatives.  Will definitely stay here again",Date of stay: January 2017,5.0
1019,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1015-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Fabulous hotel for shows at the olympia ,"Great hotel if you are attending a show at the olympia. A few mins wall away from the venue. Lovely clean hotel with good facilities restaurant,  bar and 24 hour gym. Helpful staff and a few mins walk from the busy Kensington high Street. Reasonable rates and good variety at the breakfast buffet. Bar food also really good! Enjoyed our stay. ",Date of stay: January 2017,4.0
1020,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1020-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Great hotel and location,"We stayed here over Christmas and couldn't have been more pleased, the location is about a 15 minute walk to the Kensington High Street tube station, and an easy walk beyond that to Kensington Palace, the gardens, and Hyde Park.  Our room was very nice and also cozy, the hallways take a bit of getting used to as some of them have stairs that go up and down a half level, I'm guessing this building has been added on over the years. Great bed, we slept very soundly and no street noise, we were on the 6th floor, the only thing about the room that was a little odd was a door stop in the middle of the floor that we both stepped on a couple of times until we got used to it.  The staff was very helpful and the gift shop stocks electrical converters in case you forgot yours like I did. …",Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
1021,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1020-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,EXCELLENT SERVICE BY PROFESSIONAL STAFF,"I was deeply impressed by the quality of service and the skills of the staff. Very clean, tidy and quiet. The acoustic of rooms needs some care: at night you can hear everything from the room next to yours. But overland really good.",Date of stay: January 2017,5.0
1022,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1020-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Weekend stay,Arrived on Friday pm and left on Monday am.  Had a pleasant stay.  The staff were all very helpful and pleasant.  The buffet breakfast was excellent as usual. We have stayed several times before and will use this hotel again.  Excellent value.,Date of stay: January 2017,4.0
1023,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1020-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Excellent overnight,This hotel was booked ahead of the stay and the app made check in and selection of room very easy and actually enjoyable. Check in was carried out by Bevan who was very helpful and paid an interest in the reason for our stay.  The room was very clean and well presented. We had complimentary water as members of the Hilton Honors which also included free wi-fi. The app also allowed us to order room extras including balloons or wine (for a charge) and free pillows or towels before we arrived.  On arrival we requested additional toiletries as there was only one set and when we returned to the room it had been delivered with a mysterious additional set of tissue products.  The breakfast the next day was very filling and there was a huge amount of choice. As a veggie I was able to…,Date of stay: January 2017,5.0
1024,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1020-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Tired and Average,"Stayed for 4 nights over New Years eve.  We were able to check in to a room early (this was a +)!  Lobby and bar/restaurant are great, but that is where it ends.  The elevators, corridors and rooms looked tired and beaten.  No view from the room we had, and the bathroom was one of the smallest I have seen!  Had to contact the front desk one night at the room had not been cleaned by 5 pm...",Date of stay: June 2016,3.0
1025,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1025-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Good hotel in London,Comfortable bed made you sleep well and here you can have extra pillows that you like. Kensington is always good location for business or leisure. Friendly staffs at the hotel are the heart of the service.,Date of stay: January 2017,4.0
1026,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1025-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Old and no view from the rooms,"The room wasn't clean, not comfortable, no view, the room window was so small, the furniture is really old, the lounge doesn't have as much food variety, staff were friendly; maybe because I stayed the night before the new year. ",Date of stay: December 2016,2.0
1027,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1025-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Utterly Butterly Disappointing. Stay away from this hotel.,"The hotel is showing its age (bathrooms are in a horrible state) and the personnel do not care. I am an elite member and am spending five nights with my family. I am bleeding through my nose. Bad service, poor response, horrific rooms, very poor restaurant service (now in the front pub) and bad menu ... and above all irrational approaches towards the customer. I have a cold room, uncomfortable bed, inadequate bathroom amenities and very poor service.I give you a two star rating. Not a Hilton service anymore. Not Worth the money. I will never return here.",Date of stay: January 2017,2.0
1028,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1025-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Hilton Olympia great value for the money,"The staff at this hotel were fantastic, especially the breakfast crew who did all they could to help make our stay a memorable experience. Breakfast was a highlight of our stay as the food and barista coffee was fabulous! ",Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
1029,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1025-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,No title,Beds are hard as rocks. Requested a wake up call to be ready for pickup car that was booked by the hotel did not get that call almost missed flight to airport the concierge appeared in happy when I booked a tour without him involved not sure if he didn't get a kick back from the company but it seemed like it,Date of stay: December 2016,3.0
1030,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1030-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Some Hilton on the side,"The hotel amenities are very adequate and the staff are very helpful. The people in the breakfast area are very cordial, one lady in particular, I think her name was Alina was very cheerful and greeted everybody with much respect.  Room size is not enormous but I had space for my luggage and shopping too. The bathroom is quite small and for tall people having a shower could be a feat. I'm 170cm and had a clearance above my head of 15 cm so if your taller you might bump a little.  The room was very clean as was the bathroom. So that is a very good thing in my honest opinion. It does need some upgrading especially connectivity such as TV which is outdated compared with today's standards.  WIFI is faultless as had a very good connection and could watch Netflix without and…",Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
1031,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1030-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Not a proper Hilton  outdated,This hotel is very outdated. The comfort of the bed rooms were extremely uncomfortable.   We ended up checking out one night early because we were so uncomfortable.  Be prepared for your keys not to work when you go to your room. We had to have the front desk come up with us because we couldn't get into our room,Date of stay: December 2016,1.0
1032,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1030-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Bad experience,"The rooms in this property need serious renovation. The smell of the ""clean"" towels was so bad and overall the room didnt look cleaned. The toilet is so old that it cannot even work properly. The common areas look good since they have been renovated but dont get fooled.",Date of stay: January 2017,2.0
1033,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1030-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,New Years eve,"Very nice hotel.  Young man on reception very helpful and we could check into our room straight away.     Nearest tube station was high street Kensington.  If you are using buses, a short walk from the hotel is the first bus stop.  All buses from this stop go to the High Street Kensington tube station. ",Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
1034,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1030-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,CHEAP WITH CHEAP ACCOMMODATIONS,"Cramped rooms with old tubs and hard/old mattresses. Stay here expecting probably bottom tier type hilton hotel. It is near the tube so that is nice and the lobby is about the only nice looking thing this hotel has.  The rooms are outdated (VERY OUTDATED) and stuff like minibar is just a non working refrigerator with 2 diet cokes and 2 regular cokes. It felt like a motel with a nice lobby to be honest. It was cheap so that was nice, but not what we expected out of a Hilton.",Date of stay: December 2016,2.0
1035,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1035-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Dissappointing!,Find another hotel.  This location is perfect but the property is far from being adequate.  I don't understand why this property is so poor in service and accommodations.  The location is Excellent. I would NEVER recommend this property.,Date of stay: December 2016,1.0
1036,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1035-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Pleasant stay for business trip,"Stayed two nights on a business trip. Check in quick and straightforward. All staff were pleasant and welcoming. Room was on the small side and a little dated but all very clean, comfortable bed and good shower. Breakfast was good, choice of cereals, fruit, cheeses, cooked breakfast and chef making omelettes to order. Service in restaurant quick and all staff friendly and welcoming. Lovely bar area. Hotel is well placed for train station. Lovely indian restaurant a short walk away and friendly pub with real ales with very knowledgeable young American Bar maid. Would stay here again.",Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
1037,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1035-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Very Nice Hotel,We really enjoyed our stay here.  The hotel was nicely decorated and very clean.  The room was just spacious enough and the bed was very comfortable.  We enjoyed the breakfast the hotel provided.  The location was convenient.  Nice pubs and restaurants around.  Convenient to public transport.  Would definitely stay there again!,Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
1038,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1035-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Great location and transport links,"I picked this Hotel for the location primarily. My first choice would have been another hotel right on Kensington high street but couldn't afford the £300+ per night fee. I stayed two nights. I was hesitant to book the Hilton after seeing a few reviews here but decided to take a chance.  In short, summary of my views Main lobby is clean, lots of seating and I did think maybe the rooms would match the fresh decor. Breakfast has plenty of choices, you will not leave hungry. Lifts all working, I did not wait long or have any issues here All the staff I dealt with were courteous  Room - I paid a slightly higher rate for a 'delux' room and this was a large room with high ceilings and a huge bed. Decor a little tired looking. The windows faced the front of the hotel, they were…",Date of stay: December 2016,3.0
1039,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1035-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Small room, very dated","I have stayed in several Hiltons and this is by far the worst. The rooms are small and dated and very expensive. I tried to book some extra nights at the front desk and was told I had to do it online, not a major thing but an inconvenience nonetheless, I would think that helping you spend more money at the Hotel would be part of the experience?",Date of stay: November 2016,2.0
1040,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1040-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Feeling a member of a wonderful hospitality brand,"Hilton Hotels are my first and sensible choice whereever I travel and whenever I can. The hotel staff are always accomadating and supportive. The executive lounge is my favorite-offering snacks, refreshments and a comfortable and secure place to relax. Highly recommended.",Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
1041,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1040-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Work visit to Olympia,"Tha Olympia Hilton is all you would expect from a large central London international hotel. Professional staff, well run, clean and comfortable but no real character. The bar is busy and well run and service is fast even wen the bar is full.   The hotel is 2 minutes walk from the underground and overground train station, Olympia is only 2 minutes and Kensington High Street 5 minutes.  The hotel has a car park that we all know is rare for a London hotel. You can not reserve a space and it is first come first serverd and small, so I would recommend you have a plan B for parking it is also very tight to parking with small spaces.  A warning the mini bar is linkend direct to the reception, if you open ot to see what is in it you will be billed even if you don't take anything out of…",Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
1042,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1040-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Excellent location for Olympia,Hotel is in an excellent location for Olympia. Hotel is clean but a little dated. Although we did digital check in for 3.00 the room we checked into wasn't available when we got there until 7.00. We were given another room but this was on the front of the hotel - the windows in this room were draughty and not at all soundproof. I would stay here again as it is convenient but would double check before arriving which room we were in and what time we could check in.,Date of stay: December 2016,3.0
1043,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1040-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,For a Central London Hotel-this Hotel is very good.,Arrived at the Hilton Olympia after a long flight and a long tube journey.The Reception was welcoming and seemed genuinely interested in making my stay as comfortable as possible.Offered a quiet room away from traffic noise without me having to ask.  The room was bright clean and well appointed.Sleep quality was good.The breakfast buffet was very good and once again the staff were keen to ensure satisfaction.  So-no negatives-only positives.Would recommend and stay there again in the future.,Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
1044,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1040-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Not the service we were expecting,"Got there at 16.30, our pre-booked wheelchair accessible room was meant to have been ready at 15.00 but wasn't, we were offered a seat in the lounge to wait for it to be ready. After 15 minutes of trying to check in, we just said give us any room as its only for one night, we'll manage. Not happy with the service and the room ended up being less than accessible based on not being able to get in the bathroom but I suppose that our own fault for not waiting. Overall the hotel is dated and tired and is in need of renovation. Location doe Olympia was good, but I wont be stopping there next year.",Date of stay: December 2016,3.0
1045,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1045-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Old and aged,Very tired hotel. Rooms need serious refurbishment. Public spaces are minimal and crowded. Business lounge is a circus. Internet is ok but not constant. Staff is friendly but overwhelmed. Location es excellent and close to all public transport possibilities. Price is absurd for the quality of location.,Date of stay: December 2016,2.0
1046,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1045-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Disaster - steer clear for Olympia horse show!,"Now I do not usually complain or write shirty reviews unless in exceptional circumstances, however, I feel after having to flag a taxi down (£150 later) from London to Brighton at 12am on a Saturday night due to this hotels poor organisational skills after waiting an hour for the reception to come to a decision warrants a firm review. One star is still too high of a rating for this establishment - if you can even call it that. Absolutely diabolical customer service - explain to me again how and why you failed to inform your guests that we couldn't use the bar upstairs as it was for a private function and for riders/owners only? The night before and the night before that and in fact the whole week before it was a free bar and any of your guests could use it. We were not any old…",Date of stay: December 2016,1.0
1047,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1045-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Shocking....and we didn't even get there!,"My friend and I take her daughter to the London International Horse show every year and we always stay at the Hilton Park Lane. For next year however I booked two rooms for two nights at this property.  During the booking process and AFTER I had clicked pay the price went up £100 per room.  Called Hilton and was advised that the Site Usage T&C's refer to 'technical inaccuracies or omissions' that could be corrected at any time.  The agent however advised that prices increased due to supply and demand.  This is not a 'technical inaccuracy' this is just not fair.  I can start a booking and you don't tell me your putting the price up until after I click pay!!! Shame on you Hilton, oh and keeping me on the phone to Bulgaria for 20 minutes is not endearing either.",Date of stay: December 2016,1.0
1048,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1045-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Olympia Visit,"When going to Olympia International Horse Show the place to stay & one I have always recommended to friends 'was' the Hilton Olympia but this was NOT the case this year!! The best word to describe it was 'disappointing'!  Checking in was a disaster ~ corridors we're dirty ~ the room was small ~ the road noise was appalling due to the glazing not being adequate and to top it off guests where not allowed to use the 'Society Bar & Restaurant' after 6pm due to a 'private function' ~ this was NOT explained prior to arrival, on arrival and NO alternative was offered ~ when we enquired at reception we we're told 'your only option is you can go to your room and use room service' ",Date of stay: December 2016,2.0
1049,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1045-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Pleasantly surprised,"Stayed here for Olympia Horse Show this weekend with my mum and we weren't disappointed and especially after reading some of the reviews on here.  Bevan who checked us in was more than obliging.  I hadn't realised at the time that we had booked an Executive Room, so we were doubly pleased with the Executive lounge, where the food and drinks on offer was very nice and  nothing was too much trouble from the staff.  Rooms were lovely and spacious, very comfy beds, nice and dark and quiet enough at night and we had a room overlooking the road - room 636 is very nice. Breakfast was fab, loads and loads of choice, I asked for fried bread which was made for me and brought over to our table. My only criticism was the 'powdered eggs' used to make scrambled eggs - really don't know why…",Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
1050,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1050-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Trip to London olypia horse show,Very expensive for a run down hotel if honest. Only picked it as disabled and hotel right next to horse show. But our room was a hike from the lifts including small flight of stairs even though hotel knew I was disabled rust stains down bath hand rail not what I woukd expect for £200 plus a night. Bed ok but nothing like the comfort of the premier Inn beds and half the price .,Date of stay: December 2016,2.0
1051,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1050-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Stayed for Olympia,Have stayed at Hilton every other year for Olympia but this year the facilities and the stay did not compare. The double glazing was really draughty and room cold. Room service was poor and just did not meet with expectations snd the cost ,Date of stay: December 2016,3.0
1052,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1050-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Great stay,"Enjoyed my stay! Breakfast is awesome, room is cozy, great location close to tube.definely will be back. Check in was quick and pleasant. Although could not find the outlet to change but found one in the alarm clock.",Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
1053,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1050-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Very friendly and helpful staff,"From the front desk to the exec lounge, Genuinely pleasant staff. Very handy for the Royal Albert Hall. Everything you'd expect from a Hilton. Lifts are a bit small. As is the exec lounge which can feel crowded on a busy evening but pleasant provisions.",Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
1054,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1050-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Lovely Hotel,"Great location for couple to stay and visit attractions in and around London. Staff are very happy and helpful, which makes your stay enjoyable. Great breakfast which is a plus to get you started for the day ahead.",Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
1055,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1055-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Ok,"Very hot room combined with a window that wouldn't open. I wonder why this can't be improved although it has been mentioned by many customers.   Flexibility with early check-in, very good location for Olympia and Westfield, friendly staff.",Date of stay: December 2016,3.0
1056,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1055-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Disappointing...,"Granted, there are positives: the room was clean and apart from the lady at the check out desk when we left, the staff was very friendly. We'd read the reviews so we knew the rooms were small and dated, but this hotel gives a whole new meaning to the term 'cramped': I'm 5 ft 8 (1.75) and i couldn't stand under the shower; my head hit the ceiling! When I told the receptionist as we checked out, she replied ""all the rooms on that side are like that"" and immediately turned to the next person in line. Such a shame, because up until then my friend and i thought it was pretty funny (I mean how often do you get to feel like a giant ;-) but this receptionists indifference was just rude. We're definitely staying somewhere else next time.",Date of stay: December 2016,2.0
1057,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1055-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Clean but not comfortable ,"We stayed for one night. The room was dated and fairly small, though it was clean and quiet. Unfortunately the only window was onto a tiny courtyard facing directly into other people's rooms. The room was very very hot, the a/C didn't cool the room down and the sheltered courtyard didn't help either. We ended up having to leave the door to the corridor open. We were not the only people to complain of the heat too. It made for a very uncomfortable night. ",Date of stay: December 2016,3.0
1058,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1055-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Tired hotel, crampy room & too warm","Stayed in this hotel for 2 nights (Fri. & Satur.)  As soon as I opened the door to the room, I can smell old carpet.  Room was very crampy. Bed was positioned almost from wall to wall, with very small space to go to the other side of the room - approx. 30 cm.  Room was also too warm. Yes, it's December, but even after I increased the fan to the max and lowered the thermostat to the lowest, it was still too warm. I brought my PJ but couldn't wear them because it was too warm in the room. Couldn't open the window either because the room was facing the street and it got too noisy. Bed & bathroom were clean, but piles of dust can be seen on the chairs. There is no fridge in the room.  A bit difficult to find directions to my room as the signs were not very clear. Some of the signs…",Date of stay: December 2016,2.0
1059,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1055-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Third time unlucky,"It was the third time this year that we have stayed at the Kensington Olympia Hilton and I have to say it will be the last. My wife is a gold card member of Hilton and as such gets an upgrade but the room we were shown was big, rather bare and freezing cold. We tried putting the A/C to its highest but after almost an hour it was plain that the room would not heat up and this was a very mild day. Hilton’s solution was “we can send up a heater” We asked to change rooms and accepted a standard much smaller room but it was a bit warmer. Walking down the corridors later we spotted two small heaters outside other rooms.  Hilton, it may cost more but you really should turn up the heating a bit. The staff  were the usual friendly and helpful lot but the hotel is starting to look very…",Date of stay: December 2016,3.0
1060,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1060-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Where's the HEAT!,"I've been a Hilton Honors member since 2010 and this location has lowered the bar to a new level.  Although I was initially skeptical with this property based on the mix reviews on TA, I had limited choices for my business travel.  I was hoping this experience would follow the great past experiences I’ve had with other Hilton properties in London.  Not a chance.  This is long and winded but for everyone’s own good.  First the good: - Executive Lounge:  A little small but very professional and curious staff.  Excellent choice of beverages and appetizers.  - House cleaning:  Did an exceptional job in keeping the room clean.  Now the bad:  - No Heat.  Only stayed two nights (coldest of the year) on the 7th of 8 floors and the average temperature in the room each night was 68F (20c)…",Date of stay: November 2016,1.0
1061,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1060-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Really more like 2.5,"Hilton in name only -- if this hotel were in America and not next to a major convention center, it probably would have its brand stripped. Guest rooms were tiny -- double bed was pushed up against one wall and still barely left a pathway to slide past. Rooms and corridors in desperate need of refresh -- bed and interior furnishing were worn, hallway carpet had visible gap at seam. Housekeeping minimal during stays -- appears limited to making bed, emptying trash, and replacing towels every third day. Front desk staff useless for local advice -- regularly referred to undermanned and consistently absent concierge desk. Breafast buffet was well stocked. Good location if you need to be in west London.",Date of stay: December 2016,3.0
1062,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1060-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Family vacation,"The staff and building where great, it's a 15 min walk from the tube, over all we loved it. The room was a good size which is great in the city and it was easy to find. Our daughter had plenty of room to crawl around ",Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
1063,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1060-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Great location and stay,We really enjoyed this hotel. It's location is great and close to bus stops and trains. The staff were excellent and made us feel very welcome. We would like to praise Patricia on the Front Desk who was lovely and very helpful.,Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
1064,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1060-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel,"A one night midweek stay.  The hotel staff (reception and reservations) were incredibly helpful.  it's a large hotel so can be a bit of a warren of corridors.  The room was large can clean.  The bathroom had the normal shower/bath combo, but be warned it's not a full sized bath.  Unless Olympia tube is open (weekend and events?), then it's a 10-15 walk to the nearest tube station.  Overall pricey than comparable hotels",Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
1065,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1065-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Cost Effective but Tired Hotel,"Lovely welcome from receptionist. Sixth floor room was tired, with the musty smell of old furnishing, but everything was clean and functional and okay considering the price. If you want a cheap bed for the night, you could do worse. ",Date of stay: December 2016,3.0
1066,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1065-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Rotttn smell ,"Terrible smell in the rooms. Smells like a combination of rotten wood and everything soaking wet, in all the rooms. Carpet dirty and old. Outside rooms very noisy, no thermic neither noise isolation for the street rooms, inner rooms above smells of kitchen and next door children nursery, not isolated as well. ",Date of stay: December 2016,1.0
1067,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1065-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,A very basic and tired Hotel for London,This Hotel is value for money in London but is a little on the tired side. Parking under the hotel very tight spaces even to the point of not being able to get out the car so be careful how you park. Hotel rooms were clean but very hot and if you opened the window in our room the noise kept you awake. I wouldn't return to this Hilton as i feel the Hilton Brand should deliver better.,Date of stay: December 2016,3.0
1068,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1065-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Awful,Outdated and poor service. Rooms very old needs updating. Bed hard and squeaked. Housekeeping awful. Room service 1hr + and was cold.  Experience ruined end of holiday. Not enough staff and wifi awful. Have used Hilton for years and not had this bad a service,Date of stay: November 2016,1.0
1069,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1065-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Worst hotel room ever,"All one expects from a chain like Hilton is bland, plastic, and anonymous but above all clean and efficient. Not this one. The room was tucked away on some afterthought building and took a good 20 minutes to find with unreadable signs. It was small. The bathroom fittings were loose and at odd angles. The room was freezing, and even boosting it to max and coming back after finding something to eat and a drink with colleagues it was still cold.  It took about twenty minutes of max running of the hot taps to get any warm water at all (though the shower did eventually get hot in the morning). There was a draught of some sort coming through the non-opening windows. There seemed to be no way of turning the sub-titles off on the tv, but the final cherry on the cake was that the room…",Date of stay: December 2016,1.0
1070,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1070-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"""Hotel Staff was the perfect ensemble""","I stayed at Hilton Olympia from November 13th thru the 20th. First, I would like to commend the hotel staff on their hospitality, professionalism, and sincerity. This is a very well run hotel and the staff are just great and they all work well together, especially in the dining room and in the Executive Lounge. The continental breakfast is the best I've ever had at any hotel and I've stayed at some 5 star big name ones from Beirut to Paris. I particularly liked the Executive Lounge; it was a great place to sit back and have drinks and light fare after a day of sightseeing just before setting out to go to dinner. The tall Romanian girl (sorry, I forgot her name)  is a great host. She runs the executive lounge well, and I was quite disappointed to see that she wasn't there anymore…",Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
1071,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1070-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Exhibition Accomodation,"Well what can I say the room was marginally larger than the cleaners but, I wouldn't put money on me winning that bet. The bathroom was that cold two penguins had moved in and taken over the bar area was freezing and when requested to turn the heating up to be told no just move from that area is not acceptable. Food was okay and in fairness not expensive so that my Hilton friends was the overall shabby experience at one of hotels. Oops nearly forgot the key card kept loosing its registration so over two days I visited reception 5 times just for that just poor complete indifference to your clients ",Date of stay: December 2016,2.0
1072,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1070-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews, Lovely staff ,Visited the hotel with my boyfriend recently. The room was not great... it just looked old and outdated. Nothing special !!!  The only thing that keeps that place going is the staff that is very friendly. Many thanks to the girls from reception who were really nice and helpfull and to Pradeep and David in the bar for making the mornings and nights amazing for us. ,Date of stay: November 2016,3.0
1073,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1070-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Adequate hotel in the heart of Kensington,"Great location in the heart of Kensington and near several tube stations.  The lobby is nice, the hotel itself seems a bit tired. I had a single room which was VERY small.  However, it suited my purposes and have no complaints. Decent price. Would even stay there again.",Date of stay: November 2016,3.0
1074,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1070-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Stay at Hilton for olympia xmas fair,"Very good experience at the Hilton. Staff were friendly and helpful. Would highly recommend this hotel not only for the great service, but its superb location. only downside was that we found it a little noisy during the night, when other guests were opening and closing doors.",Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
1075,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1075-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Acceptably average,Does the job. I'd be pretty miffed if I stayed here on holiday or came with family as there is nothing special about the hotel. However to stay here on business is fine if someone else is paying. Plenty of better places to stay in the city in this price range. It's a reasonable hotel - clean etc but there was the occasion cock up e.g. Half naked man in the room when I arrived (I was given the wrong room at check in). The food wasn't all that good either. ,Date of stay: November 2016,3.0
1076,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1075-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,A great experience with Hilton,"I had an excellent stay recently at the London Olympia, having staying there previously on 16 occasions, I was welcomed back and thanked for my loyalty.  As a result I was given a complimentary Diamond Member upgrade from my pre-paid single room, this was very much appreciated.  I also enjoy the bar at this hotel, good for meetings and the occasional glass of wine ;-)",Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
1077,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1075-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Very Friendly, great location","After reading other reviews I was concerned about hotel been dated. Actually it is spotlessly clean, the staff can not do enough for you. So friendly.  Amazing breakfast. Great location. Would definately use again",Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
1078,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1075-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Great location,"Great location for the conference centre, good size rooms for London, very quiet in the room when I stayed. Breakfast was very good, attentive staff but not overbearing. Fast check in and great facilities close by.",Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
1079,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1075-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Could be so much better for minimal effort,"Reception looks nice and modern. It short of staff, long queues at every attempt to check in/out or seek advise. Although our booking was made as 2x2 rooms of 2 x2 people we were allocated 1 room on the 8th floor and 1 on the 4th - so if wanting to be with your family I suggest you make it clear on booking and not leave to common sense, could have been a tad difficult  if a family with young ones needed  to be close by!!  Room found to smell of smoke and smoke detector had a plastic bag over vents, obviously from the previous visitors! Quite alarming find.... Every corridor had trays from food taken in the rooms and not collected, often for more than 12 hours- again a dangerous inactions if there were to be a fire or need to evacuate promptly as floor objects to fall over.  Room…",Date of stay: November 2016,3.0
1080,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1080-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,2 summer visits,"We stayed twice in August. The hotel could do with considerable refurbishment but otherwise a great stay. The reception staff are fantastic-nothing is too much trouble. The lack of lift usage during the stay was really inconvienient. Breakfast here is amazing-really accomdates for everyone. The serving staff were also really friendly and helpful. Good location for buses and overgrown train station, but nearest tube is not particularly close. The shop tops up oyster cards which is helpful",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
1081,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1080-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Stay at the Hilton Olympia ONLY IF YOU HAVE NO OTHER OPTIONS,Front desk were very good but extremely understaffed. Expect long lines at check in / out. Do not book a smoking room even if you are a big smoker. Hotel needs a face lift from carpets to bathrooms and hallways. Business lounge was the highlight of the stay. Good for breakfast and cocktail hour.  Steve is an absolute legend!  Hotel is barely a three star.,Date of stay: November 2016,3.0
1082,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1080-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Disappointed,Have stayed here a number of times before and always been happy with stay. This time had to queue a long time to check in and room was so unbearably hot during the night we both woke with headaches and had a poor nights sleep.,Date of stay: November 2016,2.0
1083,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1080-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Hilton London Olympia,Was almost terrible  A lot of personal but lazy. Very dirty carpets and housekeeping does not use a vacuum cleaner at all.   We tried the restaurant: After waiting for more than 20 min the order was not even taken. We went to our room and ordered  via room service. We had to wait for 60 min. They charged 5 GBP + but the food was under cooked and cold.  Housekeeping did not happen the next day. We had to put the food platter out of the room but two days later the platter was still beside our door.   It's not a bad hotel but the management sucks!,Date of stay: November 2016,3.0
1084,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1080-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Mixed,"Our stay in this hotel was mixed, as we entered the building the reception area was clean and generally nice and the staff helpful.  The room we were given can only be described as cupboard with a bed. The AC didn't work and the room was far too hot, amongst other things. We went out to explore for the day and came back to a room that was hotter then when we left! We tried to open the window to let some air in, but it opened onto small squared area with vents from then kitchen and looked into other windows.. which would explain the closed curtains and frosted glass.  It felt like we had been given one of the worst rooms because we paid a discounted rate.  After speaking to the receptionist we were moved into a different room, which was much larger and cooler, but the bed was so…",Date of stay: November 2016,3.0
1085,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1085-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Not a good start,"Well, not a great start to what was a nice day...staying with my parents so I'm having the sofa bed, pulled it at and it was disgusting! Crumbs and stains - what looked like blood or wine! Either way not impressed! You might expect this from a 1 star hotel but not 4! Although staff sorted this out quickly and they (finally) gave us a new mattress it's not been a great impression. We are facing a busy road and is very loud when a police car goes by which seems to be every 10 mins so tonight will be an interesting sleep. Considering there are three of us in the room, we only have 2 of everything, 2 cups and 2 glasses etc. Managed to get more towels too. Have only been here for less than an hour but I can confirm I won't be staying here again. Looking forward to going home...",Date of stay: November 2016,2.0
1086,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1085-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Average to Poor,"Good location if you want to be close to Olympia, but if not then you should probably avoid. Hotel is tired and rooms are dirty. I took these pictures showing mould around the windows on the wall paper and in the shower. Mini bars are locked which you don't know until you try to take some water in the night then realise you have to call reception to unlock. Probably best to ask them to unlock when checking in. Bar in hotel was closed around midnight and no night porter service. After a late night did also not appreciate the maid knocking on my door at 08.45 to clean the room. If you want to lay in then definitely use the do not disturb sign. Only saving grace was that breakfast was very good. ",Date of stay: November 2016,3.0
1087,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1085-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Ok but not the best Hilton in London,"Room a bit dated/shabby but bed comfortable. Decent sized room, Wi-Fi signal weak. Bath took forever to fill. Small but nice fitness room.Good range of breakfast items. There are better Hilton's in London.",Date of stay: November 2016,3.0
1088,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1085-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Showing it's age,"Stay was a pleasant enough stay, with a clean and tidy room. All amenities required were present but the decor is starting to get a little tired now. A refurb is due, not sure if planned. The exec lounge is small but well stocked, drinks and canapés served 6-8pm each day.",Date of stay: November 2016,3.0
1089,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1085-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,avoid this hotel,"lobby has nice Hilton impression, however,  once you get off the lift on the room floor, you get disappointed already. corridor and room itself is just as shabby and old as rundown business hotel. Worst part is receptionist, who gave me all wrong information and i complained to supervisor, who told me the one was trainee and i should have asked other staff!!  How am i supposed to know she was a trainee and even so, its not guests fault at all.. nothing met up to Hilton satisfaction",Date of stay: November 2016,1.0
1090,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1090-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Good business hotel in Kensington - noisy rooms,I was very happy with staying at the Hilton Olympia. Very friendly and helpful staff. Great breakfast. Reasonable room size - i.e. small London size. Unfortunately quite noisy from the street and from the room next door. Meeting facilities and snacks OK. The Wifi worked well.,Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
1091,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1090-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Never stay at this Hilton,"The hotel was absolutely filthy.  There were dirty tissues and train tickets left in the hallway that were never picked up the entire three days of my stay.  The room was tiny, even though it was supposedly a ""deluxe executive room.""  The water in the shower was not hot.  The towels were like sand paper.  Some of the staff were friendly, but others were not.  The service in the bar was super slow.  There was a disgusting sickly sweet potpourri scent in the halls and the room.  The carpets were filthy.  The room and whole hotel were ugly and poorly decorated.  Cold and unattractive.  This hotel needs a complete and total renovation.  I would never stay here unless that happens.",Date of stay: November 2016,1.0
1092,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1090-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Could do with a revamp,"I stayed here over Remembrance Sunday weekend with my friend. We dropped our bags to concierge early in the morning as we had plans throughout the day. We checked in at 2230 and we're kept waiting for quite some time, it was very busy. Staff tried their hardest but were very stretched. Staff were friendly and helpful. Police arrived whilst we were checking in to deal with an incident that was occurring in the hotel. Once in the room I noticed a few flaws. It was clean and tidy but very dated. Some of the wallpaper was peeling from the walls, some of the carpet was frayed and the bathroom was aging. Admittedly on a Saturday evening you would expect some noise but the rooms are not very sound proofed. The corridors echo and every little thing could be heard. All in all an ok stay…",Date of stay: November 2016,3.0
1093,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1090-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Great Location but shows its age,Staff is very friendly.  Property shows its age.  Property needs renovation.  Great location near the Olympia center.  Costa Coffee located off the lobby is bonus.  Staff quite friendly.  Ride to Heathrow is about 20 minutes w/o traffic.,Date of stay: November 2016,3.0
1094,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1090-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,One of the worse Hiltons,"Wifi signal was too weak to be connected. I was told an upgrade was not available where I checked online there were free rooms (diamond member). Small executive lounge made just to meet Hilton requirements, barely any food and poor breakfast, also a very outdated computer that does not even support Google Drive. It is okay for group travel but poor as a business hotel.",Date of stay: November 2016,2.0
1095,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1095-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Decent hotel with decent price,"Stayed there for 5 days and find it overall satisfying. The hotel is quite old and the mattress in the room feels soggy on one side. But the hotel left a handwritten note upon check in which is quite nice. The hotel is also within the running distance to Hyde park. He hotel bar is however below the Hilton standard, the bartender on duty doesn't even know how to make a negroni.",Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
1096,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1095-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Average room, below average breakfast","I suppose the name 'Hilton' raised my expectations but I'm trying to be fair. Room was large although nothing special. Big bed but basically 2 singles together with uncomfortable Ridge.  One side of the bed was ok, the other uncomfortable and could hear springs when moving/turning over. Fortunately the room was for single use so I was able to avoid one side. VERY noisey (and ineffective) toilet flush in my room and adjoining room! Breakfast has plenty of choice but wasn't enjoyable due to temperature of supposedly hot food which, at best, was luke warm. Given the choice I would prefer to stay at a standard Premier Inn - guaranteed comfortable bed and HOT cooked breakfast.  Overall, disappointing. ",Date of stay: November 2016,2.0
1097,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1095-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Location, Location, Location","A perfectly placed hotel for business, especially people working at or attending conferences at Olympia. The staff are always friendly, welcoming and attentive. The bar and restaurant serve good quality food, especially at breakfast.",Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
1098,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1095-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Good location good rooms , expensive breakfast, very central.","I stayed in this hotel 9 nights , booked a double room single use .....paid around 124 dollars per night which is not cheap . Rooms are really spacious and good, clean and well maintained. Reception is always busy so this is a small inconvenience. Did not book breakfast as it is really very expensive around 15 sterling per day, you can use the complimentary tray for coffee and tea and buy from the supermarket who is few meters close to the hotel anything you wish. The hotel has 3 metro station to serve but 2 of them need 10 minutes walk or you can use a bus to get there but the location is fabulous in the center of London.",Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
1099,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1095-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Very friendly staff,We stay there for 3 nights  and got a nice room in a higher floor. Two adults and one child .   This was our second visit in this hotel. We enjoy very much the breakfast and the nice always helpful staff. The price is for a London hotel acceptable.  You can use Buslinie to tube station or to Westfield shopping . Olympia hall is in walking distance.,Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
1100,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1100-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,A bit tired but decent value and excellent breakfast,"Great location for Olympia and surrounds. Rooms a bit dated but clean and serviceable. Highlight was breakfast, great choice, good quality and friendly staff. But top marks to Cesar Costa on reception - despite being really busy and under pressure he gave great service was really friendly and attentive.",Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
1101,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1100-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Tired rooms very overpriced,The rooms in the hotel are very tired and for what you get very overpriced. The room wasn't serviced when i asked it to be and there were minor problems booking in due to a lack of staff. The breakfast was also very overpriced. I stay in a lot of hotels this will not be one of them in the future.,Date of stay: November 2016,1.0
1102,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1100-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Simply put : bad to very bad.,"Staff are very nice and breakfast is ok. The restaurant has a nice view.  That's for the good points.   Now the bad points :   - Noise : simply no noise insulation. Room doors are made of wood, old, thin and have no seal. Expect an early wake up by maids (you feel you're taking your share of their daily activity. Yet they're not even that noisy themselves), customers leaving their room and slamming their door. No intimacy either. Also, windows are from the old ages. This time, expect taking your share of Air Conditionning units noise. Absolutely amazing !  - Talking about air conditionning : Setting any sort of controlled temperature is quite challenging. As a matter of fact, you have barely any control over it. Cold outside ? Well, it seems like the hotel shifts to ""winter…",Date of stay: November 2016,2.0
1103,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1100-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Hilton London Olympia,This was a very nice hotel and has an outstanding breakfast. Wonderful way to start the day. Fairly close to two underground stations so that was convenient. Staff was helpful. We would stay there again if coming back to London.,Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
1104,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1100-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Attending BBC Good Food Show at Olympia.,"A very comfy room 252 (lovely bed & pillows) although very noisy with ambulances and cars racing over night. Very efficient and lovely friendly staff. EXCELLENT food especially the fish pie which I had twice and equally good both times. Choose the Lobster Risotto served in a parmesan basket, it's ""to die for"" and a very generous starter portion. Relaxing  bar on the 1st floor for dining or just chilling with drinks/cocktails (such beautiful lighting) and I would have scored full marks and ""Excellent"" except for the night time road noise. Would highly recommend especially if travelling on your own as the staff will look after you.",Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
1105,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1105-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Disappointing experience,"Couldn't believe this is a hilton hotel , apart from the great welcome by the front desk staff  and mainly melinda (hope I did remember the name) who was of a great help..everything else was bad , the rooms are like a matchbox , so small and for sure not worth the price paid for it. I was disappointed and for sure not recommending this place to anyone.",Date of stay: November 2016,3.0
1106,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1105-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Good if a little far from Tube,"Great hotel if you are going to an event at the Olympia, but otherwise it's a fair walk to the tube...15 mins to Kensington High Street, and 13 mins to West Kensington.  Stayed for two nights, in a decent room, but not as newly renovated as some of the Hiltons in London, internally showing it's age in design and furnishings.  Check in was very efficient, by Patricia from Portugal, she was very helpful, the Executive Lounge on floor 2 is small, but well stocked during the 6-8 reception, with spirits and prosecco, and a fair selection of nibbles.  As an hhonors diamond, I had breakfast one day in the lounge [small cramped and small selection] and one day in the main restaurant, which was much better, but chocka with tourists!   All in all quite satisfied with stay, and staff very…",Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
1107,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1105-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Friendly staff,"Used to stay here a lot when I was a diamond member, now I am retired. Will be going back December 2nd for two nights. The hotel is in a great location, the front desk employees are always smiling and helpful. Last couple of times I got upgraded. The hotel is a little dated and I am sure a renovation is very close, but when you feel comfortable with a hotel, you have to go back.  looking forward to returning, good hotel Dave Pearson",Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
1108,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1105-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Good location for olympia,We visited BBC Good Food Show and wanted somewhere close to the venue.  This was just 200 yards. The room was comfy and the staff very friendly  The hotel was clean and felt. Very relaxed atmosphere. The bar was very busy so not easy to have a relaxing drink or a snack. ,Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
1109,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1105-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"If you are more than 1m90, you cannot fit underneath the low ceiling in the shower","Urgent remodeling of the hotel needed, heating in the room didn't work, resulting in very cold room. Couldn't take a shower, I'm 1m93 and couldn't fit under the ceiling in the shower. Water plumbing very noisy. Good breakfast tough and friendly staff.",Date of stay: November 2016,1.0
1110,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1110-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Good location, profesional staff","Stayed here because of the location but very satisfied and will stay here again.  Not a cheap hotel but not excessive for London and very good quality.  Very welcoming staff, good clean rooms. Breakfast (the only food i had there) was good and lots of choice.",Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
1111,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1110-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Good location, old fashioned","I stayed 3 nights here.Spacious room, very convenient location, lovely neighbourhood. There's a bus stop right besides the hotel with direct routes to many main attractions, Kensington/Hyde Park,Trafalgar Square etc.  The interior looks a bit tired and old fashioned.",Date of stay: October 2016,3.0
1112,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1110-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Convienant location,"When the rooms get refurbished and modernised the accommodation will compliment the  friendly welcome and helpful staff on hand to go that extra bit to make you feel welcome. I look forward to that time.  First impressions are good on arrival but exiting the lifts highlight the need for a refurb, that said the rooms are clean but dated, the bathroom ok but a very low ceiling that anyone above 5'11' will be scraping their head on the ceiling while in the shower. Breakfast was fine with a good selection and staff on hand for omelettes and eggs well presented.",Date of stay: November 2016,3.0
1113,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1110-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Lovely big room ,We managed to get a great rate booking last minute. Huge room and big bathroom. Bathroom in slight need of updating but was ok. Comfortable bed and good checkout time. I would definitely stay here again. ,Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
1114,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1110-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,birthday break,the staff at this hotel were excellent friendly and nothing is a bother. we had a hectic few days around london but we enjoyed coming back to base and just chilling in the lovely ambience of the bar the variety at breakfast was a;so very good and for location its a perfect central spot.,Date of stay: November 2016,5.0
1115,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1115-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Dated, grubby and very Un-Hilton like","We stayed here at the end of October, we were in the city for a special occasion and left very disappointed. The room was very dated and unlike any Hilton I had previously experienced. The bathroom appeared grubby and also very dated. The window would also not close properly and left for a very noisy night with very little sleep. This hotel on this occasion was extremely over priced and I would not stay here again.",Date of stay: October 2016,1.0
1116,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1115-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Not Great,"I've stayed at this hotel a few times recently and it is fair to say that there are plenty of positives - the location is pretty good on Kensington High Street and a 10-15 minute walk to the underground, Hilton's usual great breakfast and friendly staff.  For London the Hilton Olympia is usually pretty affordable - but there are consequences with that!  The Deluxe rooms are basic - strangely narrow, dark with insufficient lights and generally in need of some redecoration.  The bathrooms are ok - and a credit to the housekeeping team as they are spotless.  My main criticism is the bed - they just aren't comfortable and seem to wobble every time you move, this was a common theme in each room I've stayed in so I suspect that some of the beds have seen better days.  I found the beds…",Date of stay: November 2016,3.0
1117,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1115-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Osama,It's a very good hotel  The location is outstanding in the middle of Kensington high street  Bus station is next to the entrance of the hotel  Underground of                             high streetKensington is 4stops away by bus (9  or10 or 27 ) Underground of shepherd's bush station is 4stops away by bus (c1 or 49 )which is connected with the central line  Room is clean and and well maintained  Staff are outstanding and friendly  Hotel itself is very old and needs to be renovated is totally out of date  ,Date of stay: November 2016,5.0
1118,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1115-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Son Graduation ,"My husband and I have just stayed at Hilton Olympia we stayed in executive room. The staff in the executive lounge were very helpful and very friendly and could not do enough for us ,especially the young man from Stockport who's name Has escaped me 😞 I am sorry. The coffee machine broke, there was hot water and coffee to make your own the staff went out of there way to get us a Latte from Costa down stairs in the hotel.  Our evening meal in the main restaurant was outstanding I had steak that was delicious, my husband had Duck which he says was so tender and beautifully cooked, Again may I say all the staff at this hotel were amazing and friendly . 😀😀😀⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️",Date of stay: November 2016,5.0
1119,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1115-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Good nights sleep,Staff all very pleasant especially in executive lounge.  Room was was great and well equipped (bed very comfy). Be aware that if you book the executive lounge alcohol is only available between 6-8pm (making it too busy to move in there at these times!).   Also constant problems with room cards!,Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
1120,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1120-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Great stay at Hilton Olympia!,"We enjoyed staying at this hotel for one night during a football game at Wembley. At arrival we're greeted in a friendly and accommodating way by desk staff.Greeted as HH-member and upgraded to a executive room. Breakfast was superb with chef on standby to take additional menu requests. The Hotel is about 10 minutes walk from Tube station High on Kensington and  5 minutes from the Olympia overground. Safe area and the London traffic isn't as noticeable at this hotel although, there will always be traffic in London. It was quiet at nights as well. The room was clean and we had a very good nights sleep.",Date of stay: November 2016,5.0
1121,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1120-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Very nice!,I loved my stay here. The rooms are so spacious as compared to other single bedroom hotels. Fitness center was a bit small but i was only one using it during brunch time so it was ok. The breakfast buffet staff were so friendly. They assisted me every minute of my stay there. so nice. I felt like i was a VIP.,Date of stay: November 2016,5.0
1122,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1120-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Bad Smell In Room,"Room was reasonable for the one night stay, however the room needs modernising and there was an extremely strong smell of smoke from the bathroom. Was disappointed when mentioned this to staff, didn't seemed surprised or overly apologetic. Not what I expected when staying at a Hilton ",Date of stay: November 2016,3.0
1123,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1120-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,A Warm Welcome,"(Another Review from my wife, who was visiting Sprit of Christmas at Olympia and stayed here with her sister)  We were welcomed to the hotel by Bevan, who was extremely friendly and professional and even though we were rather early, our room was ready so we were able to check in straight away. We stayed for two nights in a twin executive room on the 4th floor - which gave us access to breakfast and refreshments in the executive lounge.  The food here was excellent and once again the staff were friendly and helpful. The room was spotlessly clean and the beds were amazingly comfortable.  If I had to be picky, I would just say that parts of the room were a little tired, I am thinking most particularly of the bathroom...but this is an older hotel and may be due for a bit of…",Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
1124,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1120-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Trip to spirit of Christmas ,Stayed in a twin room on the first floor and I was worried about the noise but not a sound came through. Don't expect a view but lovely and quiet. Staff v friendly too. Didn't have brekkie as went to Crush in Olympia which was delish. ,Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
1125,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1125-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Central location, that's all !","During the last two month I stayed at this hotel several nights. Service upon check-in is sufficient and friendly and leaves a good impression. The moment you enter your room any previous good impression is gone in a second. I had two rooms which certainly did fall below the minimum footage of 18 square meters as advertised on the hotel webpage. The beds occupied a good part of the room, making it difficult to put your suitcase any place and leaving room to walk around the bed at the same time. The soiled carpet and the mini bathroom rounded up the more than average feelings about staying here. Last room I had the pleasure of occupying has been No.249. The room was bigger and I got a chance to get into my bed without any space problems. But ... I opened the curtains and…",Date of stay: October 2016,3.0
1126,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1125-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Good location and very welcoming,I really enjoyed staying at this hotel. First time in London and solo traveller so was happy to be greeted in such a friendly and accommodating way by desk staff.  Very helpful throughout my stay there.  Breakfast was superb with chef on standby to take additional menu requests. Best breakfast option of all of Europe.  Hotel is about 10 minutes walk from Tube station High on Kensington and many stores with variety for all needs.  Coffee shop right outside the hotels entrance with very reasonably priced coffee and snack options.  Supermarket only 2 minutes walk but further down the street 10 minutes walk a bigger supermarket for more variety  Safe area as I walked around most hours of day and night and didn't feel unsafe.  The London congestion isn't as noticeable at this hotel…,Date of stay: October 2016,5.0
1127,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1125-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Superb short stay,"Lovely hotel, friendly staff, excellent breakfast. Great location for London attractions. The room was spacious and very clean. We enjoyed evening drinks in the bar and the staff were attentive and helpful. I'd definitely recommend this hotel.",Date of stay: October 2016,5.0
1128,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1125-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Excellent Hotel and Location,What a great hotel and wonderful location.  Close enough to great restaurants and underground station.  Close walking distance to Tescos etc.  Loved this property and hope to gwt to visit again soon.  Wifi was ok! ,Date of stay: October 2016,5.0
1129,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1125-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Great Hotel,"All the staff at this hotel are great, particular the front desk and Exec Lounge. The food in the restaurant is very good but could be improved in the Exec Lounge. Close to bus routes and all of west London",Date of stay: November 2016,5.0
1130,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1130-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Great location for Olympia.  Hotel needs updating.,"I booked this as we were at a nearby conference.  Location wise it is perfect, a few minutes walk from Olympia.     The staff are good, the bar and front reception looks as if it has been updated but as for the bedroom..... As we stepped out of the lift, it reminded us of a 1980's department store.  Dodgy sticky carpet, corridors which are really tatty.  I was dreading going into the room. It matched expectations.  Everything needs replacing.   The bathroom was awful.  Only redeeming feature was the shower which although ancient and tatty, was powerful and lots of hot water.    I'd take slippers for the bedroom carpet.  I didn't have any and wished I had taken some.    Would I book again if not at Olympia?  No.",Date of stay: October 2016,2.0
1131,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1130-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Run down. ,"Lobby and bar area reasonably plush, rest of the hotel seems really run down. Shabby carpets, worn varnish and paint, mildew in bath etc.   Rooms very small, and none existent air con.   Staff generally pleasant, although a couple were somewhat lacking in English language skills.   Needs a refurb, and soon. ",Date of stay: November 2016,2.0
1132,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1130-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Average experience ,"We went to London for a weekend, and we have chosen Hilton to be on the safe side. Location is very central and near the bus stops. The room was not big but comfortable, shortage of bath amenities. The room was cold because the windows were not sufficiently isolating the cold and the noise from the street. A heater was provided upon request. Personal was very kind and helpful. ",Date of stay: October 2016,3.0
1133,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1130-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,It's fine!!,"Stayed here at the end of October for a two night break. Having read previous reviews, I was dubious to say the least but I can honestly say it was fine. The room was clean and tidy. Yes - it was on the small side and yes - it was in need of a general update to be of Hilton standard but in no way was it grotty or cold.  I found the reception staff to be pleasant and helpful.  I would consider staying here again, the location was good and for the price paid the standard of the hotel was more than acceptable.",Date of stay: October 2016,3.0
1134,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1130-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Fall Trip,"Staff was friendly.  Some rooms could be upgraded but overall i must say that the facilities were nice.  Location to Tube is not the greatest but if you allow yourself a few extra minutes, you can catch a but any direction to the nearest Tube Station",Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
1135,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1135-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Terrible beds,Decent location but mattress and hotel could use a freshen up  Old dated rooms and mattresses sagged  No king size bed available so they told me to push the beds together. Hard to make the heat work in the rooms ,Date of stay: October 2016,3.0
1136,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1135-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Run down,"This is the most run down hotel I've ever stayed in. Wallpaper peeling off, bubbles in carpet, hole in bathroom door, torn shower curtains, panels hanging askew, and everything smells a bit of mildew.  The elevator would occasionally even stop about 2ft high, so you had to climb down off it to the floor when exiting. Wifi speed barely 1Mbps; so slow we couldn't even check in to our flight online.   I'm 6ft tall, the shower ceiling was so low that I couldn't stand up straight in the shower. The shower head was at chest level. I asked about this at reception and they offered to change us to another room with a normal height shower.   New room had taller shower, but was so small that you could barely walk around the bed. There wasn't even enough floor space to lay your suitcase…",Date of stay: November 2016,1.0
1137,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1135-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Good,"Great location. Bus 9 and 10 stop is 3 min from the hotel. Buffet breakfast is very nice, with lot of fresh product. Our standart double room was nice and clean. Wifi is a problem , no signal any day.",Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
1138,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1135-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Shocking hotel,Stayed this hotel for the MIPIM UK event at Olympia.  Very close by but that's the only good thing about the hotel.  I had a single room on the 5th floor at the corner of the hotel.  The bathroom was opposite an office block and it had clear glass as opposed to frosted and a net curtain to spare my blushes.  At this time of year you need the light on early in the morning and at night so in order to avoid being an exhibitionist I ended up showering in the dark. I complained twice but it was ignored. The bed was lumpy and I complained about that and again it was ignored. The room was cold as the heating had broken but they did bring be a convector heater. However for this standard of hotel 3 nights with the heating not working is a very shabby service. I am coeliac and advised the…,Date of stay: October 2016,1.0
1139,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1135-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Nice Hotel and location,Nice location for a Hilton Hotel. 5 min walk from the Olympia Kensington station. Restaurants near by costa coffee next door. Hotels executive lounge a real delight. Sit in comfort and peace. Room size spacious.,Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
1140,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1140-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Best Hotel in Kensington,Having stayed in this hotel about 55 times I have never been dissapointed with the quality of service or the helpfulness of staff they are ready 24/7 to help when on business or leisure. I cannot recommend this hotel enough as the rooms are much bigger than the nearby Hilton Kensington.,Date of stay: October 2016,5.0
1141,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1140-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Oh Dear,"Sadly the prestigious Hilton experienced was not experienced at this hotel today. Check in was not quick, my room was not the executive king confirmed by email, but a very small single alternative. A quick replacement was found, however, this was on the remote top floor, in an area reserved for smokers. Once again I expressed my displeasure and discomfort and was eventually shown to a room on the 5th floor which was adequate at best. One night is enough, thank you Hilton. Standards are slipping sadly. ",Date of stay: October 2016,1.0
1142,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1140-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Good Hotel, great location, average wifi servce","We had a good stay at this hotel. We two friends travelling for a month together and were up-graded to 2 single rooms for our stay (nice when we would share for the next 4 weeks!).  Good walking distance to Kensington High Street and Palace, easy access to public transport. The buffet breakfast was plentiful, but you'd have to sit there for 3 hours to get your moneys worth.  The lobby was lovey and well appointed the staff were friendly and helpful, which was good because we had to go and use wifi in the lobby - it wasn't working on our floor for our entire stay and seems like it never does.  Would stay here again but request a room on anything but level 5",Date of stay: August 2016,3.0
1143,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1140-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Room cold as heat didn't work!,"Room cold as heat didn't work! Asked at reception in the morning about this and I just asked to supply an electric heater which they girl said she would. Arrived back at 6pm and there was no heater provided so asked again at reception on my way out for dinner at 6.30pm. On my return at about 10pm there was still NO heater so I phoned reception again and the girl said would I like and extra duvet, seriously! Put me through to someone else who provided an electric heater in less than 30 minutes. Poor service overall!",Date of stay: October 2016,2.0
1144,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1140-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Freezing Bedrooms,We had 2 rooms for 3 nights each.  Costing a lot of money.  Both rooms could not have their air con turned off or down and the temperature could not be adjusted.  This meant both rooms were freezing and people within my group having to sleep in bed with their coats on as it was so cold at night.  One room was offered a heater for their room but were afraid to use it as it had a smell of burning coming from it and they were afraid it may go on fire or overheat.  I spoke to staff who said the hotel was having problems with their aircon.  This was never mentioned to us until checkout and I do not feel it appropriate to have to come to a hotel in London and sleep under a duvet with clothes on just to stay warm.  I then asked about discounts etc and was told that it could be looked…,Date of stay: October 2016,2.0
1145,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1145-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Nice site,"Nice hotel, very nice staff.  In house dining is good (alittle pricy) useful stores nearby and many reasonable places to eat within walking distance.  The rooms were reasonable and comfortable.  The local coffee shop was a blessing and had very nice pastries which were quickly consumed.",Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
1146,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1145-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Not the best stay!,Been Promised free WiFi-didn't get it; the air condition was broken and it was really cold in the room during night so got a terrible cold during my business trip- very inconvenient! The bed was very uncomfortable. Food was good. Hotel staff very nice and polite.,Date of stay: October 2016,2.0
1147,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1145-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,London,"Everything worked out very well. The hotel was convenient to all the sites and sounds of London. In a good neighborhood with nice restaurants and stores nearby. The staff of the property were polite, friendly and helpful.",Date of stay: October 2016,5.0
1148,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1145-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Excellent service, good location, good amenities, shabby rooms","The title of my review sums it up. The service was very efficient and friendly. They cleared the minibar for us just so we could store my daughter's medicine. The concierge  and front desk were both very knowledgeable of the area. Our room was large and clean, but the carpet needed replacing, the furniture was worn, and there appeared to be no heat. Being on the first floor with a row of windows, it was cold and loud.",Date of stay: October 2016,3.0
1149,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1145-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Basic and tired,"we recently stayed here somewhere to place our heads for the night. We had a bargain price booking through a discount website, it's all relative. The communal areas are lovely. We stayed in a standard twin, they are starting to look very tired. The bed was hard so nether of us got a good night sleep. Breakfast was nice and staff were friendly. The corridors smelt of stale milk or sick, not pleasant - floor 3 if the hotel manager reads this.",Date of stay: October 2016,2.0
1150,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1150-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Worst hotel ever,"This is a 1970s hotel with small and dirty rooms. Moreover I had horrible experience at checkout with a very rude and unpolite person (front desk associate mgr) who provided wrong information, made mistakes in the check out procedure and behaved very aggressively and in a bad way this is the opposite of a caring customer experience I'll never go to hilton again!",Date of stay: October 2016,1.0
1151,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1150-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Perfect location for Olympia,"Attended the independent hotels show at Olympia. This hotel is just a 5 minute walk from there. Stayed in a single room. It was very clean and spacious enough for one person with a very large twin size bed. Room service was efficient, lots of variety to choose from. My food arrived and was fresh and hot.   The bathroom amenities are Peter Thomas Roth. Shampoo, conditioner and shower gel - could do with being larger. Felt there was Barely enough in each.  Reception staff were friendly and helpful.   I was impressed as there was quite an extensive selection for breakfast.   A pleasant 15 minute walk from Earls Court tube station - if not raining. ",Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
1152,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1150-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Overpriced and Outdated - Typical Hilton,"Stayed overnight as I was here on business. Location to Olympia Exhibition Halls - perfect .... and that's where it stops!  The chairs in the lobby have been there since 2008 .... I know as that it when I was last there for a meeting - on those blue velvet chairs.  And the furniture in the rooms is possibly just as old - cheap mahogany veneer.  A lovely view of the bins and loading area outside the room (555) - and I am pleased I packed my earplugs - ready for the early morning visit from the dust cart and delivery vehicles. For over £250 for the room for one night - with NO meals included, this really is disgraceful... but then this is Hilton and if it wasn't for the location I would have booked elsewhere.",Date of stay: October 2016,2.0
1153,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1150-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Amazing weekend get away!,"Best hotel we've stayed in for a very long time! Staff very friendly and attentive, breakfast was out of this world. Situated in a very convenient location, easy to access taxis, buses and undergrounds. We will be staying here again in future visits!",Date of stay: October 2016,5.0
1154,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1150-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Run down!,"Cannot believe this property is a Hilton! Old ratty carpeting, lack of signage for elevators/lifts, dingy rooms, saggy bed need I go on? Oh wait, half empty water bottle on the ""computerized tray"" thatcreads if touch an item you are charged. I made sure to tell front desk room came that way. Also even though I requested another room because of saggy bed, they offered a pillow topper instead. After a red eye I really wanted a nap! Went to luck while waiting for pillow topper but don't see how that will help with saggy mattress.   Their restaurant is pretty good with good service and friendly staff. Wait time at check in was 10 min and I was 2nd person in line.   Doubt I'll return.",Date of stay: October 2016,2.0
1155,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1155-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Average hotel,Expect huge wait times at checkin/checkout. Unsupervised trainee staff at reception . Great location . A lot of places to eat around the hotel .rooms are not very sound proof. Avoid getting rooms on the street side,Date of stay: October 2016,3.0
1156,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1155-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Nice hotel, bad room",Can only comment on the room we were in but it was not a twin room and the bathroom had a ridiculously low ceiling. For the price I would have expected much better. Would've preferred to stay in a Premier Inn. Location was fantastic for Olympia though,Date of stay: October 2016,3.0
1157,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1155-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Just awful decor!,I can't believe this is a Hilton! It's awful! Put in a tiny room next to a very noisy extractor fan that smells of cooking. Dated and chipped furniture. Bed like a rock. Asked to be moved and now have a room on a lower floor with street noise which I can cope with. Appreciate the room move but can't get over how this hotel looks. So so dated. Such as shame as other Hiltons are so great!,Date of stay: October 2016,2.0
1158,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1155-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Nice stay, nice staff","Booked this hotel, the day before. The staff is very friendly and professional, the guy at reception was very nice and helpful (cesar costa) the concierge was helpful too . The room was very clean including the bathroom and the bed was comfortable. The breakfast was very nice with lots of choice and fresh products. The downside of our stay was the noise from the room next to ours 843 which i believe is a laundry room for the housekeepers, we kept hearing sliding doors, opening and closing doors very early in the morning.......  The staff at the breakfast was lovely and helpful . Overall not as bad as some people could say ...  ",Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
1159,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1155-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Modern lobby,The hotel was clean overall. The lobby is refurbished but the bedrooms looks a bit outdated. The room we stayed in smelled of dump and a dry patch outside the tbathroom showing the water leak(617 room) should not have been let out. Urgent need of carpet replacement. The breakfast was good.,Date of stay: September 2016,3.0
1160,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1160-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"sad , tired bedroom","So disappointed with this hotel . Although the lobby looked good that,s where it ended . I knew the moment i got out of the lift i,d made a mistake . It was the musty smell and stained hall carpets that was the clue to what lay ahead ! . The bedroom was also musty smelling with a rank carpet , thank God i brought slippers . The bathroom was actually quite good but the bed was just a double and not a centimetre bigger , it was also rock hard . This place is in dire need of a face lift !!! The staff i met were lovely but i,m sure they must be tortured with complaints .",Date of stay: October 2016,2.0
1161,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1160-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Not the best Hilton. Needs some investment,Stayed here through a last minute secret hotels deal so I didn't pay a massive amount and I am quite glad about that! The location is a little strange with it being great for Olympia but a decent walk to with Kensington high street or Hammersmith for the tube. The ground floor reception and first floor bar and restaurant are nice looking and the staff are efficient.   The room was OK but the bed was not great and my room was a twin but the beds were so close it may as well have been a double. The room had all of the equipment you could possibly need but there was quite a lot of noise from outside. Starting to look a bit tired too so I think it needs a refurb and the windows to be updated as the noise outside keeps going all night ,Date of stay: October 2016,3.0
1162,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1160-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Very dated,Stayed here for two nights helping with family business. Check in was ok. Forgot to tell us the booking included breakfast. Pay per view films never worked despite informing reception and maintenance. £30 for wifi very expensive. Rooms very dated and beds not too comfortable. Bathroom was unclean and lots of hairs. Shower curtain was ripped. Didn't eat in restaurant. Car park is a tight squeeze if you have a big car. Good location for conference centre. Entrance is pleasant but the rooms are in dire need of a refurbishment. ,Date of stay: October 2016,3.0
1163,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1160-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Hard to believe this is a Hilton Hotel, a very tired hotel in need of some TLC","This hotel is in a great location for the Exhibition centre, so I imagine a lot of people will book it on that basis.  However this hotel is like a through back to the 1970's, and not in a good way!  The rooms are brown, dark and very tired.  The bathroom ceiling had damp stains and smelled of dampness - very unpleasant!  The only saving grace, apart from the location is the staff who are very well trained, polite,helpful and extremely professional particularly given that they must be aware their hotel is substandard.  The bedrooms to the front are extremely noisy!  Take ear plugs!  Come on, Hilton give this hotel the TLC it needs and give your guests some value for money!",Date of stay: October 2016,2.0
1164,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1160-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Hilton can do better,"Great proximity to the expo hall.  The beds were far below acceptable.  I would not stay there again.  I would rather commute further to the expo hall and have a better nights rest.  Also the ""business center"" is a printer...just a printer. haha",Date of stay: September 2016,2.0
1165,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1165-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Restaurant staff not adequately trained, lift not in use, charges for everything...","I stayed at this hotel with my sister, so we could go out around the Kensington area.  The location is fantastic and of course public transport runs close to the hotel, so it is very convenient.    The main reception area décor is modern, clean and classic looking - what one would expect of a Hilton.  I booked this hotel as part of a 'Secret' booking via Lastminute.com and was pleasantly surprised when this hotel was revealed.  However once I had parked my car in the underground parking area and realised that the lift going up into the reception area was not working, the disappointment started to creep in.  We had a long haul up a flight of stairs and then a long enough wait in reception before being seen to.  I wouldn't say the reception greeting was anything beyond the norm…",Date of stay: September 2016,3.0
1166,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1165-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,In need of a revamp,"As most, this was for a conference £185 for room and breakfast. Rooms have an odd damp smell when housekeeping were checking if rooms had been cleaned she was carrying a freshener. When I mentioned the smell she sprayed the curtains ,yes it did mask it for a day but really at these prices it needs sorting. The Breakfast is one of the poorest quality I've had in a long time. And the tea, well dirty dishwasher comes to mind you really aught to upgrade from the cheap dust ones. Not worth the money , unfortunately like many London hotels these days",Date of stay: September 2016,1.0
1167,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1165-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Good comfy bed,"Bed was very comfortable. Good clean room and bathroom. Only downside was noisy AC that I couldn't turn off, so was woken on several occasions during the night. Well cooked breakfast to set you up for the day. I would stay here again. ",Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
1168,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1165-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Easy walk to Olympia Conference and Exhibition Centre,"A perectly fine stay at this hotel. I was in town for business at the very nearby Exhibition Centre, so this was the perfect location for me. As I came in from Heathrow on a Sunday, I just took the Piccadilly line to Earls Court, and walked the 15 minutes or so from there to the hotel. It was gorgeous weather when I was there, otherwise I might have switched lines for the closer stop at Olympia. I love the floral curtains in the rooms - a bold pattern, and somehow very British. Comfortable room. Ample closet and drawer space. Plenty of towels and a hair dryer. Comfortable bed, as well. Clean bathroom. As an American, I will never understand the big step up into the shower. I'm glad I'm limber! And as a tall person, I still don't understand this, as my head nearly touched the…",Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
1169,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1165-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Good hotel,"Hotel is good, clean & quiet.  Rooms seemed a bit run down - our mattress was sunk down on one side, like they had not flipped the mattress in forever and the bathroom was small but what do you expect in London? The restaurant was nice and there were also restaurants nearby that you could walk to.  Not sure about the cost though, as it was booked as part of a tour.  It was close to the Kensington Olympia station so it was easy to catch public transport.  Overall it was OK.",Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
1170,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1170-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Viva London ,Great location Rooms look like they have new soft furnishings which are nice. Hotel corridors to rooms and public areas need a bit of TLC. Double shower curtain wouldn't reach inside bath to save shower water getting all over the floor but other thAn that everything was fine. No luxuries no frills but clean,Date of stay: September 2016,3.0
1171,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1170-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Hilton Olympia,"Another nice stay at the Hilton Olympia.  Overall service, amenities and ambience is really good.  During this stay though, one of the lifts was out and it was a very busy time for the hotel, so waited a little longer than expected, but other than that,Hilton Olympia was as good as usual.  The Bristol showroom next door provides wonderful scenery too!",Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
1172,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1170-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Great Location, Very Good Hotel","I stayed here for a few nights on business and had a pleasant stay.   The Good: The room was larger than I expected: had a king bed, working desk: and a nice sitting area. You really can't beat the location - it was a 15 minute walk to the office and to the Tube which I could take to Heathrow. Finally, the breakfast was really nice with several stations.   The Bad:  The bed wasn't the most comfortable. It was low to the ground and came to a peak in the center.   The Ugly: None",Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
1173,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1170-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Good hotel, but rooms are bit run-down","The Hotel is nicely placed near the Olympia Conference Center, and that was the main reason for choosing it. It is a nice hotel with good room rates, being an Hilton. Breakfast (which was included in the room rate) was very good but not at the top.   My only observation is that the room was quite run down, clearly furniture and walls need to be re-vamped. However, the bathroom appeared to have been redone recently and was in good shape.",Date of stay: September 2016,3.0
1174,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1170-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Hilton Olympia Kensington,"Great Location for working at Olympia Exhibition Centre  Ive never stayed when all lifts are working, trying to call a lift at peak times is a nightmare, ok if your only on first few floors, have no luggage and are good on your feet.  Lighting in bathrooms is poor  Slow service in bar   Single rooms are like cleaning cupboards no room to move   Food has always been ok  And most staff are friendly  Sorry Hilton but for the price you charge I have to say you are not top my luxe list",Date of stay: September 2016,3.0
1175,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1175-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Out of the way location,"If you are traveling to London for business, and your business is in the area of the hotel, it makes sense to stay here. However, I wouldn't recommend it for tourists.  First off, it is in a more ""locals"" area and it isn't easy to get to any tourist spots. The area seemed safe, so no issues there - it just wasn't a convenient location. There is no Tube station nearby, and though you can catch a bus right outside the door, you really have to know the bus route to know when to transfer to another bus to get where you are trying to go. The Tube is so much easier for tourists than the bus - unfortunately the nearest tube station we could find was a couple of miles walking distance away. It is also difficult to get an Oyster Card in this area (or top it off). We were able to buy an…",Date of stay: April 2016,3.0
1176,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1175-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Great business stay,"Great london hotel. The room I had was large and quiet. great shower, great shampoo and conditioner great hair dryer . I have big hair so this is very important! I had noisy air con but the staff sorted this out in a jiffy! All the staff in the hotel were friendly and efficient. food was nice. Rooms are very clean and maintained well but style is a bit dated but this really does not interfere with sleeping! ",Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
1177,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1175-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Was much better than i though it would be...,"Before coming there ive read lots of negative comments, and was ready for worst(( but really... I was so surprised! Hotel is clean and homely. We were given not very good rooms, but upon our request they were changed even upgraded! The beds are comfortable. Aircon works, bathroom is good. For one 4 star hotel its really ok hotel, breakfast was just unbelievable!! We were very pleased! Big variety of food. Separately i want to say about staff. They are amazing people!! They are helpful and friendly, each one of them. Big thanks to all the consierges for their help to resolve our problem.. This help was priceless!! I definitly recommend this hotel, as a worth, and believe me, the price-quality there is in good balance! ",Date of stay: September 2016,5.0
1178,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1175-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Overpriced. Bad quality. Underlying Stench in the bathrooms,The rooms have not been renovated in years. You're unable to stand up in the dirty showers if you're over 5'10. And there is an underlying stink in them. The breakfast is sloppy and poor quality. Do not stay here.,Date of stay: September 2016,1.0
1179,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1175-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Good London Hotel,"Room is of reasonable size, clean and come with firm comfy beds.  The downside is that for those with heavy suitcases, access to some rooms are  through short flight of steps.  Typical British breakfast provided. Food offerings fresh and adequate.   Staff at both reception and restaurant are courteous and helpful.",Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
1180,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1180-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Very nice but old style,"Travelling a lot for my job, I'm used to stay in many hotels, this is my point of view for this one:  - old style room / small bathroom  + nice bed / good wifi / clean room / very nice breakfast / nice staff / very well located",Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
1181,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1180-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Nice staff,"Polite and nice staff members  - rooms are nice nothing wow, clean and close to where I had to go to!  ... enjoyed the stay at the hotel and I would certainly stay at this hotel again in the future!!!!!",Date of stay: September 2016,5.0
1182,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1180-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Outdated and over priced. ,My husband and I stopped here last weekend and all in all it was alright.  The guy at check in was pleasant the bar staff and waiting on staff were a little ignorant ie looking at you and walking off or if you did order something it was a long time coming. We had an evening meal here as we checked in late. My starter was delicious the lobster risotto but the rest was a bit bland and tasteless.  The lift was out of order and the wait was quite long for a lift. The public areas are very stylish but the corridors are tired and dated.  The hotel site tells us about the granite work tops but to be honest they would of been better spending the money on new baths. Ours had chips and scratches in the enamel and horrible brown stains in the bottom.  We did have breakfast which was lovely…,Date of stay: September 2016,3.0
1183,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1180-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Great location and really enjoyed our stay,"We had a very enjoyable stay and our room was quiet, overlooking the side street. The room and bathroom were very clean and a good size for London. We had lunch in the bar and the food was good and priced at what you would pay in most London restaurants. We would like to thank the gentleman who looked after us in the bar area who we think was called Pradeep, he is a great asset to the hotel and kept us entertained. We had our breakfast in the Costa coffee shop on the ground floor. The Hotel is very easy to get to, from Gatwick Airport you can change to the overground at Clapham and the stop at Olympia is just a short walk and there are bus stops just a few steps away where you can catch the 9, or 10 into central London via Kensington High Street.",Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
1184,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1180-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Good location. Great hotel,"The room was clean. Breakfast was delicious, with a great variety of choice. Underground station is 15 mins walk away. Good location. Great for the money. The staff were very helpful and gave great advice on transport to and from city.",Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
1185,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1185-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Hotel just so so, the ladies at the Society Bar and Restaurant - THEY ROCK!!!","The hotel was not bad.  Supposedly Trafalgar didn't mention that there were 3 of us in the room so they had 2 twins booked for us.  But the front desk resolved that right away and gave us a room with a double bed and roll away bed.  Wifi sucks in this hotel.  Breakfast buffet was good. Harish from the gift store at the hotel was really helpful.  The best part were the ladies at the Society Bar and Restaurant, Cean, Corinne, and another lady I can't remember her name (my apologies).  We told them we were celebrating my mom's 80th and the brownies they prepared was very delicious.  They sang happy birthday to my mom with my sister and I. They were awesome!!!",Date of stay: August 2016,3.0
1186,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1185-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Don't stay here as you will be sorry.,This hotel is horrible.  On check in they gave me a room that was occupied.  This is a tired hotel that had 2 of 3 elevators out of order.  The desk staff argued with me about the fact that I had booked a jr suite until they realized they had confused my name with someone else.  Very disappointing for a Hilton hotel.  They apologized but that did not compensate for their incompetence.  On check out they tried to charge for an upgrade even though I was paying for the room class.  Word to the wise this hotel is one to avoid in London.,Date of stay: September 2016,1.0
1187,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1185-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Good location, no frills hotel",Great location for Olympia and on the whole staff were very polite and helpful. Breakfast service could have been more efficient. Clean and comfortable room with tea/coffee making facilities but a nice touch would be a complimentary bottle of water. ,Date of stay: September 2016,3.0
1188,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1185-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Convenient to the Olympia fair halls, not much else.","This hotel (and the other Hilton I have stayed at in London) are both not really worthy of the Hilton name (and prices). I stayed here this week to attend a trade fair and found that their business center is closed and inaccessible on weekends (the fair began on Sunday, so I was working...) The gentleman at the front desk offered to print my document for me (nice) if I emailed it to them, however instead of printing it for me that evening, I had to ask for the document to be printed at the front desk the next morning. The staff was nice about it, but it wasn't really convenient for me as a businessperson. The room was small (a single room, ok) and the bed and pillows were not comfortable. The minibar was empty but the device that automatically registers if you take a product was…",Date of stay: September 2016,3.0
1189,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1185-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Old, tired and mostly out of order. Don't be fooled by the recently refurbished public areas.","Tired rooms, very tired beds ( no pun intended), poor plumbing, sporadic Internet, 2 out of the 3 lifts out of order for 4 days, leaking shower, I could list so much more. Not what I expect from a Hilton hotel at any price let alone this London level rate. Staff polite but unable to influence the outcome of any complaint.",Date of stay: September 2016,1.0
1190,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1190-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Run down, but still nice","As a mid-price hotel and function centre, this is pretty good. The outside is ugly as sin, but inside is full of good staff and reasonable facilities.  We ate and drank in the bar and that was quite good compared to other hotels we've been in. The conference area was basic, but the sound and visual equipment was well suited to the room.  It's not my first choice, but I liked it and for the right price would happily stay here.  My only real frustration was the wifi not staying connected on my phone. This made business very difficult.",Date of stay: September 2016,3.0
1191,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1190-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Very Good,"Staff are exceptional, well managed. Breakfast has improved, all but the bacon. Good position for getting to most central London places. We stay there three or four times a yaera for a week   taking two rooms. Only improvement is wine list in bar and prices for bar drinks. Both need to be addressed",Date of stay: September 2016,5.0
1192,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1190-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,No idea how this can be considered a 4 star hotel. Very poor.,"I haven't stayed in a Hilton hotel for a while now, but quite a few over many years. This was a quick visit home to see family/friends and the hotel is quite well placed for Kensington. The reception staff were friendly and professional throughout, but there it stopped. The lifts were troublesome, two out of three in use and one not working. However those two took forever to arrive, seemingly always on another floor and on all but one occasion we opted for the stairs to avoid missing our cab/appointments etc. What makes this annoying is that reading back through other comments, this seems an ongoing issue... Then onto the room itself. Barely adequate sized double, bathroom in poor condition (clean, just old and worn out) with a random shower, incredibly noisy toilet, and no room…",Date of stay: September 2016,2.0
1193,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1190-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Nightmare!,Heating and air conditioning never works. Elevators are always out! The bathtubs look old and grungy! At a major busy intersection on hospital route with sirens blasting all day and night. If you have problems with the above mentioned the staff will offer you a complimentary breakfast meanwhile you sleep in the lobby at 2AM because your room is so hot!,Date of stay: August 2016,2.0
1194,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1190-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Back in my favorite restaurant in London,"Back in my favourite hotel in London and looking forward to another wonderfull experience. Sorin and David are amazing and helpfull like always, and so is the rest of the staff in the Society Bar, and they always make my night after a hard days work. Congrats to the entire team, keep it up guys :) ",Date of stay: September 2016,5.0
1195,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1195-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,not a four stars,"staff is very good overall  ,breakfast is good ,underground station is  good 15 mins walk, hotel room small but clean, this hotel is well over due for refurbishment. wifi not so good,tv is not very clear",Date of stay: September 2016,3.0
1196,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1195-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Ok, but unconvenient location and slightly outdated","This hotel is located in Kensington - pretty busy street and general nice surrounding, but the next underground station is a good 10-15 mins walk away. As said, the street is quite busy so it can get loud at night. My room in the second floor was ok, but the AC couldn't be turned off (e. g. at night), so I had to phone the reception for MANUAL turn off every night (and tell them to turn ON in the morning). There was a panel to operate the AC but it just didn't do nothing. The breakfast is ok, but on the pricey side with 13£ if preordered. They do fresh omelettes which is a nice touch, but the breakfast room is quite small and can get crowded.  The bar is ok and staff is friendly and attentive.  Overall if I hadn't to do anything to do in Kensington, I would not choose this hotel…",Date of stay: September 2016,3.0
1197,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1195-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Great location ,"Hotel was great for our needs, very close to the exhibition hall at Olympia. Staff were very friendly and the breakfast was delicious, with a great variety of choice. Room was a little small for two but overall a good business hotel.",Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
1198,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1195-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Perfect location!!!,"Had several excellent stays at the Olympia Hilton in guest rooms and junior suite. The staff are great, friendly and helpful. Super clean rooms and facilities. Location is perfect, very close to Hammersmith and Kensington High Street shopping areas, plenty of food options in the area. Looking forward to the next stay!:)",Date of stay: September 2016,5.0
1199,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1195-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Good service but overall just ok,"This hotel is near Olympia tube station but that only operates at weekends and for major exhibitions. Otherwise, the nearest tube stations are a 15 minute walk but buses stop nearby. Staff were efficient and friendly at all times.  Our room was fine but a bit limited. The only storage areas were a wardrobe with one shelf and two bedside lockers. The bathroom ceiling was a bit low (or the bath a bit high) but a tall person would have to stoop to get under the shower. There was also a problem with the lifts. The hotel has three small lifts but one was out of order for three days and another for a day. We got fed up waiting and took to the stairs eventually on a few occasions.  The breakfast selection was generally very good with the chef ready to cook poached eggs or omelettes on…",Date of stay: September 2016,3.0
1200,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1200-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Terrible- You'll get better at a Premier Inn,"Wife and I, plus 2 children (aged 10 and 13) had 2 adjoining rooms booked here (1 double, 1 twin) by an agency for a trade show we were attending. Arrived at the hotel and found that are 'adjoining rooms' had been split- one on the 2nd floor and 1 on the 6th- and they couldn't/wouldn't change it. My wife entered her room with our eldest child to find an empty coke can, plastic bag, litter all over the room and hairs in the sink in the bathroom. In my room (shared with my youngest) I tried to have a shower and banged my head on the ceiling in the bathroom (im only 5'10!), and the shower head droopy. In the morning at breakfast the waiter showed us to a table covered in scambled eggs from a previous diner pulled out a seat, also covered in egg, and simply used his hand to brush it…",Date of stay: September 2016,1.0
1201,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1200-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Very poor value for money,"Three night stay, chosen as close to Olympia and with car parking.  A really poor hotel.   Car Parking is £35 for 24 hours, which is an absolute joke when the price of a small double room comes it at a little under £180 a night with no breakfast.  Couldn't comment on breakfast as £18 per person for some cereal is just a rip off.  The lifts were constantly out of use during our stay, meaning one small lift was in operation for the whole hotel.  WiFi is chargeable, except for in the lobby which is just ridiculous given the room cost.  The rooms are tiny, and dark. Our 7th floor room was incredibly noisy with constant street traffic, not helped by the fact the air conditioning seemed to be unable to cool the room down and simply converted electricity to noise.  Mini bar / fridge…",Date of stay: September 2016,2.0
1202,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1200-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,PERFECT for a busy work trip to Olympia,"Lobby:  From when you arrive you can see that the public areas of the hotel are in top condition and everything is easily accessible and well laid out. The reception desk has a lovely backlit onyx backdrop. To the right of the lobby is a small gift shop and to the left is a full-service Costa coffee branch that connects into the lobby. There is also a full concierge desk and a lift bank.   On the lifts: Some said that the lifts were extremely slow. For most of our stay, 2 lifts were in service and it was sufficient, but on one day there was just a single lift which was not really acceptable as the lifts only fit 5 passengers (all touching) and two bags although they are rated for 10. The lifts comfortably fit just 4 people, so this is a potential future area that could be…",Date of stay: September 2016,5.0
1203,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1200-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Dated,"Overnight stay on a business trip. Hotel felt tired and dated, dull grey carpets, boxy rooms. TV didn't work, faint smell in room (air-conditioning?). Don't get me wrong, it's not a bad hotel, just needs some TLC. Staff were great though, helped me check in with my bicycle, sorted out my phone charger that I'd left in my room, dealt with the smell (well, masked it anyway), sorted out an ice bucket etc. Probably best for location next to London Olympia. Still, for me this will be a back up hotel for use when my usual hotel is full as it was this week.",Date of stay: September 2016,3.0
1204,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1200-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Conveniently located,A short walk from Olympia overground station and on excellent bus routes makes this Hilton a great choice for a visit to London. The staff were very helpful and gave great advice on transport into the city centre and to the theatre. Buses to many places stop outside the hotel and the train station is just a few minutes away. The hotel itself was of the standard expected in a Hilton and the restaurant had a good choice of food and beverages. Housekeeping accommodated our allergy requirements and provided us with feather free bedding without any problem.,Date of stay: September 2016,5.0
1205,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1205-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Good location ,"We stayed here during a birthday trip for 2 nights, lobby area and bar very nice but rooms basic but this was to be expected given the trip advisor reviews I had read beforehand. Our room was located right beside where the maids went in and out and we were often woken up by really loud banging of the door next to us. We didn't have a view from the room just faced out to other rooms but we weren't in the hotel much so we weren't overly fussed. Overall cleanliness of hotel we had no issues with. We didn't eat in the hotel but did visit the bar for cocktails, the waitress ordered the wrong drink for me obviously by mistake I think there was one extra ingredient added that I didn't ask for but to be honest I didn't realise however I was charged extra for it when the bill came, when…",Date of stay: April 2016,3.0
1206,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1205-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Doesn't live up to the HH Brand,"Small substandard rooms, no drinking water which is basic for any HH hotel.  Breakfast was good. Staff are friendly if you are friendly to them first.  Good shopping area.   But I am not going to return here if I had an option",Date of stay: September 2016,2.0
1207,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1205-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Bustling hotel in West London,"As an HHonors Gold member I was upgraded from single to double room, so got a very pleasant room after some swapping around as the original room wasn't ready. Pleasant and helpful staff to sort this out. Fridge and tea/coffee making provided. Comfortable bed and good adjustable air conditioning to give a pleasant atmosphere. Large bathroom with bathtub and shower over. Breakfast was of a good standard with plenty of choice. Well situated for Overground trains and plenty of buses to West End and Hammersmith/Shepherds Bush/Westfield area.",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
1208,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1205-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,in need of refurbishment,"Paid a lot of money for a very small single room which had damp smell, cold water and in desperate need of refurbishment. No complimentary bottle of water despite the cost of the room. one or two coat hangers. on my visit only one of three lifts working. Expensive drink and food.",Date of stay: September 2016,2.0
1209,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1205-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Great hotel,A good location to go shopping without the hassle and bustle of the west end. There are bus stops right outside that take you to the nearest tube station. The area is clean and relatively quiet. The hotel has very friendly staff and the breakfasts are amazing. ,Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
1210,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1210-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Lovely hotel - excellent staff,"Location is a bit tricky to get to. We decided to get the tube to High Street Kensington and walk as its directly on the high street (albeit 15mins the other end). However the staff made us completely forget the walk as they were so helpful, friendly and smiley!   Even the onsite workman went out of his way to help us down to reception!   Couldn't fault the staff! ...oh and the bar was pretty good too! ",Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
1211,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1210-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,60th birthday ,"Stayed after a trip to the theatre with my husband for his 60th birthday.  When they knew they couldn't do enough for us.  The concierge was incredibly helpful, even offering us assistance when (off duty) he noticed we were a little unsure of where we were going. The waitress in the bar was extra helpful. All in all making a great evening all in. Will most definitely be returning. ",Date of stay: September 2016,5.0
1212,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1210-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Complimentary Hairs On Bathroom Tiles,"One of the worst hotels I have had the misfortune to stay in, and thankfully I only had to suffer one night. The chap on check-in was lovely - very friendly, polite and efficient. So far, so good.  The room was small and very tired/dated. As it was a pretty warm day I went to open the window - what a stunning view (see photo)! The carpet had a crease/bump that ran across the room. There was also a solid strange lump in the carpet at one side of the bed which I have no idea what it could have been. There was no socket near the bed so charging my phone for alarm purposes was not possible. The bed had some kind of ill-fitting mattress topper under the sheet.   I went to have a shower - the bath wasn't an option as the size was only suitable for Happy, Sleepy, Dock etc - and was…",Date of stay: September 2016,1.0
1213,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1210-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Excellent location for Olympia,"Excellent if there is an exhibition at Olympia, otherwise I wouldn't stay here Staff very helpful and friendly and knowledgable Rooms clean but eighth floor stank of smoke as did the room  But noisy at night but that's due to inconsiderate guests and not the fault of the hotel Bathrooms need updating Bedding clean and nice bed!",Date of stay: September 2016,3.0
1214,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1210-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Low Value for Money,"I paid 105 GBP/night and no breakfast included! Carpets are old and faded. My bathroom was not meticulously cleaned. However, they provide free internet. Also the location (Kensington) is majestic. I wish the room had better noise isolation.",Date of stay: September 2016,3.0
1215,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1215-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Enjoyed our stay. Excellent location. But,Enjoyed our stay. only thing to be careful off is that the deluxe bedroom is small. You can hardly even open a suitcase. The fridge (bar) in the room was empty. Lift is small and takes awhile. Some rooms are on floors accessible only by stairs so you have to make sure you request an accessible room if you have small chuldren and buggies,Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
1216,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1215-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Staff make this hotel,"The staff really make this hotel. Everyone is polite, professional and very helpful. We had excellent service from Bruna on reception and Sandra & Francesca in the restaurant. It is a great location for seeing London and there are some nice pubs and restaurants nearby.",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
1217,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1215-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Coffee in the hotel bar area,The hotel bar area has an old but comfortable feel to it. It's not trendy and doesn't have much character but the furniture is comfortable and the staff is very friendly. It's not cozy. Mostly because The bar area is located just up the stairs from the main reception.  Best description would be to say that it looks like a conference hotel. ,Date of stay: August 2016,3.0
1218,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1215-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Comfortable stay and helpful staff, great value, great location!","So I stayed here with a friend august bank holiday weekend 2016. The hotel is about a 15 minute walk from Shepherds Bush station. I actually booked this my accident; I wanted to book the other Hilton up the road which is opposite the station. However this was still a good choice. I paid £389 at a non refundable rate for 4 nights, between two sharing that’s roughly £50 per person per night so can’t knock it at all.  The staff at check in were very helpful and checked me in quickly. The room itself wasn’t bad at all, decent size, had tea/coffee making facilities, two single beds. The TV was your basic freeview channels but the remote seemed on its way out as there was a delayed reaction from when you pressed the button to a channel changing. There was enough for a chair and table…",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
1219,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1215-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Very Mixed at Best,"We're here for 7 nights.  So far 2 of the 3 very tiny elevators have been out of service.   This has meant for the most part hoofing it up and down 8 flights of stairs.  Not bad for me (I like the exercise) but my partner had to run down 8 flights this morning in high heels to catch her Uber to work...the stairwells are filled with old people hobbling down the staircases.  This morning I saw a mother carrying a small baby down from the 4th floor with other children in tow.  Really shocking.  Have yet to see any signs of repair work being done...  The staff, however, are quite nice.  As is typical, young people from abroad to work and practice their English.    The restaurant on the second floor is perfectly adequate.   The location's major drawback is lack of proximity to Tube…",Date of stay: August 2016,3.0
1220,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1220-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Bad wireless reception,I'l been staying at this Hilton for over a year on business trips and some rooms have good internet signals and some do not. The 7th floor doesn't have good internet signals. I usually get a good signal on 6th floor and 8th floor but try to avoid 7th floor. Also I've had bad signals on the west side of hotel at end of hall. Not a good air conditioning system. Rooms tend to be too warm in summer and too cold in winter.,Date of stay: August 2016,3.0
1221,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1220-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Helpful, friendly staffs.",Good:  great location. Bus stops are steps away.  Helpful and friendly staffs. Free wifi (with membership)  Poor:  Poor soundproof.  Mini bar... Facilities (e.g. TV) are kind of old  Overall: we are statisfied with our stay in Hilton London Olypia.  ,Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
1222,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1220-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Great Hotel if exhibiting or visiting Olympia,"Fantastic location if you're attending Olympia.  Rooms OK but not large, you get the feeling they have squeezed in as many as possible (which is not a criticism) quite dark inside and this is most definitely a business persons hotel.  After Olympia kicks out the bar is usually cram packed with suits talking work. Beds comfortable and amenities as expected from a Hilton. Cant comment on the breakfast as they have a Costa incorporated in the hotel and decided to treat myself to banana loaf instead.  A few lovely restaurants nearby if you want to escape the business talk",Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
1223,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1220-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,stay,"I was not very impressed with the room cleanliness. I also thought that staff could have been more professional. they sounded like robots. not very helpful. At one point on e odffthe staff became a defensive. Room was small, dingy and had an awful odour. location  was good. otherwise it was ok. I had to stay because I had a meeting there and it was easier for me to attend from there.",Date of stay: August 2016,3.0
1224,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1220-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Worth to consider for your next stay,"Staff at check-in desk and especially at breakfast are very polite and service-minded. Breakfast variety and taste of food was very good.  The rooms are sizewise ok. Depending to the location of your room, you might have some noise from a busy road, or a quiet room if it looks to the other side. The bed was comfortable, the bathroom clean, although it should see a refurbishment in near future.  TV-channels are limited for international visitors (no German channel) and the worse was that there was more or less no internet available, due to very low signal in the room. Even in the lobby it didn't work always properly and it seems that some transactions are not supported (WhatsApp did not work on smart-phone). This is a big disadvantage for business-guests or others who have…",Date of stay: August 2016,3.0
1225,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1225-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Really friendly staff,"Reception staff happy and helpful. Breakfast great selection of nice quality. Really attentive service at breakfast too. Nice hotel bar. Air con in rooms worked well. Rest of hotel a little tired. Only one of the three main lifts worked.   Hotel good choice for Olympia and five min taxi from Royal Albert Hall  Concierge not helpful - they did not tell us that Olympia tube station was pretty much next door but had us walk miles to another station in the rain. They also advertised taxis back to Waterloo, stating that their fee was the cheaper than a black cab. Knowing what paid in a black cab from southwark, I did not think their prices were reasonable so we flagged down our own taxi and the cost was over £5 cheaper. It would have been even less if we had used something like uber.…",Date of stay: August 2016,3.0
1226,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1225-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Pretty average,"Stayed at the Hilton Olympia in Kensington with my family.  The rooms are small (but most big city hotel rooms are) and felt a bit dated. The staff was friendly and the location was average.  If the nightly price is attractive then this hotel should be considered.  For our stay, which was high summer season, the nightly rate was high and given other options I would have elected for another property.",Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
1227,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1225-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Good hotel with great location,Stayed 6 nights here. Was a little worry with some bad reviews but with the decided to give a try. Generally I am impressed with this hotel.  Staffs at the front desk were fantastic. Check in was fast and nicely done.Attached to the lobby there is coffee place and serve good reasonable coffee. There is also a small drug store where you can get some snack and drinks. Room - yes was a little small but with the price you are paying you cant complaint more. Mine was at the higher floor and got some good view too. Nearest mall will be Westfield and it's walking distance. Location was great as you can travel using the public transport nearby. I am sure to return if traveling to London again,Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
1228,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1225-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,short break in London,"We were in London for a trip to the proms, and stayed at Hilton Olympia for the Saturday night. The hotel was comfortable and very reasonable. Service was good  and staff very pieasant. Location was very convenient.",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
1229,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1225-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Good for events at the Olympia,"I chose this hotel for a couple of nights as I had an event to attend at the London Olympia and this is very close by.  We had originally booked a Double room but due to having Hilton Diamond status, we were upgraded to an Executive room which included lounge access for complimentary breakfast and evening snacks. The room was large especially for London and I'd even consider it large if I were outside London.  The room had the standard tea making facilities, iron, board, hair dryer and safe. There was also a mini-bar for drinks and pay for tray for snacks. The AC wasn’t working when we arrived but a member of staff soon came once we alerted them to this and it was fixed quickly.  Sockets were by the TV, two at the desk and one by one bedside.  The bathroom was spacious but the…",Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
1230,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1230-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Exceptional Value even if a little shop worn,"I read reviews carefully.  You can tell when someone is out to do a hatchet job or is an informercial.  Yes, the beds need updating and a shower should be put in place of the lifted tub that anyone over 6' will not be able to stand in due to the dropped ceiling.  But the overall deal is exceptional.  Get the breakfast.  Something or a lot of good things for any diet (or lack of diet, and some things we are not used to).  Breakfast buffet offers free lattes and fancy coffees served table side.    Towels are the largest softest bath sheets I have ever seen.  Room is adequate. Location is excellent for getting around, and various tube stops within walking distance.  This hotel with breakfast, if shopped properly, is an exceptional value, ignoring the ""negative nellies"" who will…",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
1231,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1230-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,DISMISSIVE THIEVES,I stayed here for a weekend at the end of July with a friend and we accidently left some items of clothing in the wardrobe. Despite no-one other than the cleaning staff entering the room the clothes went 'missing'. After numerous phone calls and emails we were told that the staff had been interviewed and cctv was being looked at. Three weeks later we are still waiting to hear from the hotel and find it unbelievable that they are so unconcerned that they obviously employ thieves who think they can get away with this crime!! I will never be recommending Hilton to anyone ever again and am now forced to take further action against the Kensington!,Date of stay: July 2016,1.0
1232,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1230-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Nice stay!,"Nice location and convenient to train, bus stops and shopping and a wonderful park! The staff  are friendly and polite, and the hotel has a nice workout room also. The hotel is great to a nice park area too.  I like all the shops that are closeby too. Notting Hilll is so close through the park and also a great play to visit while you are here! I would recommend this for any business  person or even a family coming to visit London. ",Date of stay: August 2016,2.0
1233,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1230-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Great staff, fantastic breakfast ","Hilton London Olympia is great situated in 1 zone of London. Very friendly and helpfulness staff. Fantastic breakfast Hilton standard. Thank you, I will be definitely choose next time your hotel. Nice selection of the Gin's in the bar on the first floor. ",Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
1234,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1230-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Good,"Absolutely amazing breakfasts - can't recommend it enough.  The rest of the hotel was nice, helpful staff etc.  Location is ok - it's very near the overground station.  The only problem is the traffic noise from outside.",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
1235,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1235-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,A Hilton not even close to Hilton standard (Except the staff),"My partner's friend had booked this hotel on behalf of us as it was near to his wedding venue. Arriving on foot we were greeted by an ugly, brown brick exterior and a fairly cramped lobby.  We were checked in by a lovely staff member calld Bruna who tried as best she could to accommodate our high-floor room request (we ended up on the 3rd floor of 8).  On arriving to the room (after waiting an age for the elevators - let me say this now, the elevators suck at this hotel. Three elevators, all took an age to come to you when called. We found it much faster to hoof it up the stairs rather than stand around waiting) we were greeted by an unpleasant damp smell. The view was boring (over A/C units) and the room looked tired and nothing like the pictures on Hilton's own website. No…",Date of stay: August 2016,2.0
1236,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1235-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Noisy and uncomfortable,"Noisy and uncomfortable.  The hotel is located on busy Kensington Street, which for the life of me seems like every lawn force meant and emergency vehicle through all hours of the day and night seem to welder sirens almost nonstop. That, coupled with the fact that  and many of the rooconditioning does not work, so you are open your window which allows even more noise in. The needs seem to take great pride in slamming the doors as loudly as possible in the morning while they are cleaning as well. The rooms are very small, and the bathrooms are beyond  minuscule    If you are over 5'5"" tall, you'll have a very difficult time standing up in the shower as the fact that the tubs are an absolutely ridiculous height above the floor. So, if you have difficulty getting in and out of the…",Date of stay: August 2016,1.0
1237,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1235-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Amazing place. Great staff and greater service.,This was an amazing experience for me especially given the fact that I had set my expectations high given that it was London and Hilton met all of them. But just one really tiny let down was that rooms should be a bit more modern but it seems to go well with the British charm so it isn't such a big deal.,Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
1238,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1235-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Anonymous,"Would highly recommend this hotel. Close to shops, sites, and plenty of restaurants. Also close to the train station Kensington station, convention center is within walking distance. This hotel is on the bus route as well. You can purchase your Oyster card from Harsh in the hotel gift shop. He can also tell you directions for sites to see.",Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
1239,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1235-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Great staff, tired hotel. ","We were looked after by Cesar on a arrival and he was great. Couldn't have been more welcoming and accommodating. The staff in the bar were also fantastic. Reception and lobby area is lovely but the rest of the hotel is looking tired and dated. The nosiest hotel I've ever stayed in, not just from the road. A terrible nights sleep.    ",Date of stay: August 2016,3.0
1240,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1240-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,The most perfect stay ,"This is the seventh time I've stayed here and we were warmly greeted by Penny on reception to check in. A really wonderful example of excellent customer service, a bright, helpful young lady with a personable attitude. She couldn't have done more to help. I mentioned that my mum and I were here to celebrate her retirement and Penny said it would be her pleasure to let us have complimentary use of the executive lounge to make our stay special and after we arrived back from afternoon tea in the city she had arranged a complimentary bottle of wine to the room! These two gestures have just topped off our stay here at a clean, well appointed hotel with excellent location.   We will return here again and again, it's our favourite place to stay in London and recommend it to everyone. ",Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
1241,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1240-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Nice Location, clean hotel, great staff","Check in was smooth and quick, lobby area bright and welcoming. Bus stop right in front of hotel which is convenient, starbuck down the street and Costa inside hotel. Gift shop inside the hotel is priced nicely and not too expensive, you can also get a transportation card inside. Hotel staff was very helpful in giving directions and telling us how to get around. Would definitely stay here again.",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
1242,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1240-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,London Beer Festival,I stayed at the Hilton London Olympia as I was meeting friends at the Olympia for the London Beer Festival. When checking for local hotels on line I was surprised to find that not only was the Hilton the closest to the Olympia (literally a 1-2 minute slow walk) but was the cheapest!! Very pleasantly surprised. The staff were polite and helpful and I was able to check into my room early. The room was more than adequate. Will definitely be staying here again.,Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
1243,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1240-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Expected more fro Hilton,"Pros: close to Olympia, we got our room earlier than official check in, very friendly and professional staff, close to overground, tasty breakfast, very comfy bed, nice and modern reception and breakfast room, we got a room and breakfast for a really good price, ok for 1 night  Cons: 8th floor room was dark, dated (especially bathroom) and very noisy (probably air con on the roof), views from 8th floor should be nice but our window wasn't transparent and it didn't open, breakfast room was very cold in the morning, expected more from Hilton",Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
1244,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1240-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Massively Overpriced Mediocrity,"Stayed for 3 nights for an event at Olympia.  It does everything you'd expect from a large hotel in central London, only that little bit worse and a lot more expensive. Even by London standards this place has eye-watering prices for pretty average offerings. Some examples include:  £20 for breakfast (TWENTY POUNDS STERLING) - sod that, go to the delightful Blue Room just 5 mins down the road £17 for large Gin and Tonic (SEVENTEEN) - admittedly a pretty decent gin in this case, but even so, it's fairly laughable pricing.  The standard of room was pretty poor, with the bathroom in serious and obvious need of a complete refurb. Everything else was OK, but not particularly great in any respect.  Overall, I'd be fairly confident that better accommodation and quality could be found…",Date of stay: August 2016,2.0
1245,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1245-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Could be better,"The room we stayed in was very small for 2 people as there was only 18inches between wall and bottom of bed ,kept bruising my leg on corner of bed. Shower in bathroom needs to be updated,but apart from that we enjoyed staying at this location",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
1246,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1245-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Ideal for Olympia!,"We stayed here in July whilst attending an event at Olympia. It was the ideal location - just a few minutes walk away. Our room was a bit on the small side, but ok for what we needed it for. We kept having to remember not to step on the fixed door stop on the floor when exiting the bath. We felt this was a bit dangerous. Breakfast was great and the dining area very nice. We also ate at the hotel one night. The food was nice enough, but nothing special and was a bit on the pricy side, especially the drinks. All the staff were extremely helpful and pleasant and we were allowed to keep the room for an extra two hours which helped us very much. We would stay here again.",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
1247,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1245-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Mediocracy rules,"Well. I decided to pay out to stop here for the last 2 days of the Great British Beer Festival this year.  As a whole the building is a typical business hotel. Lots and lots of guest rooms and conferencing facilities. The location is absolutely brilliant for the Olympia convention centre next door and there is ample transport links along Kensington High Street into central London.  I arrived early and the hotel let me check in 2 1/2 hours early at no extra cost and after checking the website I see that they actually put me in a higher class room than what I paid for. The staff were plentify, friendly and helpful, no fault there.  Now, the room itself. EVERYTHING cost extra. Pressure padded drinks and snacks, a mini bar without a price list and a small fortune for breakfast.  The…",Date of stay: August 2016,3.0
1248,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1245-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Lovely staff,"Disabled access was not so good but the staff were generally very helpful, especially Pradeep at breakfast. Comfortable and clean. Lifts were inadequate for wheelchairs. Beware of service charge in bar.",Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
1249,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1245-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,A bit dissapointed,"Location was fine and about a 12 min walk to the tube station at High St Kensington, this reflected in a very good rate.  Reception was nice, rooms were ok, clean but tired and beds made a right noise when you moved.  The main issue was the wifi, we are Hilton Honors members for one reason and to get free internet access, but there were plenty of dead zones including our rooms, thus you could only use the free wifi in the lobby.  Also the noise at night from the adjoining roads is very load  Overall it was ok, but I probably wont return",Date of stay: August 2016,3.0
1250,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1250-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Nice location,The rooms are clean but should be reconditioned!!!!! The hotel has a very good link to the center of the city by bus. Reception staff is friendly and helpful and the breakfast is good. I enjoyed my accommodation.,Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
1251,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1250-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Great Location,"Good hotel, excellent location for accessing Westminster, Thames as well as Kensington and Chelsea.  Pet friendly, excellent restaurant service at breakfast time. Reception staff very friendly and helpful. Concierge were excellent too",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
1252,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1250-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Worst hotel ever!,"Staying at the Hilton Olympia hotel in Kensington London was a big mistake. My  husband and I booked one night stay in an executive room. We arrived late at night and to start with  we found the door to our room open with the lights switched off and the TV on. There was no water at all in the room, no bathrobes or slippers, no iron but we had an ironing board ( all these were supposed to be in an executive room that is why we booked it). The bathroom was dirty with mould on the walls, brown marks around the toilet ( which could have been easily cleaned) and one of the white towels had a disgusting  brown mark on it. The matress had sunk on one side of the bed which meant that my husband had a very uncomfortable night sleep. We told a member of staff about the bathrobes and iron…",Date of stay: August 2016,1.0
1253,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1250-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Hard beds and hot room,Beds are hard and uncomfortable. Feels like sleeping in the floor. A/C barely works at keeping the room cold. Halls were cooler than the room. Had to ask staff to open the window just so I could fall asleep. Breakfast is exquisite though.,Date of stay: August 2016,3.0
1254,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1250-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Not great at all,"I had to stay here with my two children aged four and 11 months. The accommodation had been arranged for us.  I had read some reviews that it was dated, but I still went with an open mind. I have to say that people were right. The decor left a lot to be desired and I think I believed that a hotel in 'Kensington' would be much nicer to be honest. It was all just a bit drab. I had a king sized bed and the four year old had a sofa bed which was really thin and hard so I asked for a duvet to put on top of the mattress. There were a few mold spots on it and it was a bit damp...I didn't complain as I thought maybe it had just come from being dried? Same again with the travel cot provided for my baby being hard and thin. I really hate when hotels do that. Like anyone would let their…",Date of stay: August 2016,2.0
1255,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1255-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,disappointing for a Hilton,"stayed 5 nights from 2/8/16. Arrived after 3pm but it was as if they didnt know i had booked a room. I am hilton honors member and my preferences were totally ignored. I asked if an upgrade was available but was told no as hotel was fully booked, I later found out by talking to another guest that they had received an upgrade and were not LOYAL hilton members. I am very annoyed at this,as we were celebrating my husbands birthday. The room on the 1st floor which we were allocated was very well used and everything reflected this from furniture to bathroom, but it was clean. The beds were ok clean again.  But was very noisy.( I looked at another room on 7th floor but it was small as well.)Once again there was no evidence to recognise Hhonors members. The internet which was free if…",Date of stay: August 2016,2.0
1256,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1255-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,A very pleasant stay at the Hilton London Olympia,"Our four night stay at the Hilton Olympia is worth praising. Excellent amenities through out the Hotel, especially the lounge and dining areas, not forgetting the well equipped gym. Each morning post exercise, we enjoyed a wonderful breakfast from a wide selection of fresh and nutritious buffet. Our room was beautifully decorated, very comfortable and thanks to the domestic staff, was kept in first class order. All staff were friendly and helpful, ready with local knowledge and advice. A true taste of good old London hospitality, I'd visit again.",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
1257,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1255-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Distinctly Average,"A bit of a let down for the Hilton brand to be honest. I expect more from them by way of customer service. The room I had was pokey and of a lower standard than a travelodge. Customer service was poor at the reception, I went down twice for advice concerning luggage and directions. The first was informative though curt, the second time I had to wait 10 mins after the receptionist walked off without acknowledging me and came back 10 mins later:-(",Date of stay: August 2016,3.0
1258,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1255-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Needs a lick of paint,"Stayed here for a weekend seeing friends and going to the Hammersmith Apollo.   Was upgraded to a junior suite which was nice, however the decor is dated and well in need of a refurbishment.  The wifi did not work in the room even with a password (no user name).  Sound proofing not good with busy road outside.  The staff were a little undertrained at breakfast.  Nice but needs some work.",Date of stay: August 2016,3.0
1259,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1255-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Absolutely perfect!,"Myself and my friend have just returned from two lovely nights at the Hilton London Olympia. Having read a few bad reviews, we were a bit sceptical but we couldn't have been happier.   The hotel is situated about a 10 minute walk from High Street Kensington tube station in a lovely area.   On arrival, the receptionist was very polite and checked us in promptly. Our twin room was on the third floor (317) and had no view but funnily enough, we were in London to actually do things, not stare out of the hotel window... (That's for everyone moaning about the views!) The room was clean, smelt freshly cleaned and gorgeous and was very spacious. It was equipped with the usual TV, kettle, hairdryer etc. Our room was cleaned and fresh towels given daily and the tea/coffee tray was also…",Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
1260,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1260-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Night away ,We stumbled across this hotel mainly as it was cheap and i wanted somewhere with a bath it ticks both these boxes . The only problem with this property its very noisey we were on the 7th floor and the what must have been generators ?? Very loud all night resulting in poor sleep also the beds are not fantastic and the decor very dated . The good points cheap not a bad location and staff were helpful at reception .,Date of stay: August 2016,3.0
1261,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1260-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Good location, improvements needed","This is a good hotel with very helpful staff and good facilities . It is a 15 minute walk from High St Kensington tube, but even better are the buses that can be caught outside.  Two improvements are necessary 1. Bedroom was in need of refurbishment. Our bath had parts where the enamel had worn off and so black marks on the bath. 2 At breakfast there is a 'greasy' smell due to the chef cooking omelettes and eggs in the dining area with no extraction fan. I don't expect to come out of breakfast with clothes smelling as if I had just come out of a 'greasy spoon' cafe. ",Date of stay: August 2016,3.0
1262,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1260-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Basic room but comfortable,"I stayed here for two nights while at London Film and Comic Convention at the Olympia. Location wise I couldnt fault it, within easy walking distance of Tube and convention centre. The staff on arrival were friendly and effiencient, allowing us to leave our bags as we were early.  Unfortunatley the room let the hotel down, it was quite dated and the beds not very comfortable. The TV was very limited not even offering full Freeview. The free wifi we had didnt work. It sometimes connected but very slow. The air con worked but didnt blow cold and the controls didnt seem to effect the temperature or speed. I suspect it was centrally controlled.  Overall I was a bit dissappointed as booking with Hilton I expected a better standard. Was still an ok stay and the price was reasonable…",Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
1263,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1260-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Fantastic breakfast, needs new beds",Perfect for Olympia exhibitions - as close as you can get!  Easy access straight down Kensington High Street too. Best breakfast I have ever had - so fresh and plentiful! Staff very pleasant and efficient.  Only issue I have is the beds: ours on 8th floor had spring mattresses that creaked loudly with each movement and in my view need replacing. Only thing that felt less than a Hilton to me.  Would definitely  again though for any future Olympia events.  ,Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
1264,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1260-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Five lovely days ,Stayed here for an event In London the reception staff are lovely and really helpful .The hotel.is I'm a great location and is kept to a pristine standard . Like it's immaculate .  The only gripes we had regarding our stay are our booking was an adult with two Children there was a double bed and a camp bed provided which was too narrow for our children who are possessed by demons during the night and spin at 360 degrees and turn more than a washing machine so inevitably they ended up on the floor.   The restaurant ...breakfast was superb and self service .. evening dinner was a much slower affair and we felt we waited far too.long after ordering each night for drinks to be served and meals to be delivered up to 45 minuets at times which isn't ok . The cleaner also got to our…,Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
1265,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1265-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Excellent stay...very satisfied,Couldn't recommend this highly enough. Excellent friendly helpful staff and large clean comfy room. Shame about the room service which was overpriced for what you got and took well over an hour. Excellent choice for olympia events.,Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
1266,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1265-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Not recommended ,"I stayed here for 2 nights this weekend. I would never stay here again. My first room, 643, had no window, don't have this room if you want a view. The bed was so uncomfortable, a raised wooden ridge ran the length of the bed down the middle so I didn't get any sleep. I requested a move the following day, room 740 had a comfier bed and a window.  50% of staff friendly, 50% couldn't care less. Not a good impression for a 4 star hotel. I asked if I could book a taxi and was told to just stand outside and flag one down. A gentleman on front desk Friday night could speak English very well, told me he couldn't understand me and hung up when I phoned.  Room service staff were polite, friendly. I had the potato gnocchi on Friday night, delicious. On Saturday night I had someone else's…",Date of stay: July 2016,2.0
1267,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1265-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,A bad stay,"Location was alright, close to kensington high street. As for the stay, my partner and I had to endure a dreadful night on our final night's stay in this hotel. There was a party occurring in the room next to us (room 635) with men and women shouting, swearing, singing, playing music and banging. This was not helped by the rooms themselves which are not sound proof to say the least (I could hear the traffic from the 6th floor). This is not what I would have expected from a 4 star hotel in the middle of Kensington. I was left feeling very disappointed as well as let down by the hotel for not doing more to ensure this did not happen in the first instance at 4.30am, or to continue until past 7.30am. Having spoken to Frederick Rossi the hotel manager he could not suggest anything…",Date of stay: May 2016,1.0
1268,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1265-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,be careful of discounts,"I had booked through Qantas hotels, I interpret that process to mean that if I book in advance I get a discount. The deal struck may not be available after the time that I book. My experience with Hilton Olympia, London suggests that the cheaper price means an inferior room – this is not my interpretation of the contract. Room 645: three-quarter bed; not in itself unsatisfactory. Difficult to walk between bed and luggage rack to window in order to position curtains. In the bathroom the side panel of the bath falling off. Room 360: again small bed. Wifi unavailable. A buzzing noise in the ceiling woke me at 3am – lasted about 10 minutes. Reported in the morning. Occurred again at 11pm. Reported immediately. I have a recording should anyone what to hear it. No replacement room…",Date of stay: July 2016,2.0
1269,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1265-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Good Location,Great location and very friendly and helpful staff. Breakfast is very good and the bar which is open till late is also excellent.  Walking distance to the Westfield mall and plenty of places to eat around the hotel.,Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
1270,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1270-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Disappointing,"Returned for a second year as  attending an event at the Olympia. The hotel is very close so transport not a problem. This year's experience was not good. Single room was like a tiny box room and very shabby. Our double room had a strange smell, was very shabby, Windows painted out and outside covered in bird excrement. The noisy plant machinery outside our room window was so loud all day and night. The corridor carpets, paintwork and wallpaper were the worst I have ever seen in a Hilton hotel. Staff were courteous, reception and lounge area very nice but misleading as rooms were dreadful. Breakfast was good and the staff very helpful. So very disappointed and I am by no means a guest who expects luxury.",Date of stay: July 2016,2.0
1271,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1270-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Given a smoking room,I was given no indication prior to check-in that I would be in a smoking room. In-fact it wasn't until I got to my room I realised I was in a smoking room. The smell was unbearable and not a single window to open. The room was shabby and outdated. It clearly hadn't been updated in any aspect apart from the TV since it opened. I complained about the situation only to be told the hotel was full and no other rooms available. They couldn't even offer me something to mask the smell. Even my clothes for the next morning stank. As I arrived late I went down to the bar to have a meal. The staff though friendly were less than attentive - having already paid for a drink at the bar the staff forgot to bring it over and after asking for a menu it never arrived. Eventually I got my menu and…,Date of stay: July 2016,2.0
1272,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1270-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,do not stay here,"executive king room 636. on the sixth floor and the road noise all night was unbearable. dirty old carpets, yuk! thankfully we only stayed for one night. i would say this room was a nightmare but you need to sleep to have a nightmare. anyone who is happy staying here i don't know what else you have been used to but this is terrible. take ear plugs and slippers if you must stay here ... but avoid if you can.",Date of stay: July 2016,1.0
1273,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1270-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Overpriced,"We were attending an event at London Olympia and booked a premier room at this hotel.  If that was premier, I dread to think what a standard room was like?!  Stains on the carpets, dated furniture........oh, the list would be endless.  Now, the bar area is really nice and modern (very pricey drinks) but nice all the same.  Shame Hilton hasn't spent any money updating the extremely tired bedrooms, but clearly they think they don't have to as have a captive audience with guests attending events at LO.",Date of stay: February 2016,2.0
1274,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1270-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Very dated ,Visited hotel again as my customer had booked me in. The hotel is dated to the point that it will be fashionable again soon. I think it is time the Hilton spent some money and refurbished this hotel. The room was quiet enough and the bed comfortable ,Date of stay: July 2016,2.0
1275,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1275-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,When is a bed not a bed,"When it is sprung - honestly I have seen mattresses in better condition in the street - there was no coir on the side on the matress and the springs played a tune with every body movement if it wasn't for the mattress overlay I'm sure we would have felt every spring as well - we spoke to staff and were advised that they were gradually replacing the mattresses - well if this one was a priority the the others must have been downright disgusting, how the devil can a hotel in the Hilton chain allow things to get to this state is beyond me. This is the 4th time we have been here over a number of years and it would appear that maintainance is a real issue- if there has been any refurbs it was surely the softest of soft. Sorry couldn't recommend this one in a fit and I'm probably being…",Date of stay: July 2016,2.0
1276,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1275-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Old fashioned but comfortable rabbit warren,"The room was really clean and spacious and the bathroom well maintained - if a little cramped. Transport links a bit sparse - only real access is bus or car and car park is very expensive. Has a Costa on site (not quite so well maintained) hotel staff courteous and helpful. Breakfast area rather hidden away and serving area less than spacious but food was good. Good value for quality of room and area, would use again.  Staff were very good at retrieving passports and phone left in safe when members of our party found they had left them behind.",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
1277,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1275-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Good,"We stay at this hotel several times a year. Staff are helpful and friendly. Rooms are clean and spacious. It is very busy with people staying just one night or so. Convenient for getting into central London , Knightsbridge, Notting Hill etc. Our one issue, which applys to most Hilton and Holiday Inn group is food. This Hilton now has only the bar to eat in for dinner, which for us is O.K. as there are many restaurants in this area. However breakfast . Why do they cook dozens of rashers of bacon and dozens of eggs in advance of people taking them, all of which become just warm and congealed. As many hotels prove even when very busyy a good chef can just do them as people turn up keeping just a few step ahead. Also the sausages like some other produce now they use are not the…",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
1278,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1275-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Little outdated,Reasonable enough for the price (booked through lastminute.com)   Room felt quite claustrophobic and although there was a window it was opaque and looked out onto some noisy external plant machinery! (Room 434)  Staff were friendly and location was spot on.  I would just say that the rooms and general decor throughout are very outdated and could really do with a spruce up.    I probably wouldn't stay here again .,Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
1279,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1275-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,One night museum break,"Good hotel for £98 room only in central London. Short 10 min bus ride to natural history museum, science museum and Victoria and Albert museum. Likewise for Kensington gardens and Royal Albert hall. Breakfast was £13 more each but it is a very good breakfast if you want to treat yourself. I'd say it was worth it. They upgraded my twin room booking to a family room as they had no twins available. Large room with two twin beds together made into a king size bed. A sofa bed, but no bedding or quilt for it. Reception and house keeping failed to answer phone on the two times I tried then gave up as we were tired out. Lots of pillows. Double glazed room but road noise was loud. Bring ear plugs if you are a light sleeper. I'm not used to town living but it sounded like sleeping with…",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
1280,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1280-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Visit to Hilton London Olympia,"We arrived at our hotel on Monday and were checked in immediately by a very nice girl. She confirmed that we had pre-purchased our breakfast and would just need to go right in and sent us to our room. The room had a slightly funny odor, but was all right other than that. The next morning at breakfast, we were told our breakfast had not been paid for. We assured them it had, and they went ahead and let us in without seating us or escorting us to a table. That night when we arrived after being out all day, we were locked out of our rooms, so went down to find out if there was a problem. We were told that there had been a mistake on check-in and we had not been formally checked in. They then completed the check in process and assured us everything was taken care of. The next time…",Date of stay: July 2016,2.0
1281,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1280-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Outdated rooms but Hilton staff as expected,"Very friendly and helpful staff which leaves in general good impression of the hotel.   The room (8th floor) was clean, the size good but a little bit outdated. The Executive Lounge good, but small. For the evening service it was packed.  I didn't like the location that much re public transport.  Breakfast in the lounge was good.   If the price is right I would come back.",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
1282,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1280-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Great Hotel & Friendly Staff,"I travelled to London on Business last year by myself and enjoyed my week long stay at the Hilton Olympia as it was very close to the Olympia I could just walk on over.  It's also located in Kensington High street so awesome for nice walks to shops. It's also easy to catch a bus in to other areas.   The Staff at the Hotel were amazing, very friendly and helpful at all times and breakfast was great too.  Rooms were great, nice and modern.",Date of stay: September 2015,4.0
1283,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1280-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"If you like noisy places 24/7, stay here :(","Let's start with the positive, because there are only a few. The staff,  including house keeping, were nice and helpful if you needed anything. The air conditioning worked. The bus lines were right outside, but not undergrounds. Buy an oyster card! The breakfast was pretty good. If it is not included in your booking, buy vouchers when you check in. It was £14.95 instead of £19.95. But you have to book a day ahead.  24/7, you could hear customers and house keeping slamming doors, drawers, and trash loading in the alley way. Plus lots of other noises. If this does not bother you and you can sleep through anything, this hotel might be for you. We were in room 751, hard to find your first visit. By a small staircase that the housekeepers just let their carts fall down. I asked for…",Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
1284,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1280-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Not a Hilton,Hotel is very tired and smelly it can be any thing but not a Hilton- hotel need to be renovated completely to the standreds of Hilton other wise name shouldn't be a hilton as this mislead travelers who expect some thing else from a hILTON,Date of stay: July 2016,1.0
1285,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1285-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Great location convenient to transportation, restaurants, shopping, and sites to visit","The hotel is in a great location. On Kensington Street with easy access to transportation. Olympia tube station a couple blocks walk away, bus stop across the street, many restaurants within walking distance. A local food store a mile walk away. Cafe with outdoor seating attached to the hotel.  Check in & out was easy as Hilton offers, the service was professional and personable. The room was a TINY two twin room with a not so great view of the a side street below. There were a few up and down steps and twists and turns to get to the room, which was difficult with luggage. Extra locks on the door provided security. The room was clean and neat and was cleaned daily. Not used to having no top sheet on the bed in lieu of only the duvet but managed. I do not know if the duvet was…",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
1286,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1285-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Trip to London ,"I booked on one of the saving sites and got a real bargain, check in was quick and easy and the room was spacious and clean, although we did find a pair of mens under garments hanging from the window behind the curtain (we did find it  funny)and an open bottle of complimentary water, we spoke to reception who couldn't appologise enough and would move the item and change the water, On returning they had placed two more bottles of water but left the opened one there, and the item of underwear was still hanging from the window handle! Which we did mention on check out, that apart it was a pleasurable stay and only a bus ride away from the centre of London ",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
1287,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1285-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Inexpensive, clean room in central London","After seeing a few unhappy reviews, my partner and I were a little worried to stay at this hotel (we had already booked), but we were pleasantly surprised when we arrived. It’s just a short walk from Kensington High Street Tube, plus Holland Park and Westfield Shopping Centre are also in walking distance.  Check in and check out were quick and easy, and the staff polite. Our room was better than expected, lots of space for a London property and everything was clean and tidy. My only complaint is that it would have been nice to have a bath, but the bottom of it had a rough anti-slip coating that was half peeling off and a little stained – not very appealing.  It was an inexpensive, adequate room in central London, close to the things we wanted to visit. I would use this hotel…",Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
1288,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1285-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Excellent service, very professional","I will stay there again in the near future and will recommend it to all my friends, the service, the location and all members of staff were very nice, the breakfast was extremely good and had a large variety of food ",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
1289,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1285-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Convenient location,"A very pleasant and comfortable hotel. This is my hotel of choice in London for 2 reasons. It is situated very close to my sister's home and is on a great bus route to Kensington High St, Oxford Circus, Piccadilly Circus and Knightsbridge, the shopping areas I frequent when in London. The breakfast buffet is very good with a wide selection of both hot and cold dishes.",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
1290,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1290-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Had absolutely everything I needed.,"While there have been a few mishaps (Particularly with the room service and cleaning), I have been on so many trips recently and I can say without a doubt that I would stay in this hotel again should I visit this area again in the future. I found the staff to be really polite and helpful, and I really do love how I am so near to several restaurants, drug stores, etc.   There just might have been one thing that seriously got on my nerves, and that was the fire door, but, we can't really blame anyone for that now, can we?",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
1291,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1290-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Very drab,"A well located if very run down hotel, the food in the executive lounge was of a high standard and the lounge itself along with the reception are clearly where the money has been spent in this hotel. Unfortunatly the room, a king executive in this case,  had a extremely firm bed and the condition of the room was very poor.    From the carpet lifting in multiple places and the presence of a very noticeable stain on the ceiling which I'd rather not think about I left feeling very disappointed with my stay which is a shame because the staff are very polite and seem helpful and attentive.",Date of stay: July 2016,1.0
1292,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1290-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Good location and Comfortable Place,A nice small hotel with great bus service a short ride into the tourist areas of central London. The rooms are small but comfortable. A nice little cafe in the hotel which was great for a smoothie or quick snack. Free wifi in the lobby area and occasionally in the room.,Date of stay: June 2016,3.0
1293,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1290-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Not happy,My card was pre authorised twice which caused awful problems with my card not working for a week. Spending time in London with no money isn't easy and all due to mistakes made by the hotel.  Blah blah blah,Date of stay: July 2016,2.0
1294,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1290-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Dated hotel with uncomfortable mattresses,"Decent location, but the hotel is dated. The worst part was the the matresses were very uncomfortable. I had to change rooms after 2 nights, which they were OK with, but the next bed was equally uncomfortable. This is London - there are better hotels.",Date of stay: July 2016,2.0
1295,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1295-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Poor quality,"Inflated prices for substandard accommodation, rooms very small and extremely noisy, but clean, would not recommend, in desperate need of a refurb.  Breakfast was ok but could have been a bit warmer. Overall not great.",Date of stay: July 2016,1.0
1296,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1295-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Hilton Olympia London,"The appearance of the hotel is well worn and shabby. The staff are very welcoming and were attentive to all my needs.  The traffic on the main road outside the hotel is noisy and constant, well into the night.  Generally, I had a comfortable stay but the presentation and furnishings of the hotel are not up to the usual Hilton standard.",Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
1297,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1295-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Good location for olympia,"Good location for the Olympia venue.Excellant choice for breakfast.Had deluxe bedroom which was comfortable but was located at the front,which is on noisy,busy road all night.Restaurant had good quality food but service and bar was extremely slow.We stayed there for the free from food fair at the nearby Olympia,and was disappointed by the lack of choice of gluten free food on the hotels menu.",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
1298,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1295-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,New beds and sound proofing needed,"Stayed last weekend 7th & 8th July. The staff at the hotel were lovely. Breakfast is good quality although at peak times its a nightmare, staff are running around doing their best to cope but demand sometimes outweighed availability of space and food, if you are in a rush or have a bus to catch go early or late. Between 8.30 and 9.30 is bonkers, the breakfast was very nice. Here goes, we stayed in room 509 , it was ok, a little old fashioned but clean and tidy. We dumped our stuff and headed out as we had booked a meal prior to going to a show. We returned around 11.40pm and went to bed. The mattress was awful, you could feel the springs through the mattress and the springs were noisy just through turning over. We didn't sleep well at all and the same the following night. There…",Date of stay: July 2016,2.0
1299,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1295-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Nice but Tired Hotel,"There is nothing much wrong with this Hotel, I just associate Hilton as a premium brand and this is not premium.  It does have positives though. The reception staff were lovely and the concierge very polite and helpful.  The room was very clean and of a reasonable level of comfort.  I picked a room at the back of the hotel and at night it was quiet.  Not so positive, the room was very tired, stains in the carpet and the bathroom really needed a refurbishment,. The TV was ok, but very unresponsive to the remote.  While searching for a powerpoint near the bed, I found it was broken and looked dangerous.  I had a twin room and next time I will ask for a double.  The single beds although probably a standard size, are quite narrow if you like to stretch out.  The only thing I really…",Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
1300,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1300-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Very nice area,"Stayed here for 3 nights midweek after booking on Hotwire.com and got a really good deal.  The hotel is on Kensington high street which is a very nice area with plenty of shops and restaurants. All the staff were very friendly helpful with any queries. The rom we had was small, but very comfortable bed with iron, and hairdryer in room. We were in a room facing the high street so it was a little noisy in the morning with traffic.  The closest tube station is High Street Kensington which is a 10 minute walk, but there is a bus stop outside the hotel, which can bring you to the tube station or into the city.  We didn't have food in the hotel but the menus looked very good with lots of options. I would definitely stay here again as its a good base for exploring London. ",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
1301,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1300-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Rooms need updating- good service,Staff are wonderful and were friendly from arrival to departure including the hard working staff in the Executive Lounge. Rooms feel really dated- the bathrooms have been updated but if your taking a shower your about 3 inches from the ceiling. The shower is one of these old style hand held jobs that comes from the taps.   About a ten minute walk from the Earls Court Piccadilly line and on the main bus lines into Central London. If your looking for cheaper options than Central London and get a good rate I would recommend it but if you want to be out late at night and to really enjoy the city this is a little far out.   For my liking the beds were a little firm. They are really low and remind me of something from the 70s. Furniture is well worn. I had an Executive Room so would…,Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
1302,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1300-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Not All Hiltons Are The Same...,"We traveled to London for a weeks trip.  What greeted us upon checking into our hotel room has to be seen to be believed.  Apparently our room was not ready for check in as our shower head was in the toilet, the towel hamper was in the sleeping quarters and the carpet was stained to the point that I wouldn't even walk around with my socks on more or less bare foot.  This hotel can be described in one word, TIRED!!!  A major refurbishment is absolutely necessary.  Their morning buffet was the ONLY saving grace.  They must do better.  At the very least, we will NOT be staying with them again.",Date of stay: June 2016,1.0
1303,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1300-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Tired, very very tired","We chose this hotel for its location 300 yards from Olympia.  Right from parking in the underground car park, in the lift, through reception to the room, everything is in need of refurbishment. Even though we had a king room the carpet was stained and rumpled (my wife actually tripped over it), the bed was hard and the furniture was scratched. All night long the old fashioned windows couldn't keep out the traffic noise. The wifi was free but the signal was so poor we couldn't get it. The best thing going for the hotel (other than location) was the staff.  The reception staff were very helpful and sympathetic, but could only agree the hotel was badly in need of refurbishment.",Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
1304,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1300-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel in a good location,We booked this via a site that gave us a secret hotel option. We were not disappointed as the cost of this hotel was very reasonable for this accommodation.  The location is very good. Although it is a bit of a walk from High Street Kensington (10 mins) it is on lots of great bus routes incl. the 9 to Green Park/Covent Garden which takes you to the heart of tourist London for the price of a bus ticket! The surroundings of the hotel being in Kensington are also lovely and the High Street is well worth a stroll.  The lobby was very modern and we had hoioed the room would reflect this but it was a bit tired and obviously not one of the udpated rooms. The window also did not shut/was broken (which we weren't too bothered about being at the side of the hotel and a summer - we did…,Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
1305,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1305-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Business trip,"Most uncomfortable bed I have ever slept in  Breakfast pricing a shambles unless you pre book. If you can't pre book you get penalised and have to pay nearly double Service charge for breakfast when it is full buffet Only tea is served, you even have to do your own toast",Date of stay: July 2016,2.0
1306,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1305-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Very average,"Very old building, carpets in halls very shabby, near replaced. Very tired look!!! Musty smell throughout halls. Rooms clean though. Noisy traffic area throughout night. Value for money only because a Last Minute deal for me!  ",Date of stay: July 2016,2.0
1307,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1305-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Disappointing,"I came to stay at the hotel with some friends after purchasing through a secret hotels site. We were really excited when we found out it was a Hilton, when walking through the entrance, it looked beautiful BUT we could not be more wrong with our initial excitement. Firstly, it was really hot! The air cooling system does not cool the room down and we could not have the window open due to the excessive noise! The beds were really uncomfortable and they have used a mattress topper instead of replacing the obviously warn out mattress. The décor is dated and there was stains on the bathroom floor. The bathroom sink was blocked to the point where I had to brush my teeth over the bath!! The only saving glory was the breakfast, to die for! It was an amazing spread and so much choice",Date of stay: June 2016,2.0
1308,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1305-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Short Stay,"Much improved on a couple of years back. Some furnishing a bit dated, but if you're not planning on spending time in the hotel, it's not an issue. Breakfast much improved. Easy access to buses, trains and Kensington. Walking distance of Westfield shopping centre and Olympia.",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
1309,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1305-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Old-fashioned but comfortable,"A bit of a sixties rabbit warren but the hotel is in a good location, well-maintained and comfortable. Breakfast buffet good but quite small service area so can be crowded. Parking prohibitively expensive!",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
1310,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1310-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Treated very poorly,"As soon as we walked in to check in, the women at the front desk was very disrespectful to us and acted as though we were unintelligent.  We had booked with my parents points, and she rudely explained we could not receive the benefits of being a Hilton member. This would not have been an issue if she had treated me nicely. She then was extremely rude to my stepdad on the phone, causing him to rethink being a Hilton member. The room and everything else was fine other than the room only having one outlet.",Date of stay: June 2016,1.0
1311,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1310-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Hard to believe it's a Hilton,"Fairly inexpensive by London standards. But run down, no thought given to room comfort - lighting, plumbing below par. Dark patterned carpets and wall giving gloomy impression. Suspicious black marks in the bath. Shower underpowered and only a trickle of water from the taps. Just a miserable experience. Fairly central by London standards but not near an underground station.",Date of stay: July 2016,2.0
1312,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1310-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,A little tired but good location for Olympia,"Stayed in this hotel for 5 nights in late June 2016 as attending a trade event at Olympia. Location was great, only 5 minute walk to Olymplia hence why I booked this hotel. Rooms are a little dated and musty smelling but generally ok. Food in the restaurant was excellent, a little expensive but quality was very good. Hotel also had a Costa Coffee so great for early morning breakfast.   Will use this hotel again",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
1313,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1310-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,business trip,Went here on a business trip and the staff were wonderful as was the food. I thought it was very clean and although there were some stains on the carpet in the function room all in all  I think its is a great hotel. Easy transport links and clean and comfortable. One of the sets of toilets had some problems and it was immediately sorted out by the reception staff. Well done to the excellent staff here.,Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
1314,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1310-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Nice value, friendly hotel, great club lounge","We stayed on the 7th floor in a corner room (726) since the TA reviews suggested requesting an upper floor, away from elevators, and away from the street. I emailed the hotel a few weeks beforehand and quickly received a reply that they could accommodate our request. We had an executive double room with access to the lounge which was great! They had a full breakfast and refreshments in the evening. The staff at the front desk were very friendly.  ",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
1315,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1315-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,A great experience,"Good location for Olympia easily accessible from public transport and tube, professional staff, pleasant modern bedrooms of a good size for London.  Food was good, a wide choice for breakfast, late night snacks available in bar until 11pm, which is great if you have been out all day.",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
1316,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1315-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Mrs.dade,Hilton Olympia is situated at a very convenient place/ at least for me. A few steps to the busses and  very easily reachable to High Street Kensington tube station with a few stops with a bus. Just across the corner is another bus stop-hop on no 49 and you may enjoy Westfield shopping center. The hotel is not big and fancy which I adore! The reception people and all others (cleaning personnel probably very amiable and I think mostly Polish) are truly nice and very professional. May recommend to buy breakfast vouchers fat the reception-cheaper than paying at the table. The breakfast is very very good-hot and cold  -a wide selection is offered. The rooms are at least standard ones are like most London hotels - not very spacey but totally OK if you spend your time out. Water boiler…,Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
1317,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1315-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Fine,"The Hilton London Olympia is noticeably tired. While the bed was comfortable, the room - and especially the bathroom - was ageing and looking quite cheap for the price of the paid. The corridors were also quite old and dusty. The location is extremely convenient to bus stops and the overground, but the nearest underground is a bit of a walk. Breakfast was excellent, and the Costa Coffee downstairs was handy, but overall you can get better value for money elsewhere if you're willing to hunt around.",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
1318,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1315-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Very disappointing,We booked this room for one night when attending a concert at Wembley. We were travelling as two couples. My friends seemed to have no problem however my husband and I were not so lucky. Were given the keys to our room and in spite of the fact that I had booked a double got given two singles. I went down to the front desk and had to explain twice(!) to the receptionist that the man with me was my husband and that I wanted to share a bed with him. I was told the best they could do was push the beds together. My friends ( a man and a woman)  were actually given an upgrade to a suite. Pushing the beds together worked ok but the gap between them made things a bit uncomfortable. The room itself was very tired and in need of  a good clean with mould and dust everywhere. The tv only…,Date of stay: April 2016,2.0
1319,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1315-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Good as opposed to very good ,"Stayed for one night business / pleasure in July.  Hotel a little tired in places and it's a fairly decent walk from closest tube stop.  We found our hotel on the 5th floor rather noisy, small and the bed was a little saggy!   That said, it was clean and comfortable.  We got a decent deal through lastminute.com so for the price we paid have no complaints. ",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
1320,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1320-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Not too bad,We stayed at this Hilton since I attended an Expo at Olympia.  The location was good but the hotel and room was just average.  The hotel lobby was snall and overcrowded.  Service was pretty good.  Overall not too bad.  ,Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
1321,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1320-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Helpful and friendly,"Had a really good time at the Hilton London Olympia. The concierge was really helpful in getting us maps, tours set and information on how to get around the town by bus to the destinations we were heading to .",Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
1322,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1320-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,OK for a Central London Hotel,"Booked in advance and paid £110 for 1 night for 2 people with breakfast.   Hotel was clean and comfortable, bed was huge and comfy too.   Minor point was that the height of the bathroom a bit low for a 6ft guy! Other than that the breakfast was nice a wide choice of food available. Staff were friendly and polite.   Rated 3 as room was basic and overall the hotel could do with some modernisation. ",Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
1323,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1320-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Birthday weekenf,"Stayed here for 1 night over a weekend. The room was nice on the 4th floor. Comfy double bed. The downside was the bathroom. The toilet flush made a VERY loud noise every time it flushed. The shower head leaked and my head touched the ceiling when I was stood in the shower, not great. My parter is 6 foot and didn't even bother as he had to crouch to get in there!  The breakfast was very nice, lots of choice and very fresh. The staff were lovely throughout or stay. Improve the bathrooms and it will be 5*!",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
1324,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1320-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Great hotel,Stayed whilst visiting  friends in London. Close to the overground & underground trains. Hotel very good. Good size comfortable beds. Quiet rooms even though busy road outside. Room was a little small for a deluxe suite but food enough. Good bathroom.   Used the exec lounge. Very good. Well worth the extra cost.  ,Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
1325,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1325-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Underwhelming,"Check in very efficient and friendly. Friendly concierge staff.   Room was fine, a little underwhelming and very very basic. Wouldn't recommend it if you are after something special.  Shocking exterior - does not fit with the area at all. It certainly improves on the inside.  All in all, very average stay, but perfectly fine if you are using it as somewhere to sleep as you sightsee London as the location is great.",Date of stay: May 2016,3.0
1326,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1325-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Staff and location  are key here,"This Hotel is by far not the best looking Hilton Hotel but the Reception,Bar, Service and Housekeeping Staff deserve A very high mention. In the end a great stay is made by the People that are serving you. The rooms are a bit dated but again well Looked after.",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
1327,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1325-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Wonderful stay,"Myself and my Fiancee came for a one night break (11th June 2016) as he is visiting me from South Africa for holiday and we opted for a romantic night away.  We were welcomed with lovely friendly staff and very helpfull, I requested for an early check in and when we arrived at 12pm ish, our room was ready.  They upgraded us to an deluxe room which was very nice and spacious, and I liked the decor.  To our suprise, later the evening, we received a lovely turndown treat, bottle of champagne and some nibbles which was a real treat.  I was very impressed with the Service, working in the Hotel industry myself, this is what you look at & all I can say keep on doing what you are doing, really good.   Thanks.   Nicola",Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
1328,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1325-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Not even close to Hilton standard,"At first, the reception had only one person to serve a queue of people. It took a long time to get tge room. Then the room had a pool of water on the carpet which I asked room service to dry during next day. Well they didn't and in the evenin the airconditioning started to make a weird buzzing sound leaking water from the ceiling to the carpet. Housekeeping came and asked to change my room so I go a smaller room instead.   I really thought that Hilton name and price would mean quality but for Nordic standards this was unbelievably bad experience.",Date of stay: June 2016,2.0
1329,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1325-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Just Right....,"Perfect hotel in the perfect location. Clean, tidy friendly staff, excellent room for the 3 of us, we were given a room on 7th floor with a huge queen size bed and a sofa bed which out daughter slept in which she said was really comfy. The hotel is located a couple of 100 yards from Olympia, and about a 10/15 minute walk to High Street kensington tube. Gorgeous high street with everything you need just outside the congestion charge. would recommend and we will be staying again.",Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
1330,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1330-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Not what I expected of a Hilton,"We had a one night stay here at the weekend. When we arrived (at nearly 6pm!) we found our rooms weren't ready so had to wait around in reception. Whilst we did receive an apology we weren't told about any of the amenities or where breakfast would be served etc. The room itself was very disappointing, it looked dated and needed some small refurbishments. The windows did not keep the noise out very well and the air con made an annoying noise every 30 seconds so we did not sleep well at all. The only plus was the breakfast, lots of choice and very fresh. However that does not make up for all the other faults. I would not stay at this particular Hilton again.",Date of stay: June 2016,2.0
1331,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1330-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Not up to Hilton standard,"Stayed here for one night . Staff at reception were great and the breakfast WA good. The bed was really uncomfortable, the rooms bed updating marks on walls etc, the location of room 849 was awful it appeared to be behind the service lift and very noisy with dragging sounds every half hour from 6pm - midnight then started again at 5am not good when you have meetings all day",Date of stay: June 2016,1.0
1332,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1330-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Disappointing ,"Travelled to an event in the Olympia recently. This hotel could not be better located, 2 min walk and only a few mins from tube so handy from all airports  Unfortunately I was disappointed that WiFi & breakfast were not standard with the rate I booked. As a hilton club member I was told I could pick up free WiFi but I could not pick up any signal in the room so I was unable to work on my laptop both before and after the event. For a business trip i found this very limiting. I didn't have time to complain as had little time around the event. Also found the traffic noise very loud all night. ",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
1333,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1330-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,London stopover,We had  2 night stay in this hotel after long international flights. Rooms were disappointing - small and in need of refurbishment. Service and breakfast were very good. Location was good for the bus and taxi but some distance to underground.,Date of stay: June 2016,3.0
1334,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1330-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Hilton Kensington Not Great At All,"This hotel need alot of help to remodel and upgrade its air conditioning/heating system. My room was leaking so i had to change. When you get off the elevator, you either have to step up additional steps (depending what direction your room is) and possibly walk in circles to find your room as the hotel has tried to squeeze so many rooms in a small setting. I'm sure some rooms are bigger. The conference hall was horrible that we had to spend days in. Bathrooms in the lobby, horrible with the smallest doors i've seen in a hotel. My room service tray was too small for the room door that it had to be brought in sideways. This hotel charges more per night and i'm sure you can find better until it gets upgraded.",Date of stay: June 2016,2.0
1335,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1335-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,A Great Stay,"Although this hotel is older, it has very spacious rooms that are very clean and has great beds. The bathroom is nice. Our checkiin was fantastic and checkout was efficient. Very good free wifi. We had a dinner in the first floor dining area which was ok but he service very poor. What I did not like that automatically a service charge of 20% was added but with the service we received I would not have tipped at all. This poor service was not reflected anywhere else in the hotel and we had a fabulous 4 night stay! Will definitely stay here again!",Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
1336,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1335-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Definitively not worth the price...,"I've spent 2 nights there win my wife, my son and his bestfriend.   The hotel is an old refurbished hotel in not the most attractive neighboroud. Not a lot to do nearby but we went there as I was attending a conference at the Olympia. It was also quite noisy during the night as I guess it must be close to a fire station.  My Son and his bestfriend were in the 229 Executive Room on the same floor as the Executive Lounge. Except the old window which wasn't very well closing the room was fine but quite basic  for the 240£ /night paid...  My wife and myself were in the 636 Executive Room on the 6th floor. This room is a slightly bigger room with an additional sofa in it. The room had quite q bad old humid smell with a carpet which didn't deserved too the price that we paid. 2 out of…",Date of stay: June 2016,2.0
1337,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1335-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Awful tired hotel ,"Dreadful, old hotel. Tiny room smelt if herrings. Bath was chipped and looked dirty. Cheap for London but definitely not what you'd expect from a Hilton. Not a great location either. I'm from London so could manage to find my way around, but too far from the centre or tube. ",Date of stay: June 2016,2.0
1338,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1335-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Great ocation and nice hotel!,"One of the great things about this hotel was how close it was to the Olympia Exhibition Center, you walk out the door of the hotel, turn right and walk one block and you're there! My travel companion was attending a show at the Olympia Center while I traipse around London. The bus stop, depending on the direction you were going, is either across the street from the Hilton or 1/2 a block away. The metro about 4 blocks from the Hilton.   The size of the room, the bed, and the bathroom were great. I liked that the hotel provided a tea kettle, tea and/or coffee, and two cookies or biscuits for you to have with your hot drink. The staff were great especially the young lady in the business office. If you're a member of their rewards program internet is free!  Breakfast was good, just…",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
1339,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1335-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,2 night stay,"I stayed here for 2 nights before my Trafalgar Tour started.  The room was small probably b/c it was a single room but it was a good room. Staff was friendly, but more direction from the concierge about excursions would have been helpful (Big Bus tour, etc) and I would have liked to know that city buses do not take cash!  Food at hotel lobby bar was good along with breakfast although the day our tour started food ran out for breakfast and no one seemed to care, not good customer service at all!  This hotel is approx. a 20 min walk to the double decker bus stops which wasn't ideal",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
1340,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1340-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Very nice staff,"Although my hotel room was not ready for me even with guaranteed late check in (I arrived at 8am) the staff was wonderful, made sure I had breakfast and got my room as quickly as they could. Rooms are clean, small but nice. The access to buses is great, Hammersmith and Kensington Station are quick bus rides away. Oyster cards are available in the gift shop. Also close to Kensington Olympia station but that is a bit less connected. Breakfast was wonderful and so is the lounge. I would stay again",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
1341,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1340-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Not as nice as expected.,"Was dissapointed in treatment at desk.  Arrived early and was told room not ready dispute diamond level.   Room was outdated, dirty, with a  noisy daycare center below. Beds were miserable, two saggy twins!  Manger less than friendly.  Upon complaint we got an upgraded room on the other side of the building. Somewhat nicer but still below standards.  Lobby was lovely, and consierge lounge was wonderful, the high point of our stay...friendly staff and lovely wine and food.  On our last day both elevators were out of service.",Date of stay: March 2016,3.0
1342,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1340-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Ideal location,"Big comfy beds and very helpful staff, within stumbling distance of the London Olympia, but a bit of a walk to the nearest tube station (Shepherds Bush was easiest for us) but not too far to walk into Kensington.",Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
1343,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1340-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,4 star?,"The only reason this hotel is getting 2 out of 5 is this. We arrived at around noon. The check in time is 3 pm. I was hoping we could just store our luggage and come back at 3 to check in. However, the lady at the check in counter said it was ok and we got the room right away. The staff are great, service at the hotel´s restaurant is impeccable. However, the hotel is outdated. It badly needs renovations. The room we stayed in was badly cleaned, not sure it was vacuum cleaned at all. I have dust allergies and I reacted to all the dust in the room. The walls are paper thin. I got woken up at 0730 in the morning by cleaning staff jabbering out in the hallway. And yes, I was on holiday and wanted to sleep in. Proximity to different attractions is ok. There is an overground station…",Date of stay: June 2016,2.0
1344,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1340-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Hilton?,Not much of the Hilton experience here - very small room with view on air condition units - bath tube on the grimy side - fairly long wait for a space in the breakfast room - all that for a fair amount of money - all in all I won't come again. Reception staff very friendly however.,Date of stay: June 2016,2.0
1345,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1345-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Three day stay,"So, the positive things first. TERRIFIC service in the restaurant!! That made the entire staying okey! Except from some fairly new waiters, the service from the manager and one ""old girl"" was untarnished! We had prawns for starters and a cod-risotto for main course. (But you'd preferably pick out your wine yourself..). I got to taste every single white wine to match my cod (!). And we got the water on the house (since I had to ask for it twice before it entered our table). They listened and were very communicative. Was met by some GREAT service! Thank you! But the hotel itself... It's worn down, thin-walled (both to the corridor and to the outside; there's a kindergarten in the backyard, echoing the kids laughter/cries). At last, the fridge is broken and so is part of the…",Date of stay: June 2016,2.0
1346,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1345-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Staff very good,"This hotel is dated. First room smelled of damp, though once a rang reception I was moved quickly. Ignacio ( I Apologise if this is not correct spelling!)at reception was great for both my check in and resolving my issue.  The bed was a bit springy and noisy when you moved, but over all ok. Breakfast was good with plenty of choices.",Date of stay: June 2016,3.0
1347,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1345-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Great Hotel,"I stayed here for one night with family as we were going to a concert at the Royal Albert Hall , the rooms were fine not at all dated . When we came back quite late we were able to have a couple of cocktails in the bar, the full English breakfast was very good.  it is perfectly situated for the Tube station also we fancied a walk this morning so had a stroll down the Kensington Palace , we were able to leave our over night bags at the Hotel with no charge.",Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
1348,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1345-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,REVIEW OF HILTON LONDON OLYMPIA JUNE 12 -17,I am used to various Hilton \hotels. I was not impressed with the look of the hotel. It looked run down. The Reception area was not good enough. It is difficult to get out of a taxi at this hotel.  The rooms look rather old.  The hotel can do with some serious refurbishment.  But the service and food was ok,Date of stay: June 2016,3.0
1349,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1345-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Business trip,"I had to attend a conference at the nearby Olympia so the location could not be beat! Great executive lounge with a good mix of snacks and drinks and the hotel overall had fantastic staff. I would return again, especially with my hhonours points adding up. ",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
1350,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1350-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Convenience over comfort,"I have stayed here a few times now as location wise it is very convenient off the M4 and has a car park.   However, this hotel is not to the standards that you would assume from the Hilton group. It needs some renovation, the rooms are very tired and old.   The staff are great and service can't be faulted but I can't see anything here that you can't get from a premier inn.   I'm sure I will visit again at some point but will try and seek alternatives. ",Date of stay: June 2016,3.0
1351,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1350-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Meets your needs for a short stay,"Stayed here during an exhibition at Olympia. The hotel is conveniently located as the public areas are in a reasonable condition. The staff are great and always ready to help, although at times they seemed to be a little short of numbers meaning they were  very busy.  The food was pretty good value and the menu is reasonably varied with good offers if you combine with a breakfast package. The only thing that's lets the place down a little is the bedrooms. Mine was in the lower ground, meaning it was a bit dark. Being next to a main road, which is one of the benefits for location, also means you have the trade off with it being a little noisy. You can also hear people in the rooms around and above you, whether it's closing doors, going to the loo or running taps, it doe result in…",None,4.0
1352,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1350-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"""A"" for effort","Purposely bypassing comment on the price of the place (London prices are inescapable), I am making the point of emphasizing the effort taken to try to make our stay as comfortable as possible, effort undertaken by most of the staff under the explicit direction of an admittedly outstanding operations manager, Mr. Riaan.  Based on this gentleman's vigilance after some initial snafus of one rude reception employee, an argumentative housekeeping manager, as well as some recurring cleanliness issues in some of the rooms, we ended up getting the red carpet treatment for what turned into 6 days in London.  Thus, I don't think it will be useful or kind to go into much further detail about specifics, mainly because, based on what I found to be an unparalleled professional demeanor on the…",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
1353,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1350-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Badly aged,"I've booked and paid a suite as we were using the lounge for meetings during Infosec. When I came into the room I was remembered of my grandmas flat in the 70s, same design and same bad smell. Opening the windows didn't help. The bed was old and worn out. The street was noisy and I thought a window was open but it wasn't the case, it was just badly insulated. Next year I'll make sure that we get a meeting room elsewhere and stay in a nice hotel. Complete nightmare.",Date of stay: June 2016,1.0
1354,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1350-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Fairly basic business hotel...,"...but still your best bet if going for example to a conference in Olympia. Looks ok, service is good, breakfast is decent etc. but for the price I would have expected a bit more. Maybe closer to a 3+ star than a 4-star. Wifi was second rate, slow and signal drops, at least in my room on the 5th floor. But as I said, the location near Olympia is perfect, and the service was very good.",Date of stay: June 2016,3.0
1355,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1355-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Great location, fantastic staff, basic accommodation",The location of the Hotel is great and is walking distance from many of London's best attractions. The staff were also very helpful and friendly. The only downside was the bedroom (608) since the bathroom and room needed updating (Could do with walk-in shower and plugs by the bed) and the floorlamp didn't work.,Date of stay: June 2016,3.0
1356,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1355-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Not so fancy looking from the outside but lovely on the inside ,"The staff in the hotel could not have been any nicer if they tried(especially the breakfast staff). Stayed here for 4 days with my boyfriend on a short break to London at Easter. The hotel from the outside doesn't look very impressive however as soon as you walk through the doors it's a different story all together! Nice sized rooms, kept immaculate by the staff. Breakfast was amazing (Nutella muffins yum!), location was good only a few minutes walk to the nearest tube station. Would definitely stay here again. Only suggestion would be have the exec lounge serving drinks till slightly later as 8pm on the weekend isn't exactly ideal. Apart from that had a great stay! ",Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
1357,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1355-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Excellent service.,Breakfast is exceptional.  The quality of breakfast food is very good and the service is outstanding.  I would go as far as to say  the service at breakfast is the best I have ever received in 25+ years of worldwide travel.  Well done.,Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
1358,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1355-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Just because its close to Olympia is now excuse - poor hotel,I think because it is so close to Olympia the hotel feels it does not have to try.   Check in took an age.  They did not recognise my Hilton Gold status despite showing them the loyalty card so I had to complain (though git nothing from doing it).  The room was horrible (when asked if I could move I was told the room was full).  The windows were white washed so you couldnt see out - when you opened the window you realised why - looked at a wall and some waste bins.  The room had a constant drone of a generator running.  It was hot.  There was a smell constantly. It was old and not that clean.  The bath was chipped and overall in a poor state of repair.  The shower only just had enough pressure to wash under.  The bar was expensive and the breakfast was very average with poor…,Date of stay: June 2016,1.0
1359,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1355-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Overnight stay,"Stayed here for the Friday night of Queens birthday weekend. Rooms are clean and up to usual Hilton standard.  It is slightly outside central London but taking buses you can reach Earl's Court and Hyde Park. Breakfast was perfect, had a great choice. The staff are so helpful and polite, we would return.",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
1360,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1360-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Wouldn't recommend other Tha proximity to Olympia,"Very poor quality hotel. Gloomy, smelly (damp) run down room. No hot water in the sink. Low ceiling on the shower...i am 5'5"" and my head almost touched the ceiling! So noisy outside not helped by the copious, rude smokers clogging up the entrance to the hotel. Over priced drinks on the bar and very poor service.",Date of stay: June 2016,1.0
1361,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1360-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Comfortable and adequate,"Clean room,quiet because we had a room at the back, sadly overlooking the bin area. Not a great view in the morning. The room was a pretty small room for a double but adequate. Clean, slightly tired decor. Breakfast was excellent. All in all it was pretty good but not enough to entice me back again.",Date of stay: May 2016,3.0
1362,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1360-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,A Surprise based on other reviews,"We stayed at this Hilton because it was the starting and ending point of our tour of United Kingdom so we came in a day early with some hesitation based on other reviews on Tripadvisor. We were pleasantly surprised. We did not experience any problems mentioned in other reviews. All 3 elevators worked the whole 4 days we were there. Our room, bathroom, furnishings, and hotel were all topnotch. The towels were very good. We did not experience any thing that would suggest that it was worn out and needed replacement. The heat/AC worked well. Unfortunately, we had to use both  The staff and service were very good. We checked in 2 different times and registered quickly. Since this was our first time in London the concierges were extremely helpful. The buffet breakfast was great. There…",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
1363,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1360-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,not great,"well, we stayed here to have a few days in London, the room was okay, clean, very little tea and coffee, the bath had paint splashes in it and was not nice, my daughter had hurt her foot and wanted to soak her foot, it was horrid in the bath, we managed to scrape off some of the paint, but still.  The next morning we were going to the Ritz for tea, we were getting ready and there was only one towel, we had to get another one, we were a bit disappointed with the room, it was also too hot, we could not open a window and the air con was not working, we were both very hot all night",Date of stay: May 2016,3.0
1364,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1360-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Very helpful staff,We booked our stay via an online voucher website. On arrival there was no record of our reservation.  The staff were extremely professional and very understanding and ensured us that everything would be OK when we thought that we would not be able to stay.  In the end our stay was fantastic,Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
1365,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1365-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Bank holiday weekend break,"Really nice hotel! Very modern look, very friendly and helpful staff. It's in a great location, not far from several underground stations. Kensington is a lovely part of London, there's lots of nice restaurants nearby and pubs! Pizza express is a 30 seconds walk away if you don't want to break the bank for a meal but there are also some other really nice but more expensive places around if you fancy! Hand and Flower pub is great pub across the road, very nice staff, modern place where you can watch sport on BT Sport! There's also a Costa attached to the hotel which is very convenient. Room services did look a bit expensive which is why we eat out a lot, you get to experience more then as well! Holland Park is a great place to go for a walk, especially if the weather is nice.",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
1366,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1365-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Brilliant breakfast, comfy beds","Stayed here last weekend and enjoyed two comfortable nights in a nice room. The breakfast area was small but perfect, with a nice selection of quality food.   The interior was stylish and comfortable and staff were friendly and helpful.  The location was a bit of a nightmare is you like to travel by tube but I soon learned how easy the London buses are for navigating the city! Drinks were expensive but you expect nothing less from London where absolutely everything is a ridiculous price! ",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
1367,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1365-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Great location but needs an upgrade,"As an event manager I had to stay at this hotel in order to run the conference in their facilities and to be close to our other venue; Olympia London.  The Hilton Olympia is never my first choice for this as it is very expensive for what you get; the rooms are very small (even though I got an upgrade) and the decor is very dated and old fashioned. I stayed for a week and after day 3 had to ask for a new flannel as for some reason mine was never replaced.  Due to the close proximity to a train station it wasn't the most peaceful of places, however the location is excellent for what I needed with access to Westfields (2 minutes on the train) and to Olympia Exhibition Centre (3 minute walk).  The bar service was so slow on Tuesday night, most of us gave up and left.   The breakfast…",Date of stay: June 2016,3.0
1368,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1365-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Excellent Value,Had a wonderful experience at this hotel. Everything about it was great. The staff were extremely helpful and friendly and made us feel at home from the moment we arrived. The room was extremely comfortable and the breakfast was brilliant. I would definitely recommend this hotel as super value for money,Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
1369,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1365-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Good location but room renovation needed,It is ideal place for an Olympia convention and as such you are ready to pay a premium but not for such outdated rooms and corridors. The decoration is like 20 years+ and the furniture as well. Professional staff and services.,Date of stay: May 2016,3.0
1370,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1370-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Great stay,"The room was very quite and the bed was very comfy. I would recommend this hotel while staying in London. The hotel is very close to the train station, minutes to Central London as well lots and lots of food places!",Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
1371,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1370-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Convenient and friendly!,I stayed here with my family from the 13th to the 19th of May 2016 and again between the 24th and 27th of May 2016 The location is fantastic for those who want to experience the best residential neighborhood of London. Walking distance to Holland Park and close by Hyde Park. Some of the best Gastro pubs and fine dining restaurants are all nearby. Plenty of coffee shops and grocery stores in walking distance. The advantage of staying in the high street. The staff at the hotel were very professional and kind. The rooms were very clean and nice. I would expect nothing less from a Hilton. The staff at the executive lounge where we had out breakfast everyday were just amazing people and took such good care of us! Loved the stay! Also I used uber and the black Cabs. So easy to get one…,Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
1372,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1370-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Very old hotel,This hotel is a rip off! No one to pick your luggage. Almost one hour to register. Fire doors almost impossible to open when you have two luggages in your hand. Rooms ar horrible. Dirty bathroom. Noisy rooms. Ugly hotel and very old. Impossible to be a 4 stars!  Management should compare world standards before putting a 4 star to this hotel! ,Date of stay: May 2016,1.0
1373,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1370-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Fabulous hotel,"We loved it here. The suite was spacious by usual standards, the facilities were generous and classy. the views were above average in my experience. The atmosphere was first class. We felt very well looked after. The bus to central London was right outside.",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
1374,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1370-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Great Hotel and Location,"I was slightly concerned by some of the reviews on here but I'm pleased to say that our experience of this hotel was great. At first we thought the tube stations were a bit of a walk, but once we used the numbers 9 & 10 buses it was an ideal location. They stop right outside the hotel and we used them to go to and from High Street Kensington Station or straight into Knightsbridge.   We had a standard room which was plenty big enough and well presented. It was at the front of the hotel and we weren't bothered by traffic noise at all. All of the staff there were extremely friendly and helpful. Breakfast had everything you could possibly want.   We will definitely stay here again. ",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
1375,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1375-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Good value, comfortable and great breakfast.","Managed to get a lastminute.com Secret Hotel deal for this hotel whilst we visited the Chelsea Flower Show.  The deal included breakfast.  When we arrived to check-in, everything was in order and the whole process took a couple of minutes and we were met with friendly smiles.  Whilst we would have preferred a double as opposed to a twin we weren't too bothered as it was only for a couple of nights.  The room was very comfortable and the bathroom was spotless and the towels were very large and fluffy.  Complementary bottles of water were provided and there was an excellent selection of tea and coffee with a decent sized kettle and good sized mugs.  We had a large, good quality TV in the room as well.  We both slept very well in the room for both nights.  The breakfast in this…",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
1376,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1375-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Travel with Tour Group,"My experience was very good with this hotel.  We were told that the rooms were extremely small; however, I was fortunate to have a nice size room with an ample sitting area.  The staff was great and quite friendly.  Food was very good.",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
1377,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1375-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Very convenient hotel near Olympia.,Very convenient hotel near Olympia. We stay at this hotel every year when we exhibit at Olympia. Very good staff and good restaurant. Stay every year for many years. Highly recommend this hotel.  Good price and nice rooms. 😀😀😀,Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
1378,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1375-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Comfortable but noisy,"I had to stay in London on business and needed to be up early the next morning for a business meeting at 6:30am. The room has not over looking the main Kensington high street, but the noise from the vehicles revving and do fast starts at the traffic lights made sleeping difficult. The room was clean and comfortable. The fitness centre was not that big. ",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
1379,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1375-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Long night,"Upgraded to deluxe King room. I'd hate to see the standard room.  Traffic noise on 4th floor at the front was terrible as the windows are not airtight or soundproofed.  The shower in the bath was situated so that the ceiling was 6ft from the base of the bath. If you are 6ft or over, you can't stand up in the shower without bending your neck. ",Date of stay: May 2016,2.0
1380,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1380-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Clean, comfortable and friendly staff","If you're the kind of traveler that needs to be directly next to the attractions, this isn't the hotel for you.   However, if you're comfortable using public transportation, and are looking for a nice hotel at a fair price, this is a great option. We did walk to Hyde Park/Kensington Palace, but used the tube to get to most other locations.   We were travelling for our anniversary, and the hotel sent us a lovely charcuterie and bottle of sparkling wine, which was a nice touch.   The staff were incredibly helpful, the wi-fi was good, and our room was clean and well laid-out. No complaints.",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
1381,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1380-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Good value for money,"Good value for money. The location was great with good bus and underground connections. A safe area for walking as well. The hotel is older and the bathroom could do with renovating, but it was clean. However London is a VERY expensive city for restaurant meals, whether in a hotel or restaurant. I highly recommend including the breakfast buffet with your booking.",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
1382,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1380-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Great stay with great staff,Arrived and was upgraded to a suite loverly staff very helpful as it was my birthday came back to room to find prossecco and macaroons and a loverly cake what a loverly surprise will deffo stay again breakfast just great so much to eat and staff always checking you had enough to eat and drink ,Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
1383,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1380-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Comfortable hotel in great location,"Was a bit aprenhensive about this hotel having read so of the previous reviews, but was pleasantly surprised. Stayed for three nights and requested a room to back of hotel, so while we had no view and our room lacked natural light, we had a really comfortable stay. Room was clean, bed was so comfortable and while the room itself was small, this is to be expected in London. Have to compliment the staff, each and every one of them were extremely friendly and helpful. The only downside to this hotel is the wifi! It's next to useless.....",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
1384,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1380-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Business Trip,"A midweek stay needing decent transport links into Different parts of London. This ticked those boxes with bus, tube and overland all within maximum 10 mins walk. It is corporate and a little dated in the bedrooms and bathroom but for a night was perfectly adequate. Check in and check out was efficient which is important as can cause delay in a morning.  Main positive was the quality and variety of the breakfast despite being exceptionally busy.  Would stay again  ",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
1385,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1385-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Tired hotel, great location","The lobby and bar areas of this hotel are modern and very stylish but the rest of the hotel feels very tired and in much need of a facelift.  The rooms are perfectly functional just a bit boring, there's no identity and nothing to get excited about. Complimentary water + tea and coffee making facilities were all available  Breakfast was excellent, particularly the Nutella muffins, but in general the spread was good and well replenished  Location is good, just on the edge of High Street Kensington so a short walk from good shops, bars, restaurants, attractions and tube stops",Date of stay: May 2016,3.0
1386,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1385-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Tired rooms and extortionate car parking,"The outside of the hotel is in poor condition and looks very tired, the unfortunately continued into the car parking area, which considering the price of parking should be much nicer.  When you get to reception and the common areas it's actually rather nice and feels a bit more 'Hilton'.  The room we had wasn't the most expensive to be fair, however it still wasn't cheap and was still a room at the Hilton.  Unfortunately the Hilton standards and brand seem to have really taken a knock since the good old days 15-20 years ago; in fact I think it was double that time since our room had been decorated, it was awful and very tired.  So generally you may have gathered I wasn't happy, but here are a couple of pointers to help you decide or tales at save on parking:-  1/ If you are used…",Date of stay: May 2016,2.0
1387,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1385-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,One Night Pleasant Stay,"Hotel room is clean, staffs are friendly and i enjoyed my stay.  Breakfast was a great experience with varieties of food & drinks, truly appreciated.  Will definitely come back again whenever i decided to stay back in Olympia, London.",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
1388,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1385-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,50th Birthday Surprise,"We arrived at the Hilton Olympia on Friday 20th May 2016 for a friends 50th birthday surprise  weekend, with two other couples. After reading the hotel reviews prior to our trip, I was not really looking forward to the stay. I must say, that on check in, the Hotel staff were polite and very friendly. We were all upgraded to a executive double suit. The bedroom décor was lovely and the room clean and spacious. The breakfast, wow there was so much food choice, you would not be disappointed. The breakfast staff  were polite and very helpful, they could not do enough for us. It was an absolute pleasure to stay at this hotel.  We could not fault one member of staff. We would definitely return.",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
1389,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1385-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Decent Hilton at good rates,1) Large nice rooms with view on street and park surrounding. 2) It has a gym 3.) TV has no Arabic channels 4) No halal food options 5) Windows insufficiently insulated hence very loud. 6) Beds are decent and stable. 7) Location wise it is a bit far off from Kensington area. 8) Hotel was prepaid for me and there were no issues at all at reception. Hence excellent service.,Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
1390,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1390-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Slightly tired but reasonably priced.,"We stayed here for a long weekend, booked via last minute secret deals, so a good price. It is not that convenient for the underground as it is a good 10 minute walk from Kensington High Street, but the number 10 bus is almost on the door step and goes straight to Oxford St (or Kings Cross) with the advantage of great views of the sights on the way.   Some of the hotel is a little tired, our room had a fan but no air con, which is not great in a warm spell. Our son had air con in a newer looking room. Beware that some rooms are a long walk from the lifts, so check this if walking isn't easy for you.   A costa on site is handy for breakfast. We didn't use the restaurant at all. Wifi is slow....",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
1391,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1390-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Very average hotel; not 4 star standard,"Good location for transport; bus routes and Kensington Olympia overground station right around the corner. Tube stations (West Kensington & Barons Court that we used)both easy 10-15min walk away. The hotel itself lobby and bar area looked OK.   Service at reception was somewhat not concerned about customers and enjoyment of their stay. We asked to change rooms as traveling with a friend and were initially given a room with a double bed. We were a little annoyed to have been sent to a double room without reception checking with us on arrival if we would prefer a twin (requested on booking)or double... We called back down to the reception who stored our luggage with concierge until a twin became available so we could go out, which was fine. On our return early evening there was…",Date of stay: May 2016,3.0
1392,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1390-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,If only all hotel experiences where like this....,Stayed for 2 nights and was immediately struck by warm welcome from all the staff. Attentive service and great rooms. Breakfast fabulous and the bar was very good with some nice touches.  For the price we paid would definitely stay her again. The number 9 bus was right outside the door and got us to central London in 20 minutes for £1.50 oyster charge The staff are a credit to the Hilton organisation. ,Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
1393,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1390-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Good service, bad internet",Hotel has a good location next to Olympia exhibition centre. The rooms are dated but service is good. Internet is below standards and should be fixed!!! It is a business hotel and should have the facilities for a Hilton business hotel!!,Date of stay: April 2016,3.0
1394,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1390-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Very disappointing,"Small room, smelly, dated furnishings and worn bathroom. Left the window open for the whole stay and almost gotten rid of the smell. Reception staff un helpful although polite - restaurant manager rude and inappropriate with no customer service. Food was nice. Wouldn't go back even though location is very good",Date of stay: April 2016,1.0
1395,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1395-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Great location, great staff.",Good sized twin room. Very comfortable bed and a good sized bathroom.  The breakfast was fantastic. Very pleasant dining room.  Staff could not have been more helpful.  location.   Easy access to Olympia. I would thoroughly recommend this hotel for a stay near Olympia.,Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
1396,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1395-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Good for a short stay,"if your looking for a short stay hotel within walking distance of busy local areas this is a good hotel to choose, 10 to 15 mins walk to the tube, rooms fairly small but probably typical of london hotels",Date of stay: May 2016,3.0
1397,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1395-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Very good hotel,Service excellent  and well positioned for buses into London Breakfast choice very god and Executive lounge spacious  Trafffic noise in morning quite loud if that bothers  anyone - it did not bother me   good value all round,Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
1398,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1395-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,One night in Olympia,"Decent hotel. Good for short stay as needed to go to Olympia centre.   Hotel rather dated in the rooms - should be up to date quality as the entrance and lobby is. Room quite small compared to similar hotels on area, and more expensive for the room size  Beds comfortable though. Good sleep.   Hotel close to loads of amenities ",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
1399,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1395-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,One of my favourites ,"This hilton hotel is one of my favourite Hiltons i have stayed at. The hotel and room were nice and modern. The bed was one of the most comfortable i have slept on in any hotel.  It was only a short 5/10 minute from the nearest tube station and was quite simple to find. Kensington olympia station makes exploring London from the hilton olympia very accessible, so ideal for sightseeing in London.   Would definitely stay here again!",Date of stay: September 2015,5.0
1400,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1400-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Good accomodations,"The location of this hotel is incredible. It is accessible and convenient to virtually all tourist landmarks in London. The staff was very welcoming and courteous. It has a full bar and restaurant. The rooms are cozy but the beds are little thin, so you may feel the bottom of it. When you check in, I recommend that you ask the front desk for an inside room away from the busy street, it is more quiet. You'll thank me later. ",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
1401,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1400-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Good location and nice hotel,"After a slight hitch on arrival which was quickly sorted out by reception staff our room was nice, quite big and clean although the rooms could do with better double glazing as the traffic noise is very loud. Two guys turned up outside at 2 am to relay paving slabs outside using a circular saw and large hammers and the noise woke us on the 5th floor!  Breakfast very good and this hotel is very convenient for lots of attractions including science museum, V & A, natural history museum all within walking distance, the Albert Hall close by and good bus service to central London. Kensington high street has all you need in terms of restaurants and shops and Holland Park is near and very nice to wander round.  Hotel staff very helpful and attentive.",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
1402,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1400-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Great hotel, right next to the Olympia","Great hotel, free disabled parking, lovely bar with a great atmosphere. Hotel was within a two minute walk from the Olympia which was just right for us. The only downside was that, as the hotel was completely full there was a 15 minute wait to get seated for breakfast. Apart fro that it was just right.",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
1403,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1400-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Can be a good deal,"I got a very good price on this hotel and was more than satisfied with my stay of 2 nights. My room overlooked the main road and suffered a little from traffic noise, but thanks to the very comfortable king size bed I got a very good night's sleep.  It was a warm couple of days in London, but the temperature of the room was good without recourse to heating or air-con (which I have to turn off at night as the noise stops me sleeping).  Overall the room and and bathroom were fresh and clean and I found nothing to complain about in that respect.  The Hilton's standard computerised mini-bar now seems rather dated and mean, and it wasn't clear whether the two bottles of mineral water not in the fridge were complimentary or not (I decided not to risk it!). The charge for wifi is also…",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
1404,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1400-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Great location for Olympia,Recently exhibited at Olympia hence my stay at This Hilton. Room rate in line with London prices. Staff helpful. Busy hotel. Didn't avail of restaurant - too busy. Room very nice. Requested quiet room. No complaints. Highly recommend this hotel for business purposes and excellent location for Olympia expo centre. Also overland train on doorstep.,Date of stay: September 2015,4.0
1405,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1405-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Hilton olympia,Stayed here recently and the service was first class. The restaurant staff were excellent and recommended great food and drink choices. Receptionist went the extra mile to assist. Rooms are clean and very comfortable. Will stay again.,Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
1406,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1405-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Good location,Initial room small . Bathroom had a rust like stain coming from tap. Air conditioning did not work and had to be left off over night after vent was unscrewed and dust fell everywhere to turn it off manually! Lock on door closed but double lock didn't work. The room was clean but noisy from traffic. Complained the next morning and we were upgraded to an executive room. This was clean and quieter. I wouldn't think it was worth executive room rates. It was a good 3 star quality. The second room directory said free breakfast but when we tried we were told the upgrade was room only. Think in the circumstances they should have included breakfast. This trip was to help my friend recover from a serious illness and what we thought would be a treat in a 4 star hotel fell well short of…,Date of stay: May 2016,3.0
1407,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1405-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"A bit tired, still perfect for business ",The hotel rooms are a bit tired especially doors and getting to the room is as challenging as finishing a way out of a maze... Still the lounge and bar are very fresh and nice and the location is perfect for those working in the Olympia conference Centre. ,Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
1408,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1405-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Good location, average hotel","Can't fault the location. Ideal for anyone attending an event at the Olympia, right near to the train station too with good links.   Hotel itself is okay, nice hotel lobby and a Costa built in next door. Nice large bar area.   Rooms are a little disappointing, very small and very warm!   Breakfast is quite expensive at £20, and its not all that impressive either.   Good hotel for location, average for everything else.",Date of stay: May 2016,3.0
1409,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1405-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Location, but need much more","The location was very convenient, 15 minutes walk to Hyde Park and 25 to Harrods. adjacent to Costa cafe. easy transportation. As for the service, not much too impressed. They made a mistake and double charged my credit card after I paid online. the beds made noises maybe due to old box springs. The doors on all the rooms did not have special hotel door hinges which slow down the slamming of doors, so you will be able to hear every guest neighbor as the enter and exit the rooms at any time of days and nights. Generally the rate was affordable compared to other extremely high rates London hotels.",Date of stay: May 2016,3.0
1410,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1410-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,A comfy home in Kensington,"Been coming here for years for business and pleasure.  Very helpful staff, nothing too much trouble.  Excellent service and rooms.  Will always try and stay here when I'm in London as I have never had a bad experience here!",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
1411,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1410-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Restful stay,"My experience from my check-in to departure was pleasant. I was accommodated with my choice or room and the bedding is extremely comfortable, which for a seasoned traveler is a must. Any issues I might encounter are addressed with promptness.",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
1412,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1410-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Good hotel in a convenient location,"Stayed for one night on business, the Hilton is conveniently located for Olympia. The interior is smart in the current retro theme and the check in process was swift and painless. Free in-room wifi was offered if you signed up for the membership scheme and surprise surprise, it worked well and was reasonably fast. Breakfast and lunch were of good qualiy and the friendly concierge provided us with a good recommendation for an evening meal. Only thing to point out is that its a low-rise building and rooms on the front tend to suffer from street noise. In all other respects, a nice hotel in a good location for business or sight seeing.",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
1413,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1410-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,ok but woken very early,Hotel is fine but they have noisy deliveries very early in the morning and I have also been woken up by loud emptying of the bins. Not a recipe for a restful stay. Surely these could be scheduled at times that do not disturb the guests.,Date of stay: May 2016,3.0
1414,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1410-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Quite Hotel,"During a business trip I stayed in Olympia Hilton Hotel High street kensington London in May 2016 for 3 nights, it was quite, clean, good breakfast, very well located and nice staff, the room was little bit small but ennogh to sleep and rest well,",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
1415,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1415-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Good location. Compared to Hiltons in USA it is a 3,Maybe in London this is a nice hotel and room. But compared to the dozens of Hiltons I have stayed at within USA it would be ranked very low.    Single rooms have twin beds. Most of the rooms the beds are so hard. The carpets are gross  Thankfully the bedding is clean although I have feather allergy clearly marked in my profile I have to wait every time for them to come and take the down pillows and duvet out.  Frustrating  The concierge and most of restaurant staff are great.  Hit or miss on front desk. Some have acted so put out that I require feathers removed from room you would think I asked for the moon.   Thankfully they started putting me in a room with window that I can open for fresh air  No ice machine or fridge you can use. Only mini bar that doesn't allow you to put…,Date of stay: April 2016,3.0
1416,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1415-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Don't stay here,"First there are some good points: -staff are friendly and helpful -decent shower pressure - unusual in British hotels (really very good,  pressure was up to German standards).  But that is it for good stuff, now the bad bits: -air con in room does not work. I asked for this to be fixed and nothing happened -room noise from the street too much, even with the windows shut. Opening them to fix the air con is meant sleep not possible - needs decent windows fitting, plenty of hotels in other cities manage this basic feature. -long queue for breakfast, even though there is space. This is because the hotel wants to take payment before you sit down. Ridiculous. Most restaurants and hotels sit you down straight away and then take payment. -limited breakfast service: very nice waiters,…",Date of stay: May 2016,2.0
1417,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1415-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Mr thompson,Stayed here for 2 nights before taking my wife on 2 paris for another 2 nights for her surprise 40th. Had a great stay in this hotel. Staff were all very friendly and helpful. Got an upgrade free of charge. What a lovely room. Complimentary fruit and macaroons were brought to the room within 15 minutes of checking in. Lovely touch for my wife's birthday. Nice size room. And a spacious bathroom. Would definitly stay again,Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
1418,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1415-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Bed bugs and 70s style bedrooms,"This hotel needs a substantial amount of money spending on the refurbishment of the bedrooms, very dated furniture, beds with springs coming through, soiled carpets, noisy, dated bathrooms, the reception and restaurant area are great, clean, modern and fresh, but as soon as you get on the elevator things change. We were bitten by bed bugs and the whole experience was poor.",Date of stay: May 2016,2.0
1419,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1415-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Not good,"Very tired hotel,needs to shut down and update/refurb. Bathroom also needs updating...a shower curtain in 2016...please! Noise from the busy main road and rail station next door very bad so it would help if better windows with soundproofing were installed.",Date of stay: May 2016,1.0
1420,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1420-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,My three night stay was as good as ever.,"I travel to London on Business once a year and I always take two rooms at this Hilton. It is the staff there that make the stay special, from the room cleaners to the Managers. I made a mistake myself on the booking and upon arrival they went above and beyond their duty to correct my mistake. Marni on reception was particularly attentive. Great service, great location, clean rooms and wonderful food. I recommend.",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
1421,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1420-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Unreasonably expensive,"The only positive aspect was the helpful staff. Otherwise: small room (double hilton deluxe room), old furniture, bathrobes and slippers only after demand, tiny bathroom with noisy plumbing, expensive in-room Wifi (12.99 GBP/day). Disappointing experience!",Date of stay: April 2016,3.0
1422,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1420-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Great staff and Good location,"Executive room was spacious, bordering on tired in painted areas. Unquestionably clean and comfortable.  Great location, easily accessed. Very good to have on site parking.   Very friendly and helpful staff in all areas of hotel. Sky sports in the bar a real bonus.  Typical Hilton breakfast, plenty to choose from and to good standard.  ",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
1423,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1420-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,It is NOT a HILTON,"This is certainly not an Hilton hotel as i know it.  I was horrified at all elements and the price of the stay did reflect Hilton  the rooms ate terrible, internet none existant, the hotel couldnt give me a bill at the end of the stay ! still waiting for this  the general standard of this hotel is a 2 star at best  i am bemuzed as to why Hilton would put their name to this i wont be using hilton again",Date of stay: May 2016,1.0
1424,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1420-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Coeliacs not catered for,"I booked a table at the restaurant to enjoy a good meal with my partner. We gave the hotel notice that I was coeliac and allergic to dairy, but when we got there for our booking dressed up we were told that the restaurant was not open and given a bar table to eat at, and when I asked what food I could eat I was told I could have chicken without sauce and all meals without potatoes. I could have gone to any bar and got that. I was so upset and disgusted we left as we had been looking forward to the meal. And the restaurant was open but to a corporate group. The only thing that made the trip worth while was the service given in the executive lounge by Steve M and his female colleague, and the only reason the hotel got a rating of 2 and the internet did not work",Date of stay: May 2016,2.0
1425,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1425-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Very nice,We had a lovely weekend at the Hilton.  Booked through last-minute .com had a great price inc breakfast.  Rooms were smallish but all you need for a weekend. Breakfast was VERY good with all you could ask for. But how do people feel the need to take extra. I sat at breakfast and watched people make sandwiches and wrap them in napkins for later in the day.Really !!!,Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
1426,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1425-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,London Hilton Olympia,"Hotel staff is excellent.   Room quality was very lacking. Very uncomfortable bed, very poor water pressure, very small bathroom. Window would not close and lock so heard street noise all.  I have stayed in many a Hilton hotel and this one needs to be brought up to spec to compete with the other hotels in the area. Great location but I will stay a little further out to get a better nights sleep.",Date of stay: May 2016,2.0
1427,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1425-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,2-Night Stay,"I stayed here recently for two nights on Friday 29th and Saturday 30th April.  I got a great deal with last minute.com for the break.  Easy access to the location - tube from victoria to West Brompton and then overground to Olympia, which is only a 2minute walk. Other options available such as kensington high street underground (10-15 min walk) and number 10 bus, outside the hotel.  Good spacious lobby, made to feel welcome by the reception staff.  Free wifi access (which I didn't expect) and worked.  Complimentary bottled water re-stocked for the whole stay which was very welcome and appreciated.  Room was standard, if on the small side.  However for the purpose of my visit to London, it wasn't for staying in the hotel room during the day.  Good storage space.   Bathroom fine -…",Date of stay: April 2016,3.0
1428,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1425-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Great Staff, Dated Accommodations","Staff was excellent, especially Concierge and Front Desk.  The hotel room layout is a mousetrap. . . difficult to navigate but nothing impossible.  Better signage would help.  The rooms, however, including internet coverage, are poor.  We had two rooms during our stay, the first was clean/average/internet was slow but worked (couldn't stream videos).  The second room was miserable, no internet that worked, and absolutely reeked of cigarettes.  Could not get a different room.  Miserable 24 hours.  At $250/night this is not acceptable.  On a good note, the Staff was excellent and quite helpful.",Date of stay: May 2016,3.0
1429,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1425-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Fantastic Stay,"This hotel has a fabulous retro feel to it - we loved it. Huge comfy chairs and sofas in the lounge and bar areas. Red buses stop right outside. We got the number 10 bus direct from Euston Station straight to the door. We were served each day at breakfast by Alma and Samir - they were so friendly, polite and courteous - nothing was too much trouble for them.  We couldn't fault the hotel or staff. Excellent stay. Room was clean and tidy with very comfortable bed. Great air conditioning and no traffic noise. The breakfasts were delicious with plenty of choice. The sixties/seventies feel to the public areas of the hotel only added to our enjoyment - it was superb. We shall definitely return",Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
1430,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1430-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Tired Hilton,This is one of the most tired hotels that I have stayed in from the outside grey looking pebbledash to the noisy toilet that you wouldn't dare flush at night for fear of waking the neighbouring floors.  We're on the 6th floor in the furthest room from the lift. it's a spacious room with a locked mini bar (you have to phone reception to get a drink out of it!) a computerised snack tray that bills you when you remove your snack ( but it's empty) and a carpet with bumps in it that would allow Eddie the Eagle to train here! The room was £115 for the night with breakfast through cancelon. Not a bad price.  Reception is a bit dark and gloomy and the concierge was difficult to track down.   I'll update this review when breakfast has been sampled!,Date of stay: May 2016,3.0
1431,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1430-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Great Location Great Staff!,"Had a lovely time here! Friendly, helpful staff always on hand and couldn't do more for us. Rooms where clean roomy with everything at our disposal so very pleased on arrival. The only let down which reflects in my grade was the shower curtain not really keeping the water from the floor as the extractor fan would blow it in and  out of the bath & the wifi was very poor!! But still a lovely stay and would stay again.",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
1432,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1430-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Shocking - not worth the high fees charged,"Stayed at this hotel to be close to an event in Olympia .. Never again! The room was absolutely shocking didn't even come up to basic standards of a B&B. Really wished we had gone to a Premier Inn instead of thinking it would be more relaxing in a Hilton with the convenience of the bar, restaurant, room service etc.   When asked if I enjoyed our stay I replied no I thought the rooms were shocking - the response 'oh dear' 'have a good day'!!!",Date of stay: February 2016,1.0
1433,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1430-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Good stay for a short london trip,"Our experience was good. The hotel has a good bar/restaurant which served food and drinks till pretty late which made things easy. They also had a small shop which sold oyster cards etc which was also really helpful. Staff were fine. Our room was very small and seemed a little old but it was clean, no problems. We had a cute little view from our tiny balcony. Overall it was a good and easy stay to see london on a short trip.",Date of stay: December 2015,3.0
1434,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1430-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Don't expect a view from Room 128 - last decorated in the 70's,Centrally located by only average for the price charged. Room 128 had the worst view I have ever seen. The room was last decorated in the 1970's and was BROWN and tired. The Hilton only offer free wi-fi in the lobby and expect you to pay for wi-fi in the rooms - not very helpful for business travellers. I won't be back,Date of stay: May 2016,3.0
1435,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1435-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,A Wonderful Night's Sleep,"I booked my room as a secret deal on lastminute.com so I didn't actually know the hotel until I paid and only had a rough idea of where it was. I was very apprehensive on my way but was pleasantly surprised on arrival. It's in the perfect location - about 5 minutes from a tube station and the service was very friendly and welcoming. I booked a double room and was extraordinarily content with my room: a lovely bathroom, amazingly comfortable bed and spacious room with a stocked minibar. My only complaint would be that the walls are very thin so I could hear noisy neighbours walking the corridors and the water gushing through the pipes after using the bathroom. Overall, I was very happy with my stay and would definitely book again.",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
1436,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1435-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Well Past Its Prime,"Conveniently located to Olympia Exhibition Hall and the buffet breakfast is good but this Hilton misses on most other measures. My room was so small that I had to turn sideways to squeeze past the TV and cross the room at the foot of the bed from one side to the other. The tub was so worn and gritty it looked filthy. My towels smelled smokey and the carpet should have been replaced in the last century. Yes, they look that old. The concierge sent me to a restaurant that was closed that night (a Tuesday) and another that was no longer even there. When I asked the waitress at the buffet for more coffee she said she would bring more when she got to it. To be fair the service was much improved the following morning so I might have hit them at a low point but that shouldn't be my…",Date of stay: May 2016,3.0
1437,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1435-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Secret Deal on LastMinute.com,"I booked my stay as a secret deal through lastminute.com so only finding out the hotel after I had paid.  After reading some of the reviews on here I was slightly put off, but in good British tradition I had a cup of tea, slapped on my deer stalker and boldly ventured into the unknown.  I arrived at reception around ten in the morning after getting the 2am flight from Abu Dhabi and was pleasantly surprised to find a room available for me to check into 5 hours early.  I had booked a double room and the only complaint I have about it was it was slightly on the small side, but as it was just me and I'd left my cat in the Middle East I was more than happy.  It was clean, comfortable and had a fully stocked mini bar.  I found the hotel itself to be quite nice.  The reception and bar…",Date of stay: April 2016,3.0
1438,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1435-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Good value for the price/great customer service ,"Let me start by saying I was offset by the numerous bad reviews but my personal experience was more than positive😄😄  The room is big ( double room ) and smells like fresh linens  The wifi is free if you join the reward program ( Hh honors ) ; doesn't cost anything to join no credit card involved , super easy process.  A word of praise for the staff too; they will go out of their way to satisfy the guest requests  ;  I asked for a change of room due to low cellphone signal issues and they provided asap to move me into another room. Thank you Aaron and Bruna 🤗  The minimal downsides are:  • Building does smell musty/moldiysh in corridors but this is London ,an old city with pretty much mostly old interiors . Unless u book a newly constructed hotel you will likely find the same…",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
1439,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1435-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Great experience,"Had a weekend in this hotel with family and could not complain at all. All the staff were helpful, well mannered and friendly. Rooms were clean, comfortable and warm. The food at breakfast was lovely, great variety and you could help yourself to whatever you wanted. We were able to buy Oyster cards in the gift shop and receptionist helped us to print boarding passes etc for flight home. Would recommend this hotel without hesitation",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
1440,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1440-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,basic,have stayed here a couple of times and its fairly basic but what would you expect?The location is excellent and otherwise its standard Hilton.There was actually a problem with the water when I first stayed there but the compensated me with some honors points.Definitely worth considering if you want to be central and the rate is good.,Date of stay: August 2015,3.0
1441,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1440-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Excellent Staff,"Really great Hotal and the staff were out of this world. Nothing was too much trouble for them and the waiting staff ensured that they were helpful but discreet.  We arrived early for check-in (11:30, Check-in was 15:00) however staff ensured that the room was ready and we were allowed to check-in then. Room on first floor ( no great view,however very quiet as away from the traffic.). Small room but adequate for our three night stay.  Only gripe was getting to hotel via the tube. As olympia station is closed during the week, it meant an addiontal train ride. Soon discovered that the No 10 bus goes from outside the hotel all the way to cntral London in about 20 minutes. so we used that all the time.  stay here again? Yes thanks to the great staff they have.    ",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
1442,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1440-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Bad value for money,"The rooms are really dated and old. Mine smelt of mould, the TV didn't really work and the bed was uncomfortable. The common areas like reception and restaurant are nice, and the staff is excellent, friendly and helpful. The rooms are not acceptable for the price they are charging, though.",Date of stay: April 2016,1.0
1443,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1440-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Fine for business travel,Convenient to Olympia conference center. Facilities are dated but still comfortable. Lounge offerings are limited. Overall service is excellent. Fairly pricey given age of the hotel. Could use an update. ,Date of stay: April 2016,3.0
1444,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1440-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Clean rooms, great breakfast","The hotel is a bit far from city center but you can walk to Hyde Park in a half an hour. The room was clean, we stayed in a low rate room, so it didn't have windows which shows streets. Breakfast was very good with lots of options.",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
1445,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1445-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Average Hilton Hotel near Olympia,"I was on business travel and decided to stay in this hotel because it is near Olympia station and not too far from Earl's Court station. There was a day that housekeeping did not clean my room although I did not put ""do not disturb"" sign so I have to call them to clean my room. But internet speed (complimentary) is high speed. The concierge was also helpful.",Date of stay: April 2016,3.0
1446,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1445-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Run down and tired,"While the hotel staff were friendly, both the service and the state of the room was below average.   The room had nothing in the fridge or on the convenience tray and despite both speaking in person to reception as well as calling from the room to request that they be stocked this never happened. At check-in the did not take my credit card number and I had to head back down after settling in the room in order to provide the information.  The room itself was very plain, but not in the way that you accept a room as functional and comfortable. This was cramped, run down and the windows onto the street below, despite being double-glazed, had no sound-proofing whatsoever meaning that there was a constant hum from general traffic and passers by leading to a difficult sleep. The…",Date of stay: April 2016,2.0
1447,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1445-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Nice Staff, Good Location, Rather Tired Interior ","Reading the mostly negative reviews I was rather anxious as I last stayed at this property several years ago. I was quite happy that my HHonors benefits were recognized and received a executive room on a high floor with lounge access. The room was clean, good sized and was well maintained. Had no issues with the housekeeping. The breakfast buffet was excellent. The staff there were welcoming and attentive even when it was busy. The Executive Lounge was also very good in terms of offerings and ambiance. Used their gym room which is rather small but does the job for a short stay. The only negative I can think of is the rather tired corridors and dated elevators, though they were all functional during my stay. Location wise, a 10 minute stroll to High Street Kensington Tube…",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
1448,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1445-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Fantastic welcome, great staff, tired room","We had a wonderful welcome from Bruna the receptionist and this set the tone for the interactions of the three of us with the staff for the one night stay.  Bruna ensured we had HHonours and free wifi and assured us that our £130 a night did include breakfast despite our booking saying it didn't.  £130 pppn without wifi and breakfast would have been scandalous.  The rooms, though scrupulously clean, were obviously tired, especially the bathroom which had missing knobs, cracked tiles and worn paint.  Nevertheless the night was comfortable and I slept really well.",Date of stay: April 2016,3.0
1449,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1445-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Not as bad as others say it is,We went here for a weekend and had been reading the reviews leading up to our stay. I am always a bit wary of bad reviews as I think people are a bit picky when it comes to writing reviews and always pick up on the bad points. Check in was easy as we had done it online the day before and it took 2 minutes when we got there to get our room keys. Room 129 just above reception was clean and tidy as I would expect and it is noisy but it is London and there is a lot of traffic. The hotel is quite a long way from some of the sites but we like walking so it isn't a problem under a mile to underground was easy for us. We had upgraded and had access to the executive lounge were we could have breakfast which was good the first day and the last but not so good the second day (this was a…,Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
1450,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1450-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Nothing special,The reputation of the Hilton was tarnished after for me after I stayed here. Sloppy service at the bar - we had to wait 40 minutes and ask 3 times before we were served our 1st drink and another 25 minutes for our 2nd drink and then got them wrong. Small and pokey rooms. Even if I was offered a compementry night in Paris Hilton I'd decline. Pull your socks up Hilton Group and employ staff who are on the ball!!,Date of stay: March 2016,3.0
1451,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1450-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"A pretty bog standard Hilton, you know what you are going to get!","Standard Hilton Hotel. Rooms satisfactory without any wow factor, parking expensive, breakfast satisfactory, location reasonable (10 minute walk to tube). Just all the things to be expected from a hotel chain in the capital.",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
1452,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1450-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Good location - tired and grubby room,I stayed here ahead of attending a conference in Olympia recently.  The location is very convenient being a short walk from Olympia however the room I stayed in was very tired and grubby with scuff marks on the wall and dirty grout in the bathroom.  The walls of the room were also wafer thin meaning any movement either side of me felt like we were in the same room.  Double glazing didn't seem to function and the street outside is pretty busy.  I didn't use the restaurant so can't comment however there is a Costa linked to the hotel. The bar is a decent space though as per the norm in London hotels a little overpriced.  Wi-fi is available though seemed next to impossible to log into easily.,Date of stay: April 2016,2.0
1453,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1450-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,POOR BREAKFAST BUFFET CHOICE,Average service standards. Poor breakfast choice for non beef/pork guests. Check in check out was fast and efficient. Toilet had basic amenities. I wanted to use mini fridge but it was locked. Did not make an attempt to call for assistance. Wi if password given for in room use was incorrect. Had to call reception and obtain the correct one. Tea coffee was not replenished or no attempt was made by the house keeping to do the same,Date of stay: April 2016,3.0
1454,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1450-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Not a good hotel,"I stayed at the Hilton London Olympia for 3 nights while attending an event at Olympia Exhibition Center, very convenient as the hotel is just 3min. away – unfortunately, this is the ONLY possible thing about this hotel.   *The rooms were TINY, OLD, GRUNGY & SMELL OF MOLD. *The furniture was very outdated and needs replacing. *The bed in my room was small and mattress was extremely uncomfortable. I moved rooms twice, and believe me they are the same BAD! *The bathtub enamel was bubbling and chipped and the tile grouting was dirty. *The TV channels extremely limited and image wasn’t clear, it’s grainy.  The only modern amenity on the rooms was the computerized minibar.  Please use your money wisely and stay somewhere else",Date of stay: April 2016,1.0
1455,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1455-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Well situated for the Olympia is really the only positive,"I am not someone that generally leaves reviews or even complains that much but..... I stayed here last week for 5 nights whilst at an event at the Olympia, and although very convenient I really did not relish the thought at the end of each day of going back to this place and I am sure that anyone that attends trade shows will appreciate just how bad that is.  The hotel is over priced even by London standards, I paid almost £200 a night and for that I got a small room that was dated, smelt, and did not include wifi, which in this day and age is just ridiculous.  The bar was always understaffed and the service very slow. In the evening there was only one or two people pouring drinks when the bar was full and at lunch time we waited almost an hour for a sandwich and a salad when…",Date of stay: April 2016,2.0
1456,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1455-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,No internet,In this day and age to have no in room internet is a total disgrace. I brought it to the attention of the reception and they told me to gomtommy room and call down and they would put me through to the provider.  A total joke and terrible customer service!!!!,Date of stay: April 2016,1.0
1457,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1455-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Room dated and smells of mould,"This is what I've just written in a complaint form to Hilton.......  Very disappointed with the state of this room. Needs a massive overhaul. Strong smell of mould/damp. Curtains hanging away from the rail, cracked paint on window frames & sills, cracked and dirty looking bath base, mould round bath taps, towel rail coming away from the wall, terrible insulation from outside even though 8 floors up we could hear vehicles reversing below.   This room should have cost £40 a night max and I would equate it with a Travelodge, except that a Travelodge would have been in better repair and not smelled of mould.  I did not receive Silver member complimentary water until I asked for it - then a large glass bottle was brought to room. Also, no teabags in room  I did not complain at the…",Date of stay: April 2016,2.0
1458,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1455-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Good location,"Conveniently located with easy access by bus to several destinations, no need to take the tube. Very good service and friendly staff. I loved the lounge! Great food was served throughout the day. Close to Holland Park and Notting Hill. It was the first time we stayed at this Hilton hotel and we will be back.",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
1459,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1455-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,great food,"Stayed for a week with hubby. Location is excellent, food is excellent. Hubby particularly likes the breakfast. The room though is quite small and wifi is not that fast. You need to pay for a premium wifi. Service is quite good. Will definitely stay here again in my future visits.",Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
1460,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1460-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Hilton Olympia, London",Stayed one night during a business trip. It was all perfectly fine but nothing outstanding. The biggest issue I have with the hotel is that it is far from the Tube. On the maps there is one close by but it is only open for events. I also hate having to pay for internet so even if it states WiFi available this has to be paid for extra.,Date of stay: April 2016,3.0
1461,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1460-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Convenient for Olympia but that's about it,"Stayed while working at a conference at Olympia, so the location was ideal. The employees were all delightful too, from check-in to breakfast to the concierge. The rooms are just beat down, I have to say, and are sorely in need of an update. The furniture is scratched and dented, and while clean, they are still dark and dingy. There are also no outlets near the beds and not really much room for luggage near the closet (I was in a room with twin beds separated by a nightstand). There's very little room to put any toiletries on the sink in the bathroom, and my television only received 2 channels. I think there are better options (better Hiltons!) nearby. The great staff just can't make up for the condition of the rooms, unfortunately.",Date of stay: April 2016,3.0
1462,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1460-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Worth the price,"We booked this hotel through lastminute and paid £180 for 2 nights so it was a bargain to be honest. Overground station about a 3-4 min walk.   We arrived around 10pm with a quick check in. The clerk took our Hilton honours details etc. Went to our room to find it was a twin- not a double for my husband and me. So we went back down to reception and advised that I had requested a double when booking (in special requests) and the only thing the desk clerk said was ""since you booked through lastminute.com you get put in whatever we have free"". I was shocked to have been met with such rudeness!! I was simply asking that my husband and I wouldn't have separate beds- surely he himself should have considered this when checking us in?? I think he could see that my face fell- I was a bit…",Date of stay: April 2016,3.0
1463,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1460-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Good hotel OK location,"Good hotel with decent size, clean rooms and friendly helpful staff.  Public areas are nice, but rooms maybe need a little tlc/fefurb.  Area has plenty to eat and drink in but is a brisk 10 min walk to underground (overground is closer).  If you get a good rate, worth staying at. ",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
1464,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1460-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Very Convenient for the Olympia Exhibition Center,"The staff was friendly, helpful, and available--a special shout out to Vanessa who was working breakfast. The rates are very good for London and also for how convenient this place is to the Olympia Exhibition Center. Bus stop is convenient but this hotel is a bit of a hike to the tube.  The breakfast buffet was very good. I ate in the restaurant once and had the fish and chips which were good but they didn't offer me any vinegar. The menu is limited.   My only complaint is that the rooms are old and tired. The first two days my bathroom sink was backed up. The TV had very poor signal.   So if you go knowing what you're getting then this is fine and is certainly a good value.",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
1465,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1465-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Nice Hotel,Nice Hotel in a good location. Very friendly helpful staff. Room very spacious & fantastic large comfy bed. worth a look. Good price for this hotel. Underground/Overground trains very nearby & buses stop right outside.,Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
1466,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1465-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Excellent value for london,This is my fifth time in London. I booked this Hotel myself through booking.com after reading reviews here. Previously I have booked with travel agents and paid lots more. I have to say for a very central London Hotel this place offeres exceptional value and comfort for the price. My experience tells me that 220 nz dollars per night is more than a bargain. I will come back here everytime. Well done !,Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
1467,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1465-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Excellent value,Stayed last night 16/04. Very friendly helpful staff. Received a free upgrade which was most appreciated. Excellent spacious room and great bed!  Very nice breakfast too! We will be returning and will also be recommending to people.,Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
1468,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1465-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"A fairly average Hilton, but good breakfasts","I sometimes stay here when working in London. It is a fairly average Hilton but they do good breakfasts with an excellent range of different things to eat and drink. For hhonors diamond members, the executive lounge is very welcome. The nearest tube stations are Shepherds Bush on the Central Line (get the C1 or 49 bus) or else High St Kensington on the Circle / District Line (get bus no. 9, 10, 27 or 28)",Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
1469,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1465-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Lovely stay at the Hilton Olympia,"All staff were welcoming, friendly and polite. We had a lovely, clean and spacious room with a big comfortable bed - this is the best bed I have ever slept in away from home.  Breakfast caters for all tastes; we all enjoyed a big cooked hearty breakfast with loads of toast, juice and tea! I would definitely return. Thank you. ",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
1470,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1470-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Good Hotel in London,"I stayed in this hotel for a couple of days in April. The reception staff were very friendly, helpful and efficient. Concierge was particularly helpful as well. Bedroom was a bit on small side but very clean. Bathroom facilities adequate and clean. Breakfast very good. Found location very handy for bus and metro. Would definitely stay here again.",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
1471,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1470-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,A perfect place to have the city on your hands,"It was a wonderful surprise to get to this hotel, the personal was great ,very kind and gentle. The room was big and comfortable , the restaurant very easy to have a great breakfast .The position was very good ,it was enough to walk  20 meters to the bus stop, and straight to Picadilly Circus.",Date of stay: August 2015,4.0
1472,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1470-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Got it on a deal. ,"Hotel reception  and staff are very friendly and welcoming. The hotel is also clean, however slightly dated and needs a makoe over in the rooms plus they are a little small.  Top tip for travelers here is that the overground isn't as often as the underground.  Still nice if not in a rush ",Date of stay: April 2016,3.0
1473,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1470-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Visit to London,had a most relaxing and enjoyable experience at this hotel. Staff were helpful and friendly and room was spotlessly clean. Beds were comfortable and tea making facilities were available which were handy after returning from a show.Hotel was well serviced with public transport and in the area itself there were many shops and bars and restaurants  .I would have no hesitation in returning to this hotel.,Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
1474,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1470-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Good base for exploring city,"Great value hotel in good location, along Ken High Street. Good bus(no.9)  and tube connections into the West End. Breakfast is excellent and staff are very warm and friendly. Our family was upgraded on arrival so we had ample room for our boys and they loved the bathroom and comfy beds. Lovely toiletries in the room and well stocked tea/coffee/biscuits.",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
1475,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1475-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,value for money,"This is not a luxury hotel, but the rooms are  of good size and are clean. The staff is friendly and helpful, and the prices are good. For me the location is excellent. I stayed for two days and will definitively come back. Very efficient staff both in reception and in the executive lounge.",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
1476,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1475-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Not as good as other Hilton Hotels,"The Hotel looks good, when it comes to the rooms, fairly small and in need of updating, breakfast is OK but the food is not Hot just warm under the special lamps they use. Staff are OK but seem pressurised and forgetful when you ask for things, either that they are taking away to do other things, if you are not happy with your room they do not give you a upgrade but put you in another room which maybe slightly better but not up to the standard you would wished.",Date of stay: April 2016,2.0
1477,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1475-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Good location for shopping and a short distance with the tube to the center,"The location is very good for a relaxed shopping on Kensington High Street. Lot of restaurants in the area. The staff in the bar/restaurant were very nice and helpful, as was the front staff. The rooms are becoming very outdated and the cleanliness was not what I would have expected from a Hilton. There is also a great deal of street noise. Would propably stay there again, if I wanted to go for shopping in this area and in Notting Hill.",Date of stay: April 2016,3.0
1478,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1475-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,A worth-of-value choice,"The location of this hotel is excellent as it is in proximity to Kensington Olympia railway station in London.  Unlike the hustle and bustle of city centre of London, it is relatively serene in the district of Kensington with beautiful houses, streets and trees.  Overall service is very good and the breakfast is great in particular.  A pleasant stay except for the first night as the shower in bathroom is not functioning, which a complaint was lodged and remedial action taken.",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
1479,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1475-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Great Base for London sightseeing,lovely hotel near Olympia train station and 10 mins walk to tube in London. geat location to sightsee in London. although on busy road not too noisy . Rooms clean and good size for staying in for couple of days sightseeing. staff always helpful and polite. Breakfast was great deal with large variety on offer  set you up for the day.,Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
1480,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1480-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Overall Happy with this Hotel,"I was very Happy to stay at this hotel for a period of 18 days. the staff were very good.The Location was excellent for Olympia where I was Working at the time. I enjoyed the Breakfast, set me up for the day. I would stay there again",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
1481,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1480-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Great location in SW London,"Fine hotel, with good location. Busses almost in front of the door, short trip to Underground. Received nice upgrade to large room (Junior Suite style). One big drawback is the traffic noise - terrible. Had to use earplugs to sleep. Despite what looks like double glazing the noise levels pick up at 6am.",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
1482,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1480-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Suheir Sweiss,"I stayed a whole week in the hotel. I had a great stay .location is so convenient . Staff were so friendly and helpful .each and every one from the people at the reception desk, to the concierge staff.  I recommend my family to that hotel. And I will definitely come back again .all the best ",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
1483,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1480-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Do not be put off by exterior,"The room was a basic standard . It was clean and although not huge adequate for an overnight stay. The staff were very friendly and attentive and the best we have experienced at a Hilton hotel. The receptionist , bar staff and waitresses were all most helpful. The buffet breakfast was very good with a many choice of food both hot and cold I would certainly stay at this hotel again  A bit far out , but no 9 bus takes you directly to all main attractions and run very frequently .",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
1484,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1480-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Champange English afternoon tea,"Very disappointing, I would have expected nice bone china, tea in a teapot not hot water and tea bags on a saucer, no milk in the jug that was placed on the table it was empty. This had been pre booked as a celebration. The champagne never arrived, when my grand daughter spoke with the waiter she was given a bottle of Prosecco  for eleven people. I queried this and was given a second bottle. I pointed out that this was not Champange . The staff were polite.",Date of stay: April 2016,2.0
1485,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1485-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,21st birthday surpise ,"Spent a delightful evening here for my 21st birthday which was booked as a surprise by my boyfriend.  I would say don't judge a book by its cover- the exterior of the hotel isn't particularly appealing, and the surrounding area is run down. However, the interior design is modern and clean. Our room was on the 6th floor- very spacious. The bathroom was of a good size and we liked the modern looking shower.    Our bed was massive (king size?) and very comfy. I wonder whether we had been upgraded as it was a special occasion.  We used the hotel as a base to explore the west end, so it's a shame the hotel is a bit out of the way.  Upon returning to our hotel room in the evening, I was thrilled to see that the staff had left us a complimentary bottle of champagne, strawberries,…",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
1486,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1485-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Not as good as you'd expect!,"Stayed here for three nights. The room we were given had a window facing out onto a light well, which would be fine but it was full of noisy pigeons and the window was covered in frosted film. Air conditioning did not work in the room either. After trying to sleep unsuccessfully for one night, the staff were very good and changed us to another room. In both rooms the bathroom and the bed are very tired and need updating. The bed was not comfortable and the baths had large rust patches on the bottom. In need of updating! As a comparison, I've never stayed in a Travelodge or Premier Inn in the city where these fundamentals you expect from a hotel room are lacking. On a positive, staff were excellent and breakfast was of good quality, if a bit pricy. ",Date of stay: April 2016,2.0
1487,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1485-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Comfy bed,"Well, the public areas of this hotel are lovely, clean, tidy and well cared for. Once you get out of the lift (we were on the 6th floor) a tired smell greets you and, although it's still clean, it needs to be smartened up. The room was functional and clean but, again, that pervasive smell of staleness was evident. We ate in the bar on the first floor and the food was tasty and well presented. The staff throughout the hotel were very helpful and informative. Nothing was too much trouble.",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
1488,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1485-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Lovely stuff,"I stayed last week, the staff are very polite and professional,  make you feel very welcome, but I have to say, for £199/night you will think you have at least water in the room and also a bit more effort in cleaning in the bathroom. ",Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
1489,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1485-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"hilton home again, happily.","I enjoy this hotel a lot on every visit, seems like home. Good staff and location and everything you would expect, delivered with friendly efficiency of a truly high standard. I will be back. Shop (good stock) and coffee house added bonus. Can purchase and top up oyster card here.",Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
1490,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1490-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Awesome stay,"The stay was  awesome - the room was tidy and spacious, the staff very friendly and welcoming and the restaurant and in-dining was also top class. There is a bus stop right outside the hotel and the tube station is also not very far.  We were made to feel valuable and respected and we appreciated that very much.",Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
1491,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1490-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Enjoyable stay ,After reading reviews I did wonder where we had booked into ..but am happy to say we had a very good stay .Booked in and chose room before we left home ..7th floor twin room overlooking Olympia ..quiet .. clean . Attended a gig at Hammersmith Apollo and decided to walk there and back  ..turn right out of hotel took about 15 mins . Only downside is underground from Olympia took a couple of changes to get to Knightsbridge but think we could have jumped on a bus too . ,Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
1492,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1490-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Obsolete rooms,"Nice computerized minibar but requires to call the lobby to unlock! (so you don't use it) -Obsolete rooms with worn out carpet,  - leaking windows  with wind whistling all night -no side table plugs, - dull yellowish walls with no decoration at all -Worn out hotel corridors",Date of stay: March 2016,2.0
1493,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1490-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Nice couple of nights,"We initially booked one night but after a week of searching for a good train deal decided to drive down to London and stay for two nights. We arrived at the hotel and entered through the car park. We didn't notice any lifts so had to carry our cases up to reception. We booked in with two separate booking references the receptionist sorted out our rooms for a two night stay rather than us having to change rooms for each day.  Our rooms were OK a bit tired, I expected better with it being a Hilton. However the room was clean and tidy, our bedding was changed for each day of our stay with coffee, milk toiletries etc. replenished.   With it being a older hotel on a busy route it was noisy from the traffic and the double glazing didn't keep the noise out. The hotel is ideal for…",Date of stay: March 2016,3.0
1494,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1490-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Not honoring Hilton Honors GOLD,"When checking into the London Hilton Olympia on a recent stay (March 2016), I was informed by the front desk staff that the hotel management had decided NOT to extend ANY benefits to Hilton Honors GOLD Level members! NO free breakfast. NO Concierge Floor. This is the only Hilton hotel that I have stayed at that does not honor GOLD Level.",Date of stay: March 2016,3.0
1495,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1495-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Old and tired,"Recently stayed for 3 nights during the week, checked in slightly early but not greatly so. Met by Martin who never welcomed me, acknowledged my Hilton status or made eye contact throughout. Told there was no upgrades available even though the website on my phone was showing exec rooms were available.  Allocated an inward facing room with the service lift at the back of it, back to reception where Martin told me he had another room but these were really for special returning guests!!! So does this hotel have guests who are more important than Hhonors guests??  Now had a room at the front, which was so narrow a could stretch out and touch both side walls. Air con was terribly hot and I had to open the window at night to cool the room down. It didn't make any difference to the…",Date of stay: March 2016,2.0
1496,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1495-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Ideal location, great service and good breakfast","Stayed here will my other half for 2 nights. This was our base for visting the winter wonderland in Hyde Park then into central the following day. Perfect location, near a couple tube stations and an over ground.  The weather was mild so we decided to take a scenic walk to Hyde Park. It did take approx 35- 40 mins but at night it was beautiful to see  what's happening around you on foot as opposed to a cab. We walked straight passed the royal Albert Hall which looked enchanting.   On check in we upgraded the room and took advantage of the lounge (a small price) we liked the sound of some drinks and snacks. Sadly when we arrived all the snacks had gone and there was no more wine left. This was a waste of money but we did arrive 30 mins before it closed. Just check the closing…",Date of stay: December 2015,5.0
1497,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1495-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Unrivalled Breakfast,We use this hotel when doing exhibitions at Olympia. The breakfast is the best I have ever experienced at a hotel also a very comprehensive choice of food! The staff are very professional and attentive. Only negative is it can be very busy at reception.,Date of stay: March 2016,5.0
1498,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1495-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Nice but Tired,"The Hotel is well situated for shopping in Kensington, Very Close to Olympia and other attractions including a very large shopping Mall (Westfield). The Hotel Itself was pleasant enough but the bedroom we stayed in was a bit tired and in need of some upgrading. The room was also next to a service lift which was very noisey when operated",Date of stay: March 2016,3.0
1499,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1495-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Good but noisy,"Stayed here for a Saturday night with work. The bar was slow, busy and understaffed. The room was basic, but ok, nothing special for the money here, just average and slightly dated. I was put into a room next to the service lift which was noisy all night and had no view. Breakfast was good but I had to remind the staff to bring my tea, then a cup, then the milk......I didn't want it in the end because it took so long.  They need to up the game because there are so many cheaper better hotels in London.",Date of stay: March 2016,3.0
1500,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1500-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Theatre trip,"Lovely clean rooms, we stopped there to go to the theatre, staff very helpful for directions and phoned room after 20 minutes to check everything was OK, lovely breakfast so much choice!!!when we ran out of milk the man behind bar offered us more even though in information pack sed to phone if more items needed. Very close to tube and buses, even though on high street we were not disturbed by traffic.",Date of stay: March 2016,5.0
1501,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1500-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Smelly,"Comfortable bed, good pillows and linen. Good shower. However room generally tired outdated and shabby. The worst thing was the dreadful smell in the room on both nights. A mixture if mould and stagnant water. It was so bad we had to have the balcony door open all night and it was very noisy. The air conditioning didn't work either. Staff came and sprayed ghe carpet to disguise the smell...yuk. It seems they are used to doing this so guess the smell problem is a long standing one. In need of refurbishment Staff friendly and helpful",Date of stay: March 2016,2.0
1502,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1500-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Average and needing new windows,"Stayed here for 2 nights at the weekend. Efficient, pleasant service at reception. Communal areas very well maintained. Bar was buzzing if (expectedly) over-priced. The room we had was a very odd shape with room only to put cases etc. in a window alcove. The windows were very poor letting in all of the street noise and the cold. We initially thought we had left the windows wide open, but it was just that they were very poorly fitting. Not up to Hilton standard but for the price we got, not bad. ",Date of stay: March 2016,3.0
1503,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1500-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Dilapidated, depressing hotel!!!! ","This Hilton definitely doesn't deserve its 4 star status, I wouldn't even give it 2 stars. It's so seriously in need of updating its untrue, the rooms are physically depressing, they smell, they are like a tacky time warp nobody wants to visit. My window looked out onto a brick wall with large ugly air vents, making it feel like I was in some sort of prison camp. Really not impressed at all. I'd be embarrassed putting my name to this hotel. The ONLY saving grace was the friendly staff, and location....And that is the only nice thing I can say. I wouldn't recommend this place at all. ",Date of stay: March 2016,2.0
1504,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1500-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Tired Hotel, Small Rooms and Terrible Mattresses","I stayed at the Hilton, Olympia for a conference at the close by Olympia. The distance to the venue is great, about 2 mins. The communal area of the hotel - bar, restaurant and foyer - are all nice enough but nothing special. The food was OK. The staff were all pleasant. However, upstairs is where the problems begin. One of the lifts was broken down for 3 days which in a 7 storey hotel is quite a problem. The rooms are quite small. My largest issue with the hotel was the mattress in my room. It was incredibly uncomfortable, poor springs, two large furrows where people slept and mound in the middle. Considering the price of this hotel I would expect better. Every Premiere Inn I have stayed in has far superior sleeping facilities. I was booked in to the hotel for another…",Date of stay: February 2016,2.0
1505,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1505-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Rabbit Warren,"There are many connected passages & stairs where you can easily get lost trying to find your room. The hotel is a bit tired & in dire need of a facelift (especially the lifts & the common areas). The great location (very stylish Kensington) & good access to public transport, plus our room was quiet largish & always clean made some of the negatives more bearable.",Date of stay: March 2016,3.0
1506,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1505-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Worst Hilton I have ever stayed at.,"I travel for business so stay in a lot of hotels, including Hilton's, and unfortunately this is the worst Hilton I have ever stayed at. I have stayed at nicer Holiday Inn's.  The hotel interior is very dated, desperately in need of a refresh. The windows in my room were very leaky so you could hear all the road noise and even the wind. I had reception send someone up while I was out to try and force the window to close tighter. They did and it made a small difference but not much. I woke regularly throughout every night of my stay for some unknown reason. I can only assume it was something noisy passing outside waking me as I've never woken so much in any hotel, even when jet lagged (which I wasn't). The bed was perfectly comfortable and the room warm/cool enough, so I would…",Date of stay: March 2016,1.0
1507,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1505-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Great location,"Stayed here recently for and event at Olympia. Less than a 5 minute walk which was awesome especially after a long day on your feet.  I found the hotel quite warm, even with a window open all night. Other than that the hotel is great and the staff warm and friendly. ",Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
1508,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1505-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Place to stay in West London,"Nice location, 5 mins from Earls court Tube station. My friend and I walked to all the Museums and galleries Sat Morning and there were lots of cafe's along the way. Absolutely lovely day. Tube stn available too if you don't like walking",Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
1509,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1505-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Overnight Stay Visiting Olympia,The hotel is right on the doorstep of Olympia in a good central location near the train station and local amenities. Even though we were staying for one night for a convention we were afforded a very warm welcome and the hotel was of a high standard across all areas. Looking forward to staying again.,Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
1510,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1510-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Dissapointed,"Room was too noisy, you can even hear the air conditioning from the other room, let alone noise from the road. Staff communication and service was a let down: they didn't know what was available in the bar/restaurant and had to call us several times; they told us the only way we could charge our phones was in the reception and we had to pay...seriously!?...to find out the next morning we could actually get some adapter...with a deposit of course so we don't take it away! Things in the menu (in the room) were not available, and waiting time for 2 glasses of wine and some dessert was unacceptable. Not to speak for the quality of the ice cream we ordered; we hardly could spot the flavor of it without looking at the menu. Price/Value totally unacceptable!",Date of stay: March 2016,2.0
1511,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1510-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Terrible value.,"I've stayed here almost a week. One out of the three elevators has been broken since I arrived. The second one is about to brake! You have to push the ""automatic"" door with your hand! This leaves one remaining elevator. So basically everyone uses the stairs. The rooms are very old and tired. The bed is horrific. The breakfast is the only decent thing... When you finally get seated after waiting in the queue for 20 minutes!!!!",Date of stay: March 2016,1.0
1512,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1510-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Executive disaster!,"We've stayed at this hotel before and had an executive room which was extremely noisy due to being on the main road at the front of the hotel with Windows that don't seal.  This time we chose a room on the side of the hotel, what a bad decision! We ended up in disabled access room which is fine however the bathroom was appalling as it had no shelves, not even anywhere to put shower gel in the shower! The Windows not only didn't close you could see daylight through the half inch gaps! The hotel has three lifts, when we arrived only one worked. The wait time was ridiculous! It took two days to get a second lift working then the breakdowns with people getting stuck was endless, me included! The only saving grace for this hotel is the staff, they are courteous, attentive and work…",Date of stay: March 2016,2.0
1513,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1510-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Hilton Olympia London,"1 stay is anough. Terrible level of services. Old fashioned, noisy, overpriced. The window handle was broken what caused, that lots of noise and cold ait were comming in through the hole between window and the frame. I asked the receptionist to make it fixed (3 times), but without any response - nothing happened. Room doors permanently slammed - uncomfortable especialy during the nights.",Date of stay: March 2016,2.0
1514,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1510-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"For what it is this hotel is fine, for everything else it's terrible.","If you are attending or exhibiting at an exhibition at the Olympia then this Hilton is a decent enough place to stay. It's literally on the Olympia's front door so can't be beaten for convenience and it's pretty much your standard Hilton in every other aspect.  Unfortunately your standard Hilton in the UK at the moment seems to be below average. The building is in bad need of refurbishment, the bar and breakfast room are ok but everything else is tired and in some cases dirty.  I had a single room which actually had a single bed, something I thought was a thing of the past. The room was small but you could have easily fit a small double into it so I don't know why they didn't as a single bed is just stupidly small and they could have always sold it as double occupancy.  The…",Date of stay: March 2016,2.0
1515,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1515-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Hotel needs serious refurbish,"We stayed here for a conference at Olympia.   The good Breakfast is very good and bar is nice Location location location. If you have a conference in Olympia it is ridiculously conveniently located.  The bad When we arrived we ordered a twin, sent us to king and the whole 8th floor was smelling cigarette. They changed it to an ""accesible room"" as there was nothing else available although I could see many available rooms in the online checkin feature. From 3 Elevators only 1 was working on arrival (Monday) which made any elevator wait to las aprox 5-10 minutes.  The Ugly Beds are  horrible. Awake since 3am posting the review at 5am cant find how to sleep. Hilton should not allow mattresses to become this old it seriously hurts the image of the brand.   Carpets and furniture could…",Date of stay: March 2016,2.0
1516,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1515-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Poor Show,"Booked into the Hilton expecting 4* Service and 4* room but was very disappointed.  No portage offered, rooms very tired and definitely in need of redecoration.  The only good point about the room was that the bed and linen was clean and comfortable.  On leaving two of the three lift were out of order and when your on the 6th floor this is a bit far to walk.  When checking out not asked whether we enjoyed our stay or if everything was ok think this was because they would have known the answer.  We use secret hotel quite a lot and would definitely tell them to take this of their list.",Date of stay: March 2016,2.0
1517,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1515-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Not a great experience,"We had booked online for our standard double room,  but when we arrive we had the receptionist spend the next 10 minutes trying to upgrade us to which I eventually agreed. She then gets on her computer to find that there are no rooms yet available at 12.30,  they were still being cleaned. We therefore opted to take our standard room as we wanted to check in go off to the exhibition  we had come for not wait  for the room to become ready. As it was mothering Sunday I asked if the receptionist if she could book us into the restaurant at night,  no she couldn't  we needed to ring down from our room she explained placing us on the 6th floor. It was the only time we managed to get a lift during our stay as 2 out of 3 were out of action and apparently  the mechanics don't work…",Date of stay: March 2016,2.0
1518,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1515-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Good Business Hotel,"Overall, this is a good business hotel. The décor is a little bit dated, my room had a good size and the bed was very comfortable. The lighting in the bathroom (over the mirror) was very dim and there is no cosmetic mirror, so this would be a no-no for my wife. WIFI is available and free, if you are a Hilton Honors member. The breakfast buffet is outstanding (selection and quality) and the service was great. They have a nice bar / restaurant area, but the selection of bar food was a little limited. If you need ride back to the airport, the hotel offers a pre-paid fix rate limo service, that is significant lower that getting your own taxi. The Olympia convention center is less than a 5 minute walk away and there are pubs and restaurants in a 15-25 minute walking distance.",Date of stay: February 2016,4.0
1519,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1515-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Location great for Olympia but rooms need a makeover,"Not the normal Hilton standard, booked a year in advance however the single room was a real single small and pokey, the bathroom needs re-grouting around the wash hand basin, the shower was great really fast and hot. Large TV screen in the bedroom. What was strange was the number of steps between the lift and the room. The lifts were very slow to arrive and I noticed the staff used them a lot. If you pre-book breakfast do not lose your voucher they cannot trace you on the system and it causes chaos. Breakfast was good and the parking was very useful under the hotel.",Date of stay: March 2016,3.0
1520,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1520-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Lovely,"Great location, lovely room & facilities, friendly staff.   Disappointed about having to sign up to the loyalty scheme to be able to get wifi in the room.   Got a great deal making it cheaper than some of the independent & boutique hotels that said I would not have thought it such good value if we'd paid full price.",Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
1521,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1520-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Business Hotel,"A good hotel in West London, easy access to the West End and to tubes.  A nice lobby and bar up the stairs. Restaurant is better than most other Hilton's and the breakfast buffet is always a treat.   The rooms are well furnished and clean. I stay at Hilton often and will again, though I've said it many times. There older hotels and rooms are in need of a refurbishment.   A hotel id recommend and will return to. ",Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
1522,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1520-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Stay for conference,"We stayed here for a conference, and location wise it could not be more a more ideal location with its proximity to the underground, overground, bus routes and Olympia The service was the normal very good Hilton service However having selected the room a few days before (as a HHilton honours member) arrived to find that I had been put in a different room, and that our order of extra towels were not carried over. We were also moved to a double rather that the twin we had ordered ( I was staying with my daughter) By then there were no free rooms ( for this we were given complimentary drinks in the bar). The room was slightly tatty, with limescale staining on the tiles, and rust spots on the bottom of the bath, there were stains on the carpet., so does need updating. The public…",Date of stay: February 2016,4.0
1523,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1520-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Outdated, over priced","Considering the price it was not good at all. The Lobby, Bar and Restaurant were all great but the room and service not so much. The room was draughty , and the only way to keep the room warm was through the Air Conditioning being kept on all night, which left me with headachs galore. Not to mention it was very noisy. WIFI didn't reach our room (Third floor) it was patchy at best and the fact you either have to pay for it or become member is a joke in this day an age. The staff were 50/50 , almost too proffesional, they should be told they can havea laugh and smile as much as they want. The 2 stars instead of 1 was gained back by a decent breakfast, and a decent location.  The price needs to be lowered, and the rooms updated massively.",Date of stay: March 2016,2.0
1524,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1520-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Five star more like one star,While staff were helpful rooms were old and grungy worst hotel room I've ever stayed in bath enamel was bubbling tiles were chipped and all grouting was dirty furniture old with missing veneer and when I reported through hilton online complaints system all I got was the would be sure to take it under advisement ,Date of stay: February 2016,1.0
1525,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1525-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Lovely Hotel,I booked this hotel as my hubby and I were going to see a show.  We were allowed to check in early and were given an upgraded room as it was my birthday and also given free wifi in our room.  The receptionist was really polite and the service was excellent.,Date of stay: March 2016,5.0
1526,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1525-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Love the bar,"Only came here to meet up with people in the bar but very impressed with the hotel and the staff. I don't think you would find a speck of dust anywhere, it was spotless. The staff were always very helpful when we asked them about the area, they know their whole drinks menu off by heart so could give recommendations on what to order. It is quite pricey so be careful what you drink.",Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
1527,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1525-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"This hotel is ok, if you have any work nearby otherwise pick some other hotel","This hotel is just ok not to great. If you are traveling from US, then this hilton would shock you compare to the standards in US. The rooms are small, crampy and bathroom is small. The soceity restaurant is very expensive. Take a train to Oxford Street and get some good food there. Also the bar is very expensive.",Date of stay: February 2016,3.0
1528,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1525-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Poor for such an expensive hotel,"I booked this hotel as it was near to where I needed to be. So so SO disappointed. Worst hotel I have stayed in. Room rate is over expensive and even though I was told I had been given a room upgrade it was absolutely no better than a premier inn !  The toiletries in the bathroom were half full, there was no price List for the mini bar, which had to be opened by reception, the bed is the uncomfiest I have slept on and I stay in hotels every week ! And the noise from outside was like sleeping on the m25 hard shoulder, where are the noise reduction Windows etc that most budget hotels have? I will NEVER EVER stay in this or any other Hilton hotel again. Surly staff who cannot be bothered to help.",Date of stay: March 2016,1.0
1529,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1525-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Cold cold cold,First room given hadn't been made up. Moved to another room. Air con broken only blowing cold had to call engineer who could only turn off. Went for dinner in society restaraunt.  Rude bar man. Ordered food starter brought to table where I was sat asked if I could move to a dining table given a look of discust.  Main didn't arrive waited 45 mins then asked to be told they thought I had left even thought I had ordered another drink. Offers my taste card didn't know what that was. On check out till didn't know but allowed to use it told me.as I had ben a guest it was ok but not if I had walked in. Not good. Location ideal for olympia so had to book again. Let's see if they get it better next time.,Date of stay: March 2016,3.0
1530,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1530-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Best location for Olympia shows & exhibitions,"This was the 2nd time staying at this hotel. Our room faced Kensington High Street and could be a little noisy. This room (409) felt cold even though the temperature control was set to 23C, and one window was distorted such that it was not closed properly and was letting in cold air!  I tried all possibilities to get the system to produce warm air - without success, and there were NO instructions on controlling it (Management please note). It would be very useful to have such instructions either on the wall beneath the programmer or in the hotel's information booklet. Apart from this, everything about the hotel is excellent. There are 3 lifts to all floors. The staff are friendly and helpful, the decor and furnishings are warm, and cleanliness is excellent. The breakfast…",Date of stay: February 2016,4.0
1531,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1530-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Large rooms but in need of serious renovation,"Let me start by saying that the staff are, in the main, very friendly and breakfast was delicious.  I'm a big fan of the Hilton group but this is not representative of their normal standard.  However, the room was very unattractive and not particularly welcoming after a long day.  Dark and dreary.  I felt like I was back in the 80's.  Bathroom was bright and new, with nice toiletries though.  Apparently there is a ""knack"" to getting to the restaurant - you need to choose the correct lift as only one goes to the restaurant floor (it's a mezzanine level).  This was not explained to me at all at reception - I only found out from another guest.  The very small lift to the restaurant (I was on the 7th floor so didn't feel like walking!) was taken over by service staff with a huge…",Date of stay: February 2016,3.0
1532,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1530-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Perfect Location,Attended the National Wedding Show at London Olympia and the hotel was the perfect distance away! The staff could not be more helpful and let me store my suitcase whilst I was at the show. Also close to Kensington Olympia Overground Station.,Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
1533,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1530-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Fab fab fab ,"Loved this hotel , visited with a friend who works for group. Dinner was excellent had steaks cooked to perfection. Out server Jessica was also very lovely and looked after us well. Room a good size felt a bit too tall for the showers though lol. Had access to the executive lounge everything there very good, a good selection of magazines. Breakfast buffi really good choice however was too overcrowded and coffee a bit cold. Otherwise staff was very quick to respond to needs and couldn't fault them. Can't wait to come back here again 😀",Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
1534,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1530-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Rooms stank of rodden water,"This is the worst hotel I've ever stayed at. And not something I expected from a Hilton. Rooms stank of rodden Waters, and left my eyes running. The services from the consierge and waiters was extremely poor. I will never come back.",Date of stay: February 2016,1.0
1535,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1535-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Travel Technology Europe 2016,"Visited London to attend the above from 23/2 to 26/2. The three nights were absolutely a delight to be at this hotel. The reception staff are helpful and provide proper guidance. After check in, staff from reception telephones us in the room to check if all was well and if we needed anything. Wifi is free for Hilton Honor members which is good but connectivity was erratic. Breakfast was good and staffs very friendly. The concierge was very helpful in guiding us which bus to take to go to Oxford Circus. Since we were departing at 3 am - I just called the reception to seek help with our luggage and in no time two staffs came to help us which was indeed very pleasant at that odd hour. I would recommend this hotel for anybody attending exhibition at Olympia. ",Date of stay: February 2016,4.0
1536,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1535-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Hard to believe it's a Hilton,If you have a preconceived idea of what a Hilton should look like you are in for a shock the moment you step off the elevator.  The place looks like it needed a major renovation about 30 years ago. Everything looks worn out and not particularly clean. The reason I didn't give it a terrible rating was the lobby and restaurant looked clean and modern and the wifi was good.  I can't believe Hilton allows it's name to be associated with property.,Date of stay: February 2016,2.0
1537,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1535-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,No value for money,"Good location next to the Olympia if you are attending an event there. If not, don't as shabby, old, worn out. Not up to what Hilton standards used to be. But unfortunately seeing more hotels of this brand not up to the standards and definitely no value for money. Single room is more of a corridor or a matchbox.",Date of stay: February 2016,2.0
1538,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1535-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Fantastic Venue Brilliant Staff,My stay at the Hilton Olympia was amazing. The staff were so helpful & pleasant there was nothing I asked that was accommodated for. The breakfast was beautiful with a gorgeous selection to choose from,Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
1539,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1535-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,The Hilton experience,"A reasonable good hotel very handy to Olympia centre, Underground car park £35 per day!! Rooms clean and comfortable, some rooms quite small. Good breakfast and bar area acceptable. Handy to underground at Olympia or Kensington High Street.",Date of stay: February 2016,4.0
1540,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1540-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Excellant Stay,"Stayed at the hotel this past weekend and cant fault my visit from check in to check out.  The room was spacious (for a London hotel), fresh and clean.  The staff were polite, happy to help and always made you feel welcome.  Used the hotel bar on all nights of my stay - Yes it was extremely busy, but felt that we we're dealt with promptly and for the amount of people ordering food I also felt that our wait time for our orders was minimal.  Breakfast was included with my room and there was a good choice to choose from and again couldn't fault it.    Thank-you for a wonderful stay and I look forward to using you again in the future.",Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
1541,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1540-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Ok for price paid,"Hilton London Olympia, when you hear this you may expect grander than what you get ! The double room was good in size, the bathroom was small but ok, 3/4 bath with shower over. The bed was king size and lovely and comfy. The room (339) was dark and dingy, it had a big frosted window and when I opened the window I realised why it was frosted. The window opened no more than 3 inches and was faced each side by more windows therefore no view and always dark in the room. It was sufficient as we were out all day long from 6.45am until after dark so for us not too big a problem although on our first day when we arrived during daylight hours it felt like night time when we were in the room. Had we paid the price on the Hilton website I would not have put up with the room and would have…",Date of stay: February 2016,3.0
1542,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1540-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,My first stay,"The staff, food & hotel were perfect for my first stay. The hotel itself is just in the right location to the venue I needed to go to & other shops that were needed for me during my stay. With how my stay was this time I'll happily stay at the Hilton Olympia again.",Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
1543,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1540-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Comfortable stay ,"I recently stayed with the Hilton for work purposes. The stay was good as the rooms are clean, tidy, quite spacious and has a large comfy bed.  The facilities in the room are as they are described on their website and therefore expectations are easily met. The restaurant for breakfast is also good. Service is good, although there was little in the way of explaining how the process worked and you was left to figure it out. Coffee's weren't replenished as you would assume and nothing to indicate whether you could take a newspaper from the bar for example, but apart from this aspect of service, the service was good and was always greeted with a smile ",Date of stay: February 2016,4.0
1544,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1540-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel,It is a nice hotel in the beating heart of kensington. U have the busses stopping close to the hotel that take u in to oxford street. Best way is an oyster card. The society bar in the hilton has an excellent staff and really nice cocktails.,Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
1545,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1545-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Waste of money, bad bad bad","Rooms were not cleaned until I asked twice! Was told 1 hr for room service, booked at 8pm, they delivered near midnight and food was stone cold and inedible. Staff were rude and had no interest in anything any of our party had to say. I enquired as to how much to park there, was told £x and ""nothing we can do either as we dont have anything to do with it"", but then offered to knock £20 off if i paid cash! When we asked directions to tube we were told out and right, walk about a mile, it was actually out and left! when we informed them they laughed! Room was small, untidy and nothing special, twin beds were tiny (like in a caravan) and duvets and pillows terrible.",Date of stay: February 2016,1.0
1546,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1545-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,����������,"I am extremely grateful for the staff whom we've interacted with this weekend. There are three honorable mentions @ Society Sorin, Yacine, and Mutinta who have taken great care of a large group with a large, dysFUNctional family. We are extremely grateful for your hospitality. Cheers. See you all, all too soon! WHOOP WHOOP  Stomps feet ""What are those?!?""",Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
1547,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1545-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Excellent Staff!,This is an efficient comfortable business hotel that has excellent staff that are so attentive and courteous. It is easy to get the fixtures and fittings right but staff can so often let a good hotel down. that certainly does not apply here. From check in to bar to restaurant the quality of the service was excellent! Would definitely stay again and recommennd to colleagues 1,Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
1548,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1545-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"If you are thinking you are going to live in Hilton, you are wrong","This is low-class Hilton. Either Hilton should take back the franchise or change the name of Hilton Olympia.  During check-in I swiped my card for the mini-bar but when at mid-night I was thirsty and wanted to drink the water, the mini-bar was all empty. I called the reception no one picked the phone then I went down the reception and there was no one. After 5 minutes someone appeared and I asked for the water. The reply was ""the water is not complimentary"". Who the hack has asked for the free water, I want it in the mini-bar and I gave you my credit card to use when needed.   ",Date of stay: February 2016,2.0
1549,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1545-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Excellent Staff and location,"Stayed here Feb 2016,  arrived early morning approx 08:30.  We were tired from flight from Australia and asked the staff if we could store our baggage.  Much to our surprise they said they had a room ready and allowed us to book in straight away!.  We stayed here for 4 days and found the staff brilliant.  The room was clean and comfortable and the breakfast was brilliant.  The location is good, the buses stop close by and the station is close also. Would stay here again",Date of stay: February 2016,4.0
1550,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1550-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Pure weekend,"Fantastic location for a business trip to Pure. Good Hotel, although looking now ""tired"" Staff can not be more helpful. Although many room and on the main road the hotel was very quite at night. I have stayed previously and will stay again.",Date of stay: February 2016,4.0
1551,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1550-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,No value for money,"Single rooms are tiny, bed / mattress unconfortable and worn out, leaky windows, cold coming in from outside, heating / air con incredibly loud, interior looks like a cheap hotel from the 70's, everything is old and worn down, just bad value for value",Date of stay: February 2016,1.0
1552,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1550-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Average ,"For a brand as Hilton this hotel is average. Room looked old, TV was broken and had to call twice and wait more then an hour for a fix. Had some problems checking in, breakfast wasn't arranged for next day even though I mentioned it at checkin. Checking out went all good. ",Date of stay: February 2016,3.0
1553,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1550-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Choose better,"There are only three good things about this hotel: its relatively low price for a London Hilton, its central location and its breakfast (absolutely delicious).  The rooms - I have stayed both in a Classic as well as in a Superior Executive - are in a deplorable and antiquated state. The wifi (in either rooms) was not working the signal was so poor. I recall that I had to stay until 2 am in the morning in the main restaurant to finish my work emails - the only place in the hotel with a good wifi signal.  The air conditioning in the 'superior' room was not working, the windows are not double glazed and, in February, it can get pretty chilly (I'm not even going to mention the noise level coming through from High St Kensington). I called the reception and reported the problem - you…",Date of stay: February 2016,3.0
1554,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1550-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Fit the bill,"A convenient location for Olympia and Kensington High Street. Very helpful and pleasant staff, good size rooms and good bed. The bathroom we had in need of upgrading, clean enough with nice towels but very small and no surfaces for anything. We would stay again for our business trip.",Date of stay: February 2016,4.0
1555,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1555-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Brilliant hotel in the heart of London.,"I stayed here on a recent trip to London and was very impressed. The person with whom i travelled with had been to the hotel before and commented on its recent decor update which was very stylish. The room was very nice, we had a double deluxe room, and it included a king size bed. The room also included white robes, and tv and coffee facilities. The room was very clean and well finished off. we had no complaints. The concierge were very helpful and looked after our bags on the final day so we did not have to carry them around with us.   The hotel is about 10 minutes walking distance from Hammersmith, Earl's Court, Barons Court and High Street Kensington tube stations. The station right next door to the hotel, Kensington olympia is only open on weekends and public holidays so…",Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
1556,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1555-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Location is everything if exhibiting at Olympia,"I've stayed at the hotel fairly regularly over the past three years.  My rooms have always been clean, and whilst curtains and some furniture have been updated, the carpets and hallways have not and are very dated.  The rooms that I have stayed in have always been reasonably sized and the beds are always comfortable BUT the bathrooms need some serious improvement.  Every room I have stayed in over the past three years has had a shower over bath.  I don't object to this on principle if there is sufficient water flow and ample hot water, but it is a problem when at 5'7"" I can't get the shower head high enough to be able to wash my hair.  Room service is adequate.  I don't tend to eat in the hotel restaurant as there is a costa coffee on the ground floor where I can get better tea…",Date of stay: January 2016,3.0
1557,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1555-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Never AGAIN.,"Right so it’s taken me some time to write this review as I wanted to collect my thoughts. So the Olympia has just recently had a refurb. The only sign of a refurb is to the main reception Lobby area and the bar. The rest of the hotel is out-dated very 80’s theme decor.  Some of the rooms have undergone a makeover, but really this is only a few pieces of new furniture. The carpets are still old and the bathroom has been untouched. This is a shame as the it feels like they have really cut corners and it’s a dam shame that a brand such as the Hilton would do such a shoddy job just to say that ‘we have new refurbished rooms’.  Apparently I had a new refurbished room but it didn’t feel like it.  The check-in process was quick and easy. Soon as you leave the lobby you automatically…",Date of stay: January 2016,1.0
1558,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1555-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Location is key,"Working a Olympia for three days this is the perfect location ,my single roon was OK size for London and everywhere is clean and tidy .looking a little dated in parts but hides it well .just does the job in working in London .plenty of reasturants in walking distance and transport links good .not for a romantic weekend but does what it does.",Date of stay: February 2016,4.0
1559,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1555-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Won't be returning,"Have stayed here several times over the years due to business at the Olympia exhibition centre. It just seems to be worse every time I return, twice I have booked a twin room but ended up with a double, had to change rooms more than once due to the size! I'm not one to complain usually but had to this time. The queue for breakfast was massive! The poor staff are run off their feet and do work hard. Staff are friendly enough, but just don't like the feel of the hotel anymore! ",Date of stay: February 2016,2.0
1560,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1560-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Needs some leadership,"We stayed here for 3 nights from 12th February. Lobby, reception and bar areas are all very nice but the pleasant surroundings end as soon as you step into the lift. Going up in the lift to the 6th floor was like travelling in a time machine back to the 1980s. Lifts, corridors and all woodwork has seen better days. Scratches, scuffs and peeling wall paper could all be addressed with some TLC to make it less noticeable. The room itself has probably been upgraded some time ago but still is starting to show its age. The bathroom however was very dated and you could see where the 'not so handy man' had tried to paper over the cracks with bits of silicone on every chipped and cracked tile. The bath was also covered in yellow and brown stains. Not a room I'd like to spend very much…",Date of stay: February 2016,3.0
1561,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1560-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Nice location but let down in too many areas to warrant a recommendation,"Stayed here, whilst taking in a show in Hammersmith. On arrival at reception we were told we had an upgrade (very welcome) but on arriving at our room it all seemed pretty standard, so I dread to think what an ordinary room was like. The TV didn't work (poor reception and the picture kept on pixilating a disappearing). We reported this twice but nothing happened. Breakfast was average with nobody explaining 'what was where' for those visiting for the first time (as we were). Unless you've won the lottery avoid the bar, as after the show, 2 drinks and 2 coffees cost in excess of £30!!!! I know hotels have to make a mark up but I could have brought 2 bottles of spirits and a jar of coffee for less than that! The car park was good and at £30 or so, for overnight parking this was…",Date of stay: January 2016,3.0
1562,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1560-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,so so stay,"Hotel was ok, if you have walking issues or disability then floor 5 is no good. Room was a bit narrow and we seemed to overlook a street that had a lot of racing cars, motorbikes in the early hours. We got the room at a decent price for London so all in all not bad, but probably wouldn't stay again. Bar was quite expensive. A bit meh to be honest but good for just a 'base'.",Date of stay: February 2016,3.0
1563,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1560-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,going to the royal albert hall or Olympia,"only 2 stops on the tube or a half hour walk ls not far from Olympia if that is your destination .Friendly welcome, good rooms, great executive lounge . Quieter end of Kensington High street. Good representation of what you expect from a HIlton",Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
1564,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1560-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Quiet room in a nice area,"I had a great experience here in Feb 2016.  The hotel itself is about 15 minutes walk from High Street Kensington Station, you could probably get a taxi for a couple of pounds or a bus but I recommend the walk as it's a nice area with a lot of small businesses and unique shops along the way.    I arrived in London a little earlier than the check-in time so I gave the hotel a call and they were able to allocate my room early for me which was great.  Upon arrival at the hotel (which has a fantastic reception area) the staff greeted me courteously and the lady I'd spoken to on the phone recognised it was me and made sure I was checked in swiftly.    My room was on the 5th floor. You can tell it's an old building when you get leave reception as there is a lot of wood panelling, and…",Date of stay: February 2016,4.0
1565,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1565-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Just above average hotel,"The good bits: good breakfast, quick and efficient reception, decent bar area and good location for Olympia.  The not-so-good bits: room was very warm and even with the temperature set to cool, it was very, very warm; the bedroom window was frosted and couldn't be opened and finally, the shower was very weak. Not great.   In summary, convenient for Olympia, but needs to address some of the basics...",Date of stay: February 2016,3.0
1566,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1565-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Can be noisy,"Overall the hotel is ok. Its in the City so will be busy. The staff are very good and the rooms not bad, just could do with updating a bit. But the thing to avoid is the rooms near the main road as the noise goes on into the morning. There seems little soundproofing?",Date of stay: February 2016,3.0
1567,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1565-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,City travel,"My experience at the Hilton was remarkable. conveniently placed in the centre of all amenities.  easy access to points of interest.  The staff, accommodation and food was excellent. I will certainly keep coming back!",Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
1568,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1565-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Fine location, old hotel","The hotel has good service and great location, but it is old and the rooms are dark and not at the level you would expect from that level of pricing. again, the staff does a good job and the location is very good",Date of stay: February 2016,3.0
1569,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1565-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,I would never stay here again,"Rude staff, poor quality rooms, The worst part was how rude front desk staff were to me and my colleagues. Completely unhelpful. The bar staff were equally unhelpful! The room furniture was old and poorly maintained. the bathroom was tired and the shower curtain was mis-fitted and the shower soaked the bathroom floor",Date of stay: February 2016,1.0
1570,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1570-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Night Away,"Great service from staff, rooms were big and clean. Bar area was big and friendly, restaurant was busy but staff were very quick to clear and allocate tables. Check in and out was quick and efficient.",Date of stay: December 2015,5.0
1571,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1570-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,average and dated - but good location,"stayed while i attended the meeting show in the summer, the hotel is very dated, and need a good update, and in line with most hiltons and london hotles is expensive for what you get, but location wise there's no better place if your visiting the exhibition centre next door as i was, plus the staff were, as par with Hilton hotels, polite and friendly",Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
1572,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1570-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Dated Hilton,"Not the worst looking Hilton I've been to, but it's definitely up there in showing its age. The interior and exterior are reflective of this. Don't expect any decent views from the location of the hotel.   Rooms are large, compared to some boutique 4 star hotels I've stayed at. Good sized, plush and comfortable beds. Bathrooms are also spacious with good amenities supplied. Great plush towels, but missing the robes and slippers expected when staying at a good Hilton hotel. Expect other usual creature comforts a 4 star hotel offers, such as working desk and chairs for lounging around in, electronic safe, flat screen TV, ironing board and roomy wardrobe.  There is a modern gym open 24 hours with water and towels for guests. Good friendly staff, both at concierge and reception.  …",Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
1573,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1570-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Francesco the king,"We were at the bar,  we had the worst Day. But then,  at my lowest point stood,  stood tall and strong. Stood Francesco the best bartender I ever met.  With a smile,  and mostly the best personality around. He made me smile. Made me happy. We were hungry? Food arrived with out ordering.  Where is the music?  My favorite song was on his phone. This guy was was always one step ahead of us.  Francesco U R THE MAN",Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
1574,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1570-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"""needs makeover""","Stayed for a short break in this hotel. The location was good as it is convenient, but the hotel itself was a bit awful. The furnitures in the room was all very old, marks and scratches  all over and everywhere. The door is making an enormous cracking sound that wakes me up every time somebody is closing their door. Our room was facing the road and the noise that is coming from the road was hard to ignore. The bed is  very noisy too and shows age. Cleanliness pretty average. The only positive in this hotel is the breakfast, good selection and coffee was great.",Date of stay: January 2016,3.0
1575,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1575-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Great Hotel Handy for the Exhibitions,Stayed in this hotel for one night when visiting Olympia. Perfectly positions practically next door. its proximity to the tube/overground station makes it a handy base for seeing the sights in the worlds greatest City. Will be returning here next time too.,Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
1576,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1575-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Average,"I stayed here with my boyfriend in August 2015 for a short break in London.  The location of the hotel is a short walk from the nearest tube station in a nice area.   Unfortunately I felt that the hotel does not live up to the Hilton standard that I have experienced in other Hilton hotels.  Our room had a small window, with a view of a brick wall.  The corridors have a stale, smoky smell on the upper floors and it felt very much like we were in a different hotel than suggested by the clean and grand entrance hall.",Date of stay: August 2015,3.0
1577,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1575-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Needs improvement,Me and my boyfriend booked this hotel while we visited London for a little holiday. We were originally going to stay in a standard hotel due to pricing but because my boyfriend works for Hilton we got a good deal.   When we arrived the lady who checked us in had very poor English and didn't explain anything about what was entitled to us as a staff member. Luckily my boyfriend had spoke to his HR department at his workplace.  We then got a costa but felt uncomfortable when she said you don't get staff discount. We went and double checked with reception who then had to speak to a different member of staff who then had to speak to a manager to find out what we were entitled to.Good product knowledge .....  We then went to our room once we knew we get half price on food and drink.…,Date of stay: January 2016,2.0
1578,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1575-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Expensive and tired.... The hotel, not me!","Stayed for one night on business in fen 2016. The hotel is tired and ready for a refurb but the staff are polite and helpful. My room was very cold, draughty, with broken window catches and very noisy with traffic below. The restaurant food is ok, not much choice and some of the portion size was very small. Restaurant/bar staff excellent though. I had an early start and had to opt for 'breakfast in a box' - unfortunately, a pastry, 2 muffins and an apple is not breakfast in my book so I was very disappointed. Not a great experience I'm afraid and for £130.... I won't be staying again.",Date of stay: February 2016,2.0
1579,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1575-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Incredibly disappointed not what you expect from hilton,"Still in my room but will change in the morning only staying in it as its late  and I don't want to pack at this time of night. . Ghastly is too kind feel like I am in a 1960's bedstead with broken windows as the road noise is so bad. Just rang reception and they are  going yo try and find me a new room tomorrow I will be checking out if they don't. Reception and front of house is nice and plush but rest of the floor where I am is tired beyond belief , room has a stale smell curtains are what my mother had in 1972. Good location but so far disappointed beyond belief I was going to stay in Hilton hotel in central London and travel in so wish I had , I have another night which at this moment in time I won't be taking",Date of stay: February 2016,1.0
1580,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1580-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Rooms are small for the money,"I have stayed here a number of times.  It is what you would expect from a main luxury hotel - large bar, restaurant, and gym but the rooms are quite small and you can get much bigger rooms at other equivalent local hotels for the same or less money.",Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
1581,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1580-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Very Good,"While lacking some of the glitz of its 5-Star companions, this 4-Star Hilton makes up with comfort and customer service. I booked 2 nights in a standard guest room, resisting the offers to ‘upgrade’ and found the room perfectly adequate. Quiet, comfortable, clean and spacious with ample hanging and storage space the accommodation included everything you’d expect plus a little more; wide screen TV, Internet access, ironing board and iron, tea and coffee (with biscuits!) in-room safe, hair drier as well as a mini-bar and well-stocked bathroom.  This hotel is well placed for the Olympia exhibition centre but a bit out of the way for anything else; the nearest station being served by only Overground services on week days.  On the days I booked the hotel rates were extremely good, if…",Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
1582,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1580-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Enjoyable stay,Weekend stay so Olympia tube station open. Long walk to Kensington High St station however if not! Room typical Hilton but good size by London standards. Clean but carpet showing a little sign of wear. Breakfast deal good value and of good quality. Ate in Society restaurant on one night with good food at reasonable price. All in all a very enjoyable stay. ,Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
1583,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1580-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Great in everyway,"Great hotel, great room with very large super comfy bed we were on the 8th floor and room was really big, amazing breakfast (try the Nutella muffins) great selection of hot food as well as cold. Handy enough location and only ten mins to Westfield shopping centre. All in all a very happy customer and would return no problems. ",Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
1584,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1580-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Tired...very very tired!,friendly staff but beyond the lobby and the bar the hotel is very tired. My colleague had to change rooms due to his original room having a strong smell of urine. good location for London Olympia though and the food is pretty good,Date of stay: January 2016,2.0
1585,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1585-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Business stay,"I regularly stay at this hotel as it's useful for office location. Occasionally I eat dinner, generally from the bar menu and its quality is generally good although the menu is limited. Service can be slow as the bar staff are not that good at spotting someone sitting down at a table. Rooms are clean although some can be bit tight for space.  Breakfast is self service buffet and has lots to choose from.",Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
1586,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1585-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Nice comfortable hotel ideal for Olympia.,"We used this hotel for visiting The France show at Olympia, very comfortable, our room was good, bath tub was a bit tired and small but apart from that no complaints!  Staff were very pleasant and we had good food.",Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
1587,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1585-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Great hotel great staff love it be back for sure ,Great place great staff loved the place I will be back again soon every one and the staff so accommodating you guys are great keep up the good work. The staff asked me if I needed any help and proved It i needed guidance helped me on that aspect us well it was so good i don't want to go but I will come back again.,Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
1588,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1585-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Good location ,Room was a executive Kind with large comfortable bed but the room needed attention looking very tired but the staff friendly and beds clean. If your heading to the Olympia it's a fantastic location only 2 minute walk. I would recommend you add the executive lounge entrance as from 6/8pm they have free drinks and nibbles and with alcohol prices in London you only need a few glass of red and the costs covered.  Would stay again if heading to Olympia otherwise find somewhere else.. ,Date of stay: January 2016,3.0
1589,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1585-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Great hotel in a quieter Kensington district,"Stayed there for one night with breakfast"" no complaints. Breakfast excellent. Had an evening meal, very good with a good choice. Air conditioning was on had to move as it was cold, only complaint.Staff very accommodating.. We went to see a show so near for access.",Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
1590,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1590-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Typical corporate hotel,Good food both breakfast and room service. Eventual room ok though air con fan noisy even when switched off.  Helpful staff when dealing with room problem.  Rooms and corridor areas all feel tired and in need of refurbishment.,Date of stay: January 2016,3.0
1591,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1590-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,A good short stay,"Stayed here for three nights whilst in London on business. My request for a quieter room was accommodated (having arranged a very late check in for the first night). Very happy with the room I was allocated. It wa so quiet that I soon forgot that I was in a very busy part of London. The housekeeping staff were very friendly, efficient and attentive when I requested things such as additional tea and coffe making items.   In summary it was a very comfortable ,stress-free and most importantly, productive few days.  I shall definitely return.",Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
1592,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1590-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,The pits,"Basically the place is ""knackered"". This hotel is awful. Staff are nice on the front desk but don't seem to (or don't want to) recognise how bad the rooms are. Bathroom ceiling in the shower is too low so bang head on the top when showering. Wow! This cannot be a 4* hotel.",Date of stay: January 2016,1.0
1593,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1590-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,10/10 for customer service,My husband and I had a 3 night stay in mid January. We found the front of house team and receptionists to be extremely professional and always willing to help. We stayed in room 801. A beautiful room with the most comfortable bed we have ever slept in. We stayed mid week using the Earls Court tube station. Both the Victoria and Hammersmith & Circle lines run from Earls Court making Central London a one stop journey. The tube station is a 15 minute stroll away. I understand that at the weekend the Olympia Line is operational which is less than 5 minutes on foot. They're a number of bars and eateries in close proximity for those that don't wish to venture into the big city. All in all a memorable stay 😄,Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
1594,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1590-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Very good stay.,I was here on business for a 2 night stay and found all elements of my stay very good. Clean comfortable room. Very pleasant staff. good all round service. I would highly recommend a stay here. convenient for central London too.,Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
1595,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1595-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Convenient,"I've stayed here with work whilst exhibiting at the Kensington Olympia. The rooms are comfortable and large, and is very convenient for the Olympia. It is in a great location for the shops and restaurants on Kensington High Street, however there is a bus stop right outside which offers services into Central London as well.   Overall I would recommend staying here if you need to be near the Olympia",Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
1596,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1595-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Suited the purpose....,"Just a 10 minute taxi ride from Paddington Station, excellent location for us as we were in London to attend to Olympia Horse Show, and the Olympia arena was just 20 minute walk away. On checking in we were upgraded and had use of the executive lounge and wifi in our room, so we glady made use of this, having an afternoon tea before going to the show. Our room was clean and spacious, although the bathroom looked a little out dated and not really the quality you'd expect from a Hilton. The following morning I was disappointed to find no hair dryer in the room, on checking whilst checking out this should have been there.  Getting taxi outside was no problem.  Overall the hotel suited our purpose, and despite the lack of a hair dryer, we had a lovely stay.",Date of stay: December 2015,3.0
1597,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1595-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Great Location but v noisy,"I was working at a show in Olympia so the location was brilliant.  The staff were helpful, and the decor nice enough but it was so noisy I hardly got any sleep, door banging as people came into and out of their rooms until 2am, bottles being emptied outside, beeping from a lorry reversing - and I was staying on the 7th floor!",Date of stay: January 2016,3.0
1598,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1595-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Urgently need renovation,"Regrettably Stayed for one night on October 31,2015..............  High floors looks like a maze...Not a purpose built hotel.  Rooms are very small ( even compared to other London Hilton hotels ) .   Every thing looks old / out dated.  The smiles of the reception staff doesn't hide the fact that this hotel need a complete renovation / refurbishment.  Not recommend at all.",Date of stay: September 2015,2.0
1599,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1595-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Good location, good bargain - but not up to Hilton standard","booked through web site and got  a good deal for one night - the plus side - number 10 bus stops outside and goes right in to Oxford St where I was meeting my friends.  Not so good -  most awful wifi service -  was trying to catch up on some work but no use as crashed, crashed, crashed again -- and could only get connected on phone, not iPad.  Noisy - have stayed in many hotels on main roads but normally there is double glazing etc - not here.  Heating went from hot to boiling or off Room had recently been painted so very 'paint fume filled' Shower over the bath - OK for me as am 5ft - but anyone 5.5 or above, no chance as ceiling very low.  so not a very restful night  I did ring reception but not much help.  Stayed in many Hiltons and really poor standard",Date of stay: January 2016,2.0
1600,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1600-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Nightmare start,"We booked a twin non smoking room, the room they gave us was a double very tired smoking room. When we entered the room the phone rang and it was reception asking if we wanted to be moved? We said we did as the room wasn't what we booked, they gave us a key to another room, and on entering it, it was clear that it was being used, unclean, bed sheets everywhere etc, on complaining they offered us a junior suite, but this room was freezing! and consisted of a queen bed and a sofa bed, an engineer finally arrived but couldn't fix the heating, so we were finally given the room we originally booked, a twin non smoking. We decided to eat in the hotel as our evening had been ruined, although the food was lovely, once we were shown to our table we were ignored, and had to find a member…",Date of stay: January 2016,1.0
1601,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1600-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Avoid for business; fine for leisure,"I stayed here on a 4-night business trip in the Kensington area.  I chose a Hilton based on my positive experience at other Hiltons/Doubletrees in London. Here are a few of the issues that I was disappointed to encounter during my stay, which may be fine for leisure travelers but I didn't have time to deal with as a business traveler, when I need more convenience:  1) No heat.  The day I checked in, I phoned the front desk 3 times about the fact that there was no heat in the room. I was literally sitting at the desk working, wearing my wool coat.  In all 3 occasions, Maintenance never showed.  Finally someone at the desk sent a portable heater and that worked very well to keep the room warm all night. 2)  Shower.  On the 2nd day, I turned on the shower and water came spewing out…",Date of stay: January 2016,2.0
1602,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1600-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Lovely comfy bed great staff,"We were exhibiting at Olympia and chose hotel because of location. Hotel was modern - bar area really nice. Staff were really nice, friendly and efficient - def a credit to the hotel. The room was fairly big - bed really comfy - we were on the 8th floor overlooking Holland Rd. Bathroom not v modern but functional. Would've given a five star but as we stayed over a Saturday night it was really noisy outside with police sirens and boy racers. Obviously not hotels fault but could've done with better noise insulation. ",Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
1603,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1600-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Nice location, but terrible staff","Let me start off by saying that I stay at Hilton hotels very frequently. I find the vast majority of their properties to be pleasant and good quality. This Hilton is OK as far as the hotel goes. The elevators are extremely small, and the lobby area is not very large either, but it's quaint and sufficient. The Executive lounge is actually quite nice and the breakfast is good. At night they have small plate options and several bottles of pour your own alcohol as well as beer. However, I was told by the front desk that I received an upgraded room, and if that is true I would hate to see a non-upgraded room. The room is outdated and EXTREMELY small. I've had bigger rooms for a cheaper price in New York City. The bathroom counterspace is virtually non-existent and several of my lamps…",Date of stay: January 2016,2.0
1604,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1600-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Pleasant stay,"I stayed here for one night with my husband. The room was clean and had the usual facilities. Service was fine, staff were friendly. Bed was comfortable. Its on kensington high street so location is good as there are a number of restaurants nearby and Westfield not too far away. Bus stops are also nearby to get you to many places. Room service food was pretty expensive but ok. Would stay again if i needed too.",Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
1605,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1605-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Great spot to stay,Only stayed one night but enjoyed my stay & would recommend it & happily stay there again.  Didn't take long to get from the M4 to the hotel by car & then a 20 minute drive into Central London. Olympia more or less next door then a 10 minute walk left out of the hotel brings you to shops & a few restaurants. Nice park along the way. A Sainsburys 2 minute walk for cheaper snacks than the ones in the hotel bedroom.  My room was small but adequate for just me. Shower powerful but didn't realise I only had one bathtowel after I got out of the shower-too late then to ring for some more! Areas around the lift were looking quite shabby on the 6th flloor. A lick of paint would make a big difference.  Small shop in the foyer.  Restaurant on the first floor had a nice open aspect & was…,Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
1606,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1605-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Hilton hotels,"I have never had any  problems with any Hilton hotel but the London Olympia staff really know how to make you welcome. They always have time for you, answer any questions straight away as they know there job and always have a smile",Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
1607,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1605-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Good quality stay,"Stayed for 2 nights and rate booked day before was way better at £129 a night than the other Hilton's in the London area. The hotel although from the exterior looks quite old fashioned its had a refurb recently inside and is very smart. The check in staff were friendly and I stayed in an executive room on floor 7 which was spacious and clean and tidy and looked like it had recently have a spring clean decoration wise.  I ate in the society bar one evening and food was adequate for the price paid & pleasant surroundings. The second night I used room service which was prompt also and decent quality.  Exec lounge is nice, plenty of snacks and staff were pleasant - it was nice to see the staff policing it and asking room numbers. So many times I see these abused and the many hotels…",Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
1608,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1605-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Loved it,Spent 4 nights in this hotel in an executive room where the room was well maintained  and the most comfortable pillows and bed... The buffet breakfast and the executive lounge was good value . Will come back again.,Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
1609,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1605-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,nice hotel disappointing room,"I selected the hotel for its location. The Reception staff and food quality were good, DIY breakfast choices good, service prompt. Sadly my room was more tired than I was with no water and a few repairs req'd.",Date of stay: January 2016,3.0
1610,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1610-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Noisy,Stayed one night in a double room on the 2nd floor. Whilst the room was pretty standard. Nothing to complain about it was very noisy. The noise came from Ken High Street traffic. The hotel is near to a busy junction and the local emergency services kept me awake with their two tones. The hotel must know about the noise and could easily rectify it with decent well fitting Windows IMO.   I paid £92 for the room on an advance booking offer which I thought was reasonable for a hotel in that area. The £39.50 I had to shell out for breakfast left a sour taste though. I only had a bowl of muesli and a coffee!!,Date of stay: January 2016,3.0
1611,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1610-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Hilton London Olympia Hotel With Brilliant Staff And Excellent Service,We had 2 short stays between Christmas and the New year and on both visits we had brilliant levels of service from all the staff special mention to Patrica and Penny on reception who gave us outstanding level of service they are true Ambassadors to the hotel we also had excellent service in the Executive Lounge from Sandra and Mathius  they really are true professionals special mention to all the staff in the dinning room at breakfast who again excelled in the level of service also my little friend the older Chef on the cooking station he his brilliant and the quality of the food excellent the most brilliant choice and all very high quality food.Our room 811 with dual aspect outlook was great and in excellent decorative order just looked like it had been redecorated and bathroom…,Date of stay: December 2015,5.0
1612,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1610-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Great hotel, great location! Excellent service!",I stayed at the Hilton London Olympia while visiting London on business. The hotel has a great location about ten minutes from several tube stations. There is also a direct bus from St. Pancras International that stops right in front of the hotel. The staff is super friendly and the amenities are excellent. I will definitely stay there again during my next visit. Thank you.,Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
1613,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1610-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Good location ,"From Heathrow take the picadilly line and alight at Hammersmith,  from there buses 9 and 10 stop right in front of the hotel. The best thing about this hotel is its location: you can easily access everywhere . The olympia  is a 5 minutes walk. The olympia overground station also. But I didn't need to use the tube because bus 10 from Hammersmith to King's Road  passed through Hyde Park,  Oxford Street etc.  Westfield mall is just 10 minutes ride away by bus too. Just take left and a mins walk to the bus stop and C3 and 49 takes you to the mall. Kensington high Street starts a few meters  from the hotel so if you don't want the crowd in the malls or on Oxford Street you have a lot of shops including Harrods close by.  The hotel itself is a outdated.  The first problem I had, they…",Date of stay: December 2015,3.0
1614,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1610-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Great Hotel,Arrived to a very warm welcome Nice room its worth upgrading to an executive room -the lounge was very good . Very nice complimentary food served -great service  Only problem the bedroom had wafer thin walls so was v noisy with a bunch of guys next door! that was just bad luck  bed v v comfy and everywhere clean Best breakfast   On checking out Emanuele very freindly  efficient and helpful,Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
1615,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1615-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Excellent Stay,"I found the stay at this hotel excellent. The staff were helpful and polite, rooms were clean, fresh and I have excellent night sleep. The Location is brilliant as the tube station is only down the high street and there is 24 hour bus service which is 100m down from the hotel.   Thank you for the excellent stay and I will be back!!",Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
1616,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1615-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Nice and clean,"Excellent service. Nice restaurant and good food. I found a really clean hotel. The room might be a bit outdated, however they are clean and fully equipped (iron, hairdryer, minibar). WiFi might not work sometimes, but it is something we can all live without. Breakfast was good. The hotel is well located. ",Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
1617,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1615-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Hilton Olympia- Not so Hilton at all,"Being a Hilton, i expect more. Only 1 front desk is at the counter. I arrive on 27Dec with a group , only 1 frontdesk is available to assist, before she can assist me there is still 2-3 more to checked in. I also requested for a porter to have the luggage/s brought inside as there are no parking for our coach, The porter who handle our baggage (also just 1 person) are grumpy and are not careful with the luggages.  My rooms are dark , small , smell of molds & cigarette. We stay here for 2 nights and for that 2 nights i always got lost going to my rooms, being at the far corner, i have to pass through so many corridors before reaching my room.  My room is also situated near the street, so you can really hear all the cars outside.  Bathroom space are big, but they don't give any…",Date of stay: December 2015,3.0
1618,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1615-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Always stay here for exhibitions.,"I always stay here when I visit for various exhibitions at Olympia. It is another fantastic Hilton in London. The rooms are spacious and beds comfortable. Large televisions in rooms and very nice shower. It's a short 2 minute walk to Olympia from the front door. For anyone visiting the exhibition centre I would recommend here. Breakfast was excellent, newspapers are available as well. I haven't tried the dinner menu but would be surprised if it wasn't good. ",Date of stay: May 2015,5.0
1619,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1615-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Great hotel and location with friendly staff,"I have stayed in Hilton Olympia on two instances once in June and once in August-September for a total of more than 2 weeks. I keep coming back to this hotel because of its friendly staff. Rooms are as expected in a Hilton - all very good. But its going the extra mile, giving some welcome upgrades to loyal customers and super helpful staff in the Executive Lounge - these perks make this hotel little bit more special. Though I have stayed across many Hiltons in London, the one at Olympia definitely deserves a special mention. And of course the location is posh - plenty of restaurants, shopping places all around. The nearest tube station High Street Kensington is also not far away. Overall, I would definitely recommend this hotel if you are looking to stay in a good location and…",Date of stay: August 2015,4.0
1620,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1620-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Good.,I have stayed here many times. Next to the Olympia Exhibition  center.Rooms are renovated.The bathroom needs a bit of brush up super markets and restaurants within five minutes walking distance.The service is good. ,Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
1621,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1620-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Want great service - stay here then,Amazing staff at this hotel.  Reception Experience fantastic even with the most simple of questions.  Great experience and close to transport.  Restaurant and Bar good options too.  The breakfast experience is amazing.  Lots of options and personal service with coffee/tea and juice.  Well worth price paid.,Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
1622,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1620-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Wedding anniversary Nov 2015,"We stayed here under the secret hotel purchase so I believe it was very good value for money.  We opted out of having breakfast as we planned to go to my old dutch (yummy!).  The hotel manager upgraded our room as it was our anniversary celebrations, this was a lovely touch and much appreciated.  The service in this hotel is impeccable and as I would expect of a hilton. We were checked in without hassle and given directions for the underground.  We had table service for our late night cocktails, this was slightly slow but the bar area was busy.  We ordered room service and even though this was outside of thier room service hours they agreed to provide is with soup and Sandwich options.  Unfortunately this took them an hour to deliver but they apologies profusely and didn't…",Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
1623,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1620-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Old fashioned hotel,"Most of staff are nice and friendly and offered help. The hotel is quite old fashioned and the room is a bit small. The room looks really not fresh, need refubishment. Not a standard Hilton hotel.  The location is ok with good bus service, easy to access bus stops.  Easty access to Gatwich airport also.",Date of stay: January 2016,3.0
1624,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1620-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,A top class hotel at a snip of a price,"Stayed recently on our trip to London and once again we were not disappointed. Some people say the hotel is dated, I say it is in the style of its time which in itself is great to see. Very friendly staff, excellent location for getting out and about and for me it has the advantage of having a smoking room .......for me it doesn't get any better than this.",Date of stay: November 2015,5.0
1625,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1625-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Great Hotel ,"We Stayed for 1 night (New Years Eve). The Hotel was lovely and clean , receptionist was very welcoming and we were able to check in 3hoours early..lovely view from floor 7!! great choice for breakfast aswell which was a bonus after a few drinks the night before!! Ideal location for travelling in and around the area...so easy to get to theatre land!! Would recommend and will definitely be back!! ",Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
1626,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1625-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,awful room and poor concierge staff,"The room was tiny, uncomfortable, and not well-maintained. It needed to be renovated badly. However, the lobby was nice and updated and there were several nice restaurants nearby within walking distance. The concierge staff was rude.",Date of stay: January 2016,1.0
1627,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1625-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,I little dated on the inside but still really enjoyed our stay.,"Just came back from a great three night stay here over New Year's weekend.  OK, the hotel is a little dated on the inside but it's still very clean and well maintained.  It must be built like a fortress with solid floors given my young daughters run/walk like Clydesdales and you don't hear their stomping.  The one bad was we couldn't receive a wifi signal in our room on the 5th floor.  Penny worked very hard to offer us alternatives which *I* ultimately declined (I didn't feel like moving at that point so I can't ding them for that).    I booked an executive room to ensure access to the Executive Lounge rather than chance a Gold upgrade.  I loved the full-sized windows with Christmas trees overlooking Kensington High St.  It was very cozy with a dedicated computer, morning…",Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
1628,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1625-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Great location for London international horse show,"We recently attended the London International Horse Show, this being our 6th year of attending the show but out first year stating at this hotel, just the best location to Olympia by far. At arrival early we were greeted by a very welcoming reception person, thoughtful and understanding that we were early, to our amazement our rooms were ready, which really helped, especially after an early start , long journey and what was going to be a late finish.  Our room was OK not quite to the standard I was expecting of this standard of hotel, but as I Say OK. We had a corner room which over looked Olympia, this helped build the excitement for the day, the shower was limited in height! I'm only 5'8"" but my head was touching the ceiling! Be aware if you are much taller! But as we were…",Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
1629,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1625-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"I have to be honest, so ticked the ‘average’ rating","I am a Hilton lover, so it pains me to have to give this one an average.  Whilst the reception area has a grand feel with a great bar up a short flight of steps and a Costa coffee situated in the reception area, this feeling soon disappears when you get to your room.  Unfortunately the rooms do not match the great entrance and seem to be trapped in late Eighties décor.  This said Hiltons choice of bed, linen and pillows are fantastic and you get a great night’s sleep.  We upgrade for £40 per night to a suite and had ‘in room’ free Wi-Fi and breakfast in the executive lounge, however under normal circumstances I find hotels charging for Wi-Fi a modern day crime, as this is as essential as running water this day in age.  The parking cost £35 for 24 hrs and we could not find any…",Date of stay: December 2015,3.0
1630,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1630-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Very very average ,"You come into this amazing lobby with great staff, we upgraded to a deluxe double which cost us £30 extra and free wifi so we was expecting great things. The room was very very average! Bathroom was nice and everything was reasonably clean but the bed, a mattress with a bed frame which instead of slats or a normal divan bed it had wooden boards screwed into the frame!  So uncomfortable and noisy! The breakfast was great but the room let it down and for the price we paid a premier inn would be so much better! ",Date of stay: January 2016,3.0
1631,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1630-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,OK but it's all looking a bit tired,"We booked to stay at this hotel via Lastminute.com on a secret hotels deal which means you get a competitive rate and the guarantee of a minimum 3 star hotel but you don't know where you are staying until after you have booked.  On arrival, which was a good 15 minute walk (albeit on a straight road) from Kensington High Street underground station, we were greeted by a lovely gentleman who checked us in. So far so good. The reception area was great - spacious and clean - and it promised good things.  Our room was on the 5th floor and there were plenty of lifts in service so not an issue. Our room was a very good size and the bed was comfortable and as a base for our evening out everything seemed good. However on closer inspection the issues with the room some became apparent. …",Date of stay: December 2015,3.0
1632,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1630-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Anniversary break,"We visited the London Olympia for 3 nights to celebrate our anniversary. The hotel was clean, reception were very friendly Penny & Patricia took time out to explain all about the local transport to get out and about. & nothing was too much trouble. Rooms had everything we needed with air conditioning. It was located on Kensington High street. The number 9 or 10 bus stops outside the hotel and will take you in to the main areas, it runs 24 hrs a day and run every 10 mins. The tube station is a 10/15 Min walk away too. We used a Oyster card and was really easy to get around. Kensington high street has a few shops  and restaurants including m&s, boots,Tk maxx, Zara  Nandos /McDonald's etc . We would defiantly stay again it was comfortable ,convenient and easy to get around.  ",Date of stay: December 2015,5.0
1633,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1630-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,noisy beds,"Good location, with buses right in front, close to Westfield shopping centre, High street Kensington underground 10 minutes walk, very friendly reception staff, floors have steps after elevator, difficult for heavy luggage, rooms bit small, generally clean, decent lobby, shops restaurants close by. beds are bit uncomfortable making lot of cracking sounds so is air-conditioning, basic bathrooms, reasonable priced, free wifi for Honours members but poor service. housekeeping service very slow,",Date of stay: December 2015,3.0
1634,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1630-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Not worth the money.,"My partner and I stayed in this Hilton for his 28th birthday. We went to see a show and just needed a place to lay our heads - nothing flashy. My father insisted on paying for a nice hotel as a birthday gift to him. The hotel - on the outside and the reception area was absolutely beautiful. However once we were showed to our room, it wasn't so great. The room was fairly tiny, just enough room for a bed, desk and TV. If we wanted to walk to the other side of the room, we had to jump over the bed, rather than walk around it. The cleanliness was ok, a bit of rust here and there but nothing extraordinarily filthy. The hotel staff were friendly, nothing special however when we were checking out - there was a lovely blonde lady, I don't know the name but she made us feel very happy.…",Date of stay: November 2015,3.0
1635,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1635-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Not up to standard,"Booked for birthday surprise as thought it was closet Westfield shopping centre. This hotel is not near a tubelike.  It is over 1hr on a bus from Euston or there is an overland service but you have to go ut of London and then back in so not exactly convenient. Check in was polite but our room was awful. It was tiny and overlooked roofs.  When entering the room it felt cold but we realised it was probably due to the air con not being on so put it onto warm-didn't make any difference as the air that blew out was cold. Still, thought it would warm up. No WiFi signal available either which was very disappointing as I was entitled to free WiFi due to being a Hilton Honours  member. Thought I would put up with the lack of WiFi and left our room to heat up while we went out to eat.…",Date of stay: December 2015,2.0
1636,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1635-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Good location for Olympia,"Rooms were quite small , and reception was very slow for check in . Nicely decorated with a good restaurant and bar area . At busy times when I was there , the bar staff struggled to cope and were rather ""abrupt"". Great location for Olympia , and hotel is good value ",Date of stay: December 2015,3.0
1637,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1635-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Visit to Olympia Hilton London,"Had a good stay in the hotel over an exceptionally busy time. The hotel was used by people working/visiting the Olympia Horse Show, who were up and about at all times, and with this the hotel coped very well. Staff were unfailingly helpful and cheerful, and apart from one miss-understanding in the restaurant, (which was well handled by the managing staff) the stay was very good in all respects.   Reception desk and concierge were very helpful.  Bar was a bit expensive.",Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
1638,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1635-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Average stay ,"Currently staying here for a week - first impressions are that the reception is modern and fancy, though this doesn't follow on through the hotel. The room is dated and smelt like cigarettes (even though a non smoking room) bathroom needed renovations and the bed was not comfy at all. Being on the 5th floor you can hear everything from the street which is quite annoying for a light sleeper. Close to a bus stop which is good. Other than that I wouldn't really recommend the hotel and wouldn't return - though it will be fine for the week I'm here. ",Date of stay: December 2015,3.0
1639,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1635-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Deplorable hotel, lacks the Hilton standard","Had a pathetic experience at this property. Stayed there for a full week. The overall quality and upkeep of the hotel is in shambles.  What didn't work?  - I got a taste of things to come right from check-in. Even though I had requested and called twice earlier for an early check-in by a couple of hours since I was coming off a long flight, I was curtly informed by the reception that my room wasn't ready. Subsequently, after waiting till 3:15pm (check-in time is 3pm), I was told that the room would take another half hour! After making a fuss, they got it quickly cleaned and offered me free internet for the inconvenience. - The property is quite old, and the interior reflects it. The carpets, woodwork and overall look and feel of the corridors / rooms are ancient. - The sleep…",Date of stay: December 2015,2.0
1640,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1640-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Horrendous bed = no sleep,"I would not recommend this hotel to anyone. The bed was the worst I have ever laid in. This caused my friend and I to get no sleep whatsoever.  Thought I had booked a twin, got given a double and was told you can't choose when you book online and they didn't have any twins available so ended up sharing with my friend which isn't much of an issue for us, be maybe to other people if they don't realise Hilton's inability to separate doubles from twins online.  Steer clear - find a local Premier Inn with a good night guarantee and decent mattress!",Date of stay: December 2015,1.0
1641,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1640-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Do not go to this hotel,"This hotel is extremely expensive and very poor value for money.  The staff are helpful but the rooms were disgusting, cracked basins, rubbish left on the floor, bath panels falling off etc etc. The hotel should be shut down for maintenance as it is very dark, dingy and ""tired"".",Date of stay: December 2015,1.0
1642,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1640-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Crap with a silver lining,"There are good things about this hotel. The location is the best example, but the breakfast is decent as well and the staff are friendly.   Those things kind of save it from a 1, but not by much.  I've stayed here 4 times over the past 12 months and I haven't had a single good stay. Every single sound from the hallway and from the street are transferred straight in to the rooms. The entire place smells moldy and old and it has hopefully seen better days.  On every single visit there has been at least one troublesome issue. 1st stay I had a window on the 3rd floor towards the main street and it felt like people were driving cars in my room, also the wifi would drop every 5 minutes for a minute and then force you to log in again.  2nd stay was the worst (so far) and there was some…",Date of stay: December 2015,2.0
1643,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1640-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Ok experience,"Hotel very well located, however was not very impressed with the room, bathroom or quality of nights sleep.  Also very expensive for the room which didn't even include breakfast.  Would stop again for location but not fro quality of rooms.",Date of stay: December 2015,3.0
1644,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1640-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Great location - not so great service,"Visited the hotel for one night as we were going to the Olympia Horse Show.  With regards to location it was perfect, which was unfortunately the only good thing about our stay. Check in was very slow, with our room not being ready - but no problem as we knew the hotel would be busy.  So we thought we'd go for a drink, but unfortunately the bar wasn't open as it was being setup for a private function.  This would have been no problem if we had known beforehand - a very simple communication would have sufficed.  We travelled with another couple, who unlike ourselves are not members of the Hilton Hhonors scheme, and both of us booked deluxe King rooms.  Luckily for them they had a lovely corner room where they could actually walk around the bed without smacking their legs into the…",Date of stay: December 2015,2.0
1645,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1645-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Worst hilton hotel EVER,"Stayed as Hilton gold member, expected to have a decent service. But being arranged to the last room on the floor, unstable wifi connection, poor consumer service, ridiculous business lounge. Stayed one night on December 9th, HAVE to book another one for the second night in London.  Really, shame on the Hilton Brand.",Date of stay: December 2015,1.0
1646,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1645-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Good hotel,"I booked one night at Hilton Olympia using HHonors points. The hotel is in a good location, 5 min. ride by bus to High Street Kensington. As many hotels in London rooms are small but nice with all comfort of an Hilton hotel. The bathroom was a bit outdated but ok.. Corridors are narrow and the room was far away from the elevator. I must admit that I went lost as in a labyrinth… Free wifi. A Costa Coffee is annexed to the hotel hall, thus a very good options for breakfast. I had dinner in the hotel restaurant. Food was good but the service very slow, though the restaurant was almost empty. Staff at the reception is very friendly and professional. I would recommend this hotel for a stay in Kensington area at reasonable price.",Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
1647,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1645-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,London Christmas Break,Like a number of London hotels the Hilton Olympia provides a no frills adequate service at a reasonable price Our room was a little tired (as were we after a few days exploring the Capital) However although it's a good 10/15 mins away from High Street Kensington Tube or £6 in a taxi from Earls Court Tube. £120 for twin room if you search for a deal,Date of stay: December 2015,3.0
1648,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1645-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Good accessibility,"On the map, you might think the hotel is far from any station, but It takes 3 minutes from Hammarsmith station by taxi, so the accessibility is good. Also, the price is reasonable regardless of Hilton brand.",Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
1649,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1645-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"clean, ok, fairly average stay for the price","check in took ages, and  was desperate to make a Skype call, as time ticked on! the reception staff seemed to double as the concierge, and as soon as it looked like the customer in front had finished they would wander back with another sightseeing question, the concierge round the corner doing nothing at the time. That was annoying as there were spare staff and could tell I was in a rush! room was fine, nothing fancy but good space for London, not too noisy, not much else to say except for the price it was very average half the price I paid it would have been good. lots of tourists milling about too, I think its a tourist hotel, it could also do with a refurb in the part I stayed in!",Date of stay: December 2015,3.0
1650,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1650-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Was expecting the old hotel not this lovely new place,"Stayed a night as all other hotels were full and was not looking forward to the stay. I was surprised and delighted to find the Hilton had moved from my last stay 3 years ago (which was horrible). Had a great, clean and comfortable room, lounge was good. Downside was the rated restaurant had been taken over by Sky that evening so went away disappointed. Breakfast was good. Also the tea had not been restocked in the room and one of the cups wasn't clean - I just dislike the fact that most hotels seem to wash the cups out in the bathroom sink and with what detergent and cloth/sponge I hate to think. PS: My colleague complained that his room was far too hot, engineers came and helped reduce the heat but he had a horrible nights sleep due to the lack of cool air.",Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
1651,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1650-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,adequate but tired,"This hotel is tired. The staff are tired. The room we had was very smelly and miles from the lifts. The mattresses were good and the bathroom immaculate. We were on our Christmas shopping trip so really we just needed somewhere to sleep so that was fine. Also, the breakfast was plentiful but we only went up one at a time otherwise they would clear and re-set the table! We did comment that we have had better stays at Ibis hotels which pretty much sums it up.",Date of stay: December 2015,3.0
1652,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1650-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Social Stay,"The staff were warm and welcoming. However, only one person was working the front desk for check-in which caused a Que. Parking is expensive at £35 per day. The awards membership doesn't work either. Room service was excellent. The room was very clean with plenty of towels. TV channels are limited.",Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
1653,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1650-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Friendly good hotel,"I stayed there for more then once the last years, very nice rooms, good food , if you come by train, best way take taxi, not expensive or tube Olympia , 5 minutes to hotel from there . Would certainly go back, good price value ! Nice park when you come out on the left with orangerie , worth to visit if you have time",Date of stay: January 2015,4.0
1654,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1650-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Noisy as hell,"I never had such a bad experience, the room was noisy as hell, impossible to sleep. I was supposed to have an upgraded room but nothing compared to my friends. I called they gave me a bottle of water and slippers, it's what they call a deluxe upgraded room.  The breakfast was the only thing that was good at this hotel.",Date of stay: December 2015,1.0
1655,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1655-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Good location,"Stayed for one night. Location was good. Room was fine, but rest of the hotel looks tired and is in need of a refurb. No free wi-fi. Don't like shower over bath personally and would prefer a walk-in shower.",Date of stay: November 2015,3.0
1656,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1655-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Weekend stay,This was so close to the Olympia stadium and we were attending a Business Day there on the Friday plus we added on a couple of nights for a bit of sightseeing and a show on the Saturday.  Fantastic stay and would definitely stay there again!,Date of stay: December 2015,5.0
1657,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1655-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Alright,"Exterior and reception areas look great - until you need to find your room and almost want to ask for a map to find it! Check in took a while as only one person on duty, when another finally appeared wasn't too impressed to be told I had booked a double room when the piece of paper they had in their hand said twin! Meant they had to change the room number etc - so hardly surprising the WiFi didn't work as was registered to the old room number. Gave up in the end. Room basic and tired. Won't be rushing back here. ",Date of stay: November 2015,3.0
1658,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1655-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Needs a refurb,"We stayed at The Hilton Olympia, as it was close the The Ideal Home Exhibition.  However the location of the hotel was it's best feature.  I booked online and chose a King Size Executive room.  As a Hilton Honours customer I was able to check in online the day before, which I did, but my booking had been changed to a Queen room instead of a King.  This was sorted out with a phonecall, but nobody knew why the booking had been changed.  When we checked in, I was advised that we had been upgraded to a Executive King room....I did tell the receptionist that I had requested and paid for a Executive King room anyway, so it wasn't actually an upgrade.  When we reached our room it was basic and not what I would call executive.  It was also very cold and the traffic noise was very loud. …",Date of stay: December 2015,3.0
1659,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1655-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Good location, but dated/ boring hotel and rooms","I stayed here just over 3 weeks ago now (November 2015) for 3 nights while attending an event on at the Olympia.  I would say that overall this hotel is a good location and less than 10 minutes by bus to Westfield shopping centres that has an array of places to eat.  However, the hotel itself is a let down especially for the price you are paying (about £130 plus).  Rooms are very basic and the tv set up doesn't work properly (i was based on 5th floor).  The air conditioning also is set to not go lower than 22 degrees (still quite warm for me), so not sure there is a point to this.  The wi-fi was also quite patchy having to constantly log in when using (only free if a hilton honours member).  I had breakfast included on my first night, and can't say it was too impressive.  Basic…",Date of stay: November 2015,3.0
1660,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1660-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Could & should be better,I'll keep this brief:  *Good location *Good public areas *Reasonable breakfast *Helpful staff *Tired & dated bedrooms/bathrooms  Its a 10 minute walk down Kensington High Street for the tube so from a location perspective works perfect.   Hilton and/or whoever owns this property needs to spend some money on the bedrooms. The rooms are now really dated which is a shame.,Date of stay: December 2015,3.0
1661,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1660-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Rooms in need of double glazing ,"Having spent last night in this hotel I definitely wouldn't advise it if you are a light sleeper like myself. We had a room facing the main road and all night I could hear the traffic, it was as if I had left the window open. Our room was quite small and the bath was in need of an overhaul. On check in there was a bit of a queue and only one member of staff, one of our party had to ask if there were more staff to help on reception, not what you would expect of any large chain hotel - a disappointing experience in my opinion. ",Date of stay: December 2015,2.0
1662,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1660-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Overpriced for what it is,"I booked a single room directly with the hotel, for two nights to visit Olympia. Room smelled strongly of smoke and was small for the price I was paying. Wifi didn't appear to work, and TV message greeted me as someone else (possibly that's why WiFi didn't recognise my password?). Bed was comfy I will say. Breakfast was £20 (!) and very ordinary indeed. There was a big queue, and I couldn't put breakfast on my bill - had to pay there and then, including a gratuity before I had even sat down. I was poured three quarters of a cup of coffee, and then struggled to get a refill. On the second day a colleague joined me, and promptly changed her room, because...it stank of smoke and there was ash in the bath. She joined me for breakfast which was a boon, as she managed to get us…",Date of stay: December 2015,2.0
1663,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1660-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Older hotel but still up to scratch,I need to be on this part of town for business and I only booked the day before I arrived!!  King bed rooms are quite large and comfortable.   I didn't eat or drink at the hotel as there are plenty of eateries and pubs within walking distance.   The cost was quite reasonable and the staff were helpful. Especially the guys at the concierge. ,Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
1664,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1660-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,rather noisy at front of the hotel - location good,"This hotel is in a relatively good location for accessing London's attractions - the tube station is a fair walk away but there is a bus stop outside the hotel and another outside the tube - not sure about the others but the #27 works to avoid the route march.  The rooms at the front of the hotel - even on the 8th floor - are fairly noisy (usual late night London traffic noise on what is a main road), other guests were as noisy as seems to be the norm these days, but the bed which looked knackered, was actually very comfy - and as always the bed linen in Hilton rooms is divine. All in all satisfactory for the price we paid (which tbh we would have expected to include breakfast) - but not up to the usual high Hilton standard in our opinion",Date of stay: December 2015,3.0
1665,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1665-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Old Business Hotel,"Hilton Olympia looks Grand from the outside.  But the rooms are quite old whit old and dented furniture. Clean yes, but I do not like carpet in hotel rooms, it is not sanitary. WiFi did not work in my room unless you walked up to the door. My room bye the way was the second smallest room in the hotel according to the floor plan, room 760. Well, I booked a single room, but for that price I actually was expecting something else.  Any way, staff was nice, the room was clean and the bed was good. Breakfast was alright, did not have that extra that many Hilton in the States have, this was ordinary breakfast. Since I had breakfast at 0845-0900 after the morning rush,  I was surprised to see that it took so long to clean tables and make room for new guests. Same goes for the breakfast…",Date of stay: December 2015,3.0
1666,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1665-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Good location for shopping!,"We asked for a room at the back of the hotel on booking due to other reviews, this was quiet so we had good nights sleep! The heating and aircon didn't work , but we couldn't fault the hotel as the engineer came both days immediately - and provided us with a heater on the 2nd. As with any hotel there can be problems so it was nice to see such quick service. All the staff were friendly and helpful. The breakfast was very varied so plenty to choose from. The main reason for our stay was Olympia and Westfield for Christmas shopping- perfect location. We would stay again.",Date of stay: November 2015,3.0
1667,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1665-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Very Nice Stay,"I stayed with my parents when they came to help me move back home after an internship. My dad has status with his points, so we had access to a very nice lounge. It took over an hour for our room to be ready, but they had drinks and snacks in the lounge while we waited, which was nice. The breakfast in the lounge was lovely.  The pull out bed from the sofa was pretty lumpy, but that was my only complaint. Location was pretty good. The neighborhood was my parent's first introduction to London.",Date of stay: January 2015,5.0
1668,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1665-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Good Location for Olympia and South Kensington,"The location is very good for Olympia and South Kensington. The rooms are really a bit old and need refurbishment, but they are clean and have the normal Hilton facilities. Friendly service throughout and if you have access to the executive lounge that is also very good for drinks and also breakfast....worth looking at paying an upgrade sometimes. There are not many restaurants within a short walking distance, but you can easily walk to the main part of Kensington High Street.",Date of stay: November 2015,4.0
1669,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1665-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Great location,"Hotel is in a great location for access to the Olympia and central London. I staid there because it was within walking distance to my customers offices. The hotel is nice and reasonably well appointed although some rooms are looking a little dated with cracked tiles etc. I was annoyed when I was charged a 10% service charge when i went to the bar to get a pint. I hadn't noticed this until a colleague pointed it out - this is shocking why do I need to pay a service charge when I go to the bar? The hair on my black pudding for breakfast was a nice option, I know a couple of my colleagues also thought  items of their breakfast was undercooked.",Date of stay: November 2015,3.0
1670,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1670-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Weekend trip,I was with a group  but a single travel  At the Hilton.  This was a very busy  weekend  &  the hotle  was very busy  My room  was a single  room  with a 3/4 bed &  my room was very nice & comfortable .  I had a good night's  sleep But the next day I went out for the day &  came back to my room  but it had not been made up after  a trip to the desk the staff there was very helpful  &  when I came back my room was made up.  At breakfast  on my 3rd day I was late down &  there was a queue but staff was very efficient &  the queue move  fast &  I was sat down There  was a good selection  to eat  Would I go back  yes Would I recommend it yes  ,Date of stay: November 2015,4.0
1671,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1670-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Fancy a stay in a prison cell block bedroom?,"I booked a 2 night stay for myself and a colleague at the Hilton London Olympia through lastminute.com back in July of this year. Upon arrival, we were handed our key and told our room number. I had booked a Standard Twin/Double room for both the nights and was appalled that when we got to the room, there was only one single bed. I went down to reception and said that I had booked a Standard Double/Twin room yet there was only one single bed in our room. We were then told that the hotel had sold out of all of its Double or Twin rooms.  The hotel offered us a roll out bed but this hardly fit into the small single room. I simply refused to share a bed with a work colleague as this would be highly inappropriate. The hotel then offered us the chance for one of us to stay in a staff…",Date of stay: July 2015,1.0
1672,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1670-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Lovely weekend!,I booked this hotel as a surprise for my boyfriends birthday and it was simply wonderful. We arrived late Friday evening to be greeted by a friendly receptionist who was very informative about the local area. The room was immaculate & perfect for us - pillows were so fluffy! Only a 10 min walk from High Street Kensington tube and with regular passing buses for those not keen on walking you really can't go wrong. We were also surprised to find that the staff had arranged for a complimentary dessert and champagne in the room when we arrived as a birthday treat! Would thoroughly recommend. Thank you Hilton Olympia for making it a memorable one ☺️,Date of stay: November 2015,5.0
1673,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1670-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,A lot of street noise,"The hotel was not up to the usual standard for a Hilton, more like a 3 star hotel, despite the high cost.  The room was of a good size but the hotel is a little bit run down and needs refurbishment, the staff are very good and breakfast was fine.  The big drawback for me was that we were given a room facing Kensington High Street, and the noise from traffic went all through the night, so I only slept for 3 hours for the first night.  The room had double glazing but should have triple, as you go to a hotel to sleep.  We were only there for 2 nights, so it was not worth asking to change rooms, we bought wax earplugs from Boots instead for the second night.  My opinion is that the hotel is vastly over-priced for what you get.",Date of stay: November 2015,3.0
1674,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1670-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Nice hotel, poor fitness facility","Overnight stay, checked out fitness centre on arrival, therefore didn't bother getting up before breakfast to use it! Small room, seemed a response to the question ""Where can we pop this fitness room, pretty unimportant anyway, let's squeeze it in down those stairs!!"" Marquee hotel, 405 rooms, little investment for that aspect of a visit.",Date of stay: November 2015,4.0
1675,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1675-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Not too bad,"Firstly I have to say I literally just slept and had breakfast here. Rooms clean, my room was massive. Standard double. Breakfast was good, selection was ok not as good as the Radisson. Coffee is the worst ever, have one in your room or at a coffee shop. The hotel restaurant is expensive for where it is and the £5 test charge makes room service not good value However this hotel is a pain to get to it using tubes, it's a 0.7 mile walk from the nearest tube and bus service was too many changes for me. Overall clean hotel, needs renovating and ok breakfast. Would I use again? As a last resort if I couldn't get in my usual place",Date of stay: November 2015,3.0
1676,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1675-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Highly Overpriced!,"Firstly, I would like to point out that my comments are no reflection on the staff who were helpful and courteous. I stayed in November 2015 here for two nights as I was involved in a trade show at Olympia. Location perfect for that. However, this has to be the worst value hotel I have ever stayed in. At well over £300 per night it was shabby and then you had to pay £30 for wifi - most hotels provide some level of connection free these days and this just added insult to injury! Bar and breakfast were fine, but really not worth the money!",Date of stay: November 2015,2.0
1677,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1675-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Pleasant surprise upgrade,"I was booked into this place by my company as I was attending a conference nearby and was pleasantly surprised when on checking in was told my room had been upgraded to a suite. Facilities were a bit wasted on me as I only spent an hour in my room before going out again and most of the rest of the time I was there I was asleep. Nevertheless the room was on the fifth floor overlooking the street and was well equipped with settee and armchair, tv, dining table and chairs, coffee making facilities, etc and empty minibar. Bedroom had another tv and comfortable double bed and door to bathroom. Good standard of cleanliness and comfort with a comfortable temperature and very little audible street noise. Breakfast was included and a reasonable selection of food available for this level…",Date of stay: November 2015,4.0
1678,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1675-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Pleasant overnight stay,"I should start by saying that I've stayed at much worse hotels for far more money, so the following comments should be placed in that context.  For £79 a night, I was not expecting the Ritz - I was expecting a comfortable, quiet room, with clean facilities.  And that's what I got!  The negatives -  The hotel needs refurbishing, as I don'tthink it'shad an overhaul since the 1980's. The taps were loose on the bath tub. The carpet was badly rucked and needs replacing. The bed definitely need a new mattress.  I slept, but probably as well as I would have done in my tent on an airbed. The hallways had a musty smell - but this may have been due to one of the rooms flooding during the afternoon.  The positives -  The reception staff were very friendly and welcoming The room was very…",Date of stay: November 2015,3.0
1679,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1675-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Comfortable and Helpful,"Comfortable, clean room, staff very helpful and friendly.   Had a problem with intrusive traffic noise my first night, but moved to a quieter room on request without any problem.   Restaurant staff friendly and helpful.   Good range of items provided on the breakfast buffet, all freshly cooked and well presented.",Date of stay: November 2015,4.0
1680,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1680-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Great Hotel,I had a wonderful stay. The staff was wonderful.  The front desk people were so friendly and helpful.  I went to the bar/restaurant and it was a fabulous dinner.  I stay there quite frequently and have had a nice stay each time.  Great location as well.,Date of stay: November 2015,5.0
1681,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1680-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Noisy and obnoxious,"It all went wrong from check in!  Despite calling in advance and explaining my room would need to be paid for on departure due to working away on business and not having a company credit card, my boss would pay for my room on departure after he had arrived.  Upon check in I was told the only way you can pay is via a credit card in person so I had to spend £191 of my rent money on the room for one night despite assurances before travelling to the contrary.  I was given a disabled room as I was checking in early.  There was a shower curtain wedged into the ceiling tiles making it impossible to pull across, there appeared to be no grading of the wet room floor to point the water in the direction of the plughole in the floor as a consequence after a shower the entire bathroom was…",Date of stay: November 2015,2.0
1682,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1680-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Very average ,"On arrival I was told that I had a room below the standard I had paid for, after several stressful minutes of arguing the facts I was  informed that I was in fact correct. The manager kindly offered a bottle of wine and some food as a gesture of good will. We settled in and then placed our breakfast menu on the door in accordance with the guidelines for times etc, in the morning no food arrived so we looked outside and there was the breakfast card still on the door handle. So am I picky or do I expect things to run smoothly when the price tag is over £400 a night for essentially an average service. Car parking is good here, it is well situated for the Olympia. Breakfast when it arrives, is decent too.  ",Date of stay: November 2015,3.0
1683,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1680-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"""Nice rooms, good choice of food, hidden charges for non-existing service at the bar.""","We ordered soft drink and tea at the Society bar before our dinner.  A member of staff overcharged us and when I asked him why we had to pay more than we expected, he explained that it was 10% service charge. However, I had to take our tea pot, cup with saucer and soft drink to our table myself from the bar.  Where was the service then? The location was great and within walking distance to the railway station and Olympia Grand. The room was clean, tidy and comfortable. We were greeted by Aron at the reception who made us feel very welcome and explained everything at length.",Date of stay: November 2015,3.0
1684,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1680-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,The hotel that time forgot,"It sounds and looks from the outside like it might be nice. Maybe once it was. But no more. Many people point out that it needs a refurb, and wonder why Hilton have forgotten this one. I suspect it's because it's past a normal refurb. It's maze like interior and small spaces - duck to use the shower - don't really give much scope for a refurb. So for now, given its proximity to Olympia it's a cash cow for Hilton while they save up to knock it down and rebuild something more like a real Hilton. ",Date of stay: November 2015,1.0
1685,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1685-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Rooms looking a little tired and dated.  Definitely not 4 STAR,"The foyer and reception at this hotel are excellent making it look extremely luxurious and comfortable as you arrive however it does go downhill after that.  Our first disappoint came before we even made it to the room.  The lift had what looked like paint splashes all over the floor – not a great start.  I have to say that our room was a very good size, as was the bed, and it was all very clean but looked extremely dated.  We had what looked like a hole in the wall, that had been “filled in” rather shoddily.  There was mould around the bath.  However the most annoying thing was the heating / aircon (same unit worked both) which had an extremely high pitched screeching sound every time it came on.  We rang down to reception (that took 10 minutes and 2 phone calls for them to…",Date of stay: November 2015,3.0
1686,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1685-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,DID NOT SLEEP AWFUL EXPERIENCE,"Stayed in a room at the front of the hotel and I may as well have slept on the street the traffic was so loud that I did not get a wink of sleep for 2 nights. When I was asked how my stay was I did mention this fact and the reply I got was ""London is very busy"". Most displeasing and very disappointing.",Date of stay: November 2015,2.0
1687,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1685-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Comfortable hotel,"Stayed for one night. Excellent staff, very helpful. Room extremely comfortable, lots of space, good bathroom. Lovely breakfast.  Booked through last minute so got an excellent rate too.  Bus stops & tubes into central London nearby so good location.  Car park beneath the hotel £35 for 24 hours. ",Date of stay: November 2015,4.0
1688,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1685-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,what a poorly run hotel,"We are Hilton gold, have been for a number of years. Checked in. Hotel in a not great part of town, very far from the tube and attractions. The overland station of Kensington Olympia is essentially useless. Hotel looked OK, but our room stunk of Marijuana, and the staff had left the window open to let the pot smell leave. Would not have been horrible had I not had a baby with me and it not been freezing cold outside. Called and staff denied the pot smell. Great. I am allergic to feathers and put this in the reservation months ago along with request for a baby crib. Well feathers in the room and no crib. I arrived from the US and was tired. Baby forced to stay up until 11pm local time as no crib (well they brought a broken one and said ""sorry""). Not acceptable. Can you imagine if…",Date of stay: November 2015,1.0
1689,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1685-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,overnight stay,Overnight stay whilst attending BBC Good food show at Olympia. Hotel busy - long queue to check in. Stayed in junior suite. Number of minor issues which were pointed out to reception - no one came to rectify. Bed really comfortable - noisey due to traffic on road - all the time! Reception staff average - Breakfast not good - lots of empty plates where there should be food - not replenished quickly enough. Exec facilities average - small lounge. Not one of my better stays in a Hilton in London,Date of stay: November 2015,4.0
1690,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1690-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Very good service at the bar,"This past weekend I stayed at the hotel with my family. We booked two rooms which were Deluxe. I ´ve been in other properties and the rooms are bigger or new refurbished so these rooms were just fine. Checkin was good and quick. On Sunday we were in Central London and we called to make a reservation in the restaurant. They told me we didn´t need one so we said ok we would be there later. But when we arrive by 8pm at the hotel they told us the restaurant was closed because they were not busy. So they said there was food in the bar that we could have. And what a good choice! The bar attendant was Spanish as well, her name is Judith! She was really helpful and nice with us. It was a table of 6 and we all enjoyed it. My family was so happpy with the service and the staff so we will…",Date of stay: November 2015,4.0
1691,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1690-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,What happened hilton?,"First the Good. The staff at the hotel was excellent. Our room was ready when we arrived and check in was very smooth. The room was clean and an ok size. The hotel is located about a 10 minute walk from the center of things but we had no problems with this. Now the bad. I think Hilton forgot they had this hotel or at least the upper floors as the lobby is updated. The room was out dated and needs a full upgrade.  The walls were paper then.   If you are use to traditional Hilton's especially in the US, you will be very disappointed with this location.",Date of stay: November 2015,3.0
1692,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1690-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Great Staff!,"Just returned home after a two day stay in Hilton Olympia. We were greeted on arrival by a lovely gentleman on reception (Emmanuelle I think was his name) who checked us in. The hotel lobby and lounge looked fantastic. Bit disappointed on the arrival to our room as was very small and dated considering the amount of money we had paid. Needless to say we were only using it as a base so weren't really bothered. Unfortunately as we were getting ready for bed that evening a horrible damp smell was coming from the bathroom. We tried to ignore it and get to sleep. Unfortunately our room was right by the lift and he noise was unbearable. We called reception who advised us the hotel was full and we couldn't change room, we had a awful nights sleep which wasn't the best start to our stay.…",Date of stay: November 2015,3.0
1693,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1690-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Stock Standard Business Hotel with awsome staff,"Great comfortable lodging in the Hilton Style. Ideal situation for Olympia or even Earls Court. Unimpressive s it is on the outside, the interior is tasteful and relaxing. Staff at checkin, room cleaning and concierge go above and beyond what is required.  Restaurant has great waiters, but managers attitude could do with a bit of softening up to the guests. Standard rooms are very small as the norm in London",Date of stay: September 2015,3.0
1694,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1690-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Really not impressed,"As a Guest Relations Manager of a 4* hotel myself I try hard not to judge hotels however the first thing that irritated me when I checked in at 9.30pm was the fact the man on reception had an ill fitting jacket. It just did not fit, his gut was hanging out under a very brave button holding on for dear life. There is no way that any of my reception team would be able to come to work looking like that. They would be sent home to change or given money to buy a proper fitting jacket.   Breakfast is way to expensive. The facade of the hotel and the restaurant/bar are the only nice looking areas. It seems old and tired and the air conditioning in the room is far too loud. The worst nights sleep I have had in a long time.   Had a cream tea in the society bar, on the pictures they were…",Date of stay: November 2015,2.0
1695,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1695-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Questionable four stars,"We stayed for two nights. Our room wasn't ready on arrival but we were offered an upgrade to a delux room for an extra £35 per night (this room was ready) we upgraded and went to the room. When opening the door we were concerned immediately about the noise from Kensington high street. On further investigation the window was broken (the latch) and did not close. We called for maintenance and waited for 25 minutes. No one came so we went back to reception and were moved to the room next door - also had a very old window but this one did close. Very comfortable bed but no bathrobe (this was promised in the upgrade). We had access to the ""executive lounge"" which was good value - plenty of alcohol and canapés. No atmosphere though. The breakfast was excellent but we did have to wait…",Date of stay: November 2015,3.0
1696,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1695-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Tired hotel with good staff but no organisation,"Stayed here as close to Olympia and as a Hilton Honors Diamond member, the upgrade and lounge access makes it worthwhile  The restaurant ran out of food at 9pm on a Saturday night. Breakfast service looked like a war zone. The manager however was super helpful and really pulled out the stops  No attention to detail at this hotel in general though - dirty crockery at Breakfast. Cleaning lacked too  The hotel needs a refurb  Come on Hilton. Look what you're doing with Doubletree in the UK. Shouldn't you be managing the core brand as well if not better?",Date of stay: November 2015,2.0
1697,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1695-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Great hotel, location and staff!","The hotel is located next to the Kensington Olympia overground station and Olympia exhibition centre, so very easy to get to. The lobby is very cozy and welcoming and off the lobby is a Costa Coffee. The rooms are spacious, the windows open (which I have found is not always the case in London), coffee / tea making facilities and lovely toiletries.  We didn't eat in the restaurant, but the menu looked delicious! 5 minute walk and you're at the High Street Kensington underground station or lovely location to catch the bus as you'll see many landmarks on the way.   The staff are VERY friendly and helpful, especially the concierges!",Date of stay: May 2015,5.0
1698,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1695-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Exceeded our expectations ,"Booked tickets for the BBC Good Food Show at Olympia and the wanted a hotel conveniently situated. Booked 2 rooms at the Hilton via bookings.com. £93 on.  After reading some of the reviews, I told my husband and granddaughter not to expect much more than a bed for the night.  On arrival, we were greeted at reception by Christina, a Portuguese lady who was a delight. She upgraded our room without us asking and told us about the restaurant deal they had on offer; 2 courses and a glass for £20.  Went to our room which was great. Super king size bed and all the usual trimmings. Down in the bar we enjoyed a couple of cocktails before going to the restaurant. I had scallops 3 ways then roast piglet belly with colcannon, carrots, baby turnips and apple and a glass of rioja. Dave had…",Date of stay: November 2015,5.0
1699,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1695-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Dated & expensive - far better hotels around. Poor for Hilton!,"The hotels location is at the far end of Kensington High Street, about a 15 minute walk to the tube station, which is inconvenient for many. There is a bus stop going straight into the West end, but not ideal for business travellers perhaps?  Like many hotels, the hotel reception is very modern and tasteful, however what's upstairs is the important part - the rooms are dated, very rough the edges and not at all in line with the Hilton brand.  Upon checking in, I was given a room overlooking a service yard, very dark and dull, with frosted windows which meant I couldn't even see out of them let alone get any light in. I asked reception for an alternate room and was given a very poorly maintained accessibility room - see pictures below.  Late at night, the bathroom and eventually…",Date of stay: November 2015,1.0
1700,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1700-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Good base... Rooms need a revamp,"Stayed here with my mum for a girls shopping trip and chose this hotel because it was close to the conference centre.   The room was ok. Big room, comfortable beds and tea/coffee facilities. The bathroom could do with a revamp... Paint flaking off, rust in the bath, damp spots on the roof. Also the fan in the air con/ heater got stuck during the night and made the worst squealing noise both of us jumped out of bed thinking it was the fire alarm. Fixed it by switching it off. The walls are so thin, so you will hear everyone coming home at night and everyone leaving in the early hours of the morning. Needless to say, it wasn't the best Hilton or even hotel I've stayed in.   The breakfast was good though. Nice and hot, constantly refreshed.  Despite the lack of sleep and the room…",Date of stay: November 2015,3.0
1701,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1700-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,environmentally oriented???,"The hotel was okay. But I am very concerned about the environment. And are always happy when I get to a hotel which are concerned about the environment. My towels were not on the floor but the still got changed. And I got new shampoo and soap, even I only used very little of them. I only stayed for 2 nights. Disappointed. If you are not concerned about the environment, do not act like you are!",Date of stay: November 2015,3.0
1702,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1700-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,great middle of london location on bus route,I was very happy with the staff they were kind and helpful each and every time i need some directions on theater tickets and how to get to shopping enjoyable stay. the gym was small but served it's purpose a quick get in and get out if weathers challenging. the bar  had great wine selection and the lay out of the area was fantastic it was gun to share conversation there.,Date of stay: November 2015,4.0
1703,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1700-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Dated Hotel,This hotel is very dated for a Hilton hotel.  The area is nice and it is close to the tube station.  I would say this hotel is overpriced and is only a 4 star hotel because it is a Hilton.  You are paying to be in the area.,Date of stay: December 2014,3.0
1704,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1700-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,First class!,"Stayed here on business and it was a lovely hotel. Great sleep both nights and surprisingly not too noisy for being on the high street. Never had anything to eat here or use any of the facilities so can't comment on those. Only downside was its location is not close to any Tube stations, about a 10/15 walk to the nearest.",Date of stay: November 2015,5.0
1705,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1705-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Getting better day by day,"I like to thank you to the management,I am a repeat guest of this hotel and they always do all their best for my accomodation.Nice an clean room,everday changing the towels and take care about bath room equipments.Breakfast is so good maybe the best in the town.Date of my check out I forgot something in the room and I had to go up to get it but the lady whos was working at the reception she was not helpful,she was rude and tried for me to miss my plane her name was Anastasia Keninda.",Date of stay: November 2015,4.0
1706,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1705-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Not good,Stayed here for two nights on business. All the staff I encountered were very friendly. However my room was horrid. Dark and dingy with an unpleasant smell. Bathroom very basic and not very well cleaned. My test is do I put the lights on when having a bath. Here it stayed off as I was afraid to look too closely! Would not stay again.,Date of stay: November 2015,2.0
1707,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1705-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Well below par,Come on Hilton room 516 is not good! Tired and dated..  bathroom looks grubby.. as does carpet Bed is just a mass of noisy springs..   I would have complained but I had been working late and didn't arrive until nearly midnight.. I just wanted to get to bed.. but had a bad sleep.  I usually stay at the marriott in kensington i definately wont stay here again ,Date of stay: November 2015,2.0
1708,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1705-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Busy hotel in town near Olympia,"Not sure why we stayed here as a colleague booked our rooms and we were at a meeting in EC1 during the evening and flight from Heathrow very early the next morning. Nearest tube station is a 10 minute walk. You get the usual Hilton experience which is good. If you can try to avoid getting a room over looking Kensington High Street, it can be noisy even in the early mornings.",Date of stay: November 2015,3.0
1709,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1705-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"A Great Hotel, Just needs the odd improvements","Like others, I was worried when reading other reviews about staying here (I too was at an exhibition), but in fact the hotel is near enough to luxury. The front entrance looks like a 5 star hotel, with reception etc.. Everything was very clean, restaurant was lovely, breakfast was spot on, and check in was speedy enough.  Overall the reason for not rating it excellent is due to a few cons: 1) The bathroom ceiling height is a joke, I literally had to bend whilst having a shower as my head hit the ceiling. I don't know how easy this is to rectify, or whether it affected all bathrooms, but I'm an average height + a tad taller and I have never seen a hotel with this poor height clearance.  2) The hotel car park - Yes it is managed by a third party, but it is embarrassing that no one…",Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
1710,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1710-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Absolutely Lovely,"A group of us had booked into the terrible close by Holland Inn Hotel just down the road as we had a conference at Olympia. On discovering how awful it was we checked out and checked into the Hilton.  It was fantastic and I am surprised to read the other negative reviews.  The room was really really lovely; clean with a massive comfortable bed and lovely en suite.  I couldn't have been happier.  The foyer is very beautiful - I love the decor.  Ok I would defo update the carpets here and there, but I wasn't bothered by them.  The breakfast was AMAZING!  Every possible thing you could possibly want to eat.  The staff were all really helpful. I really really wanted a nutella muffin but was beaten after the full fry up, cereal, porridge, croissants, fruit and yoghurt.  I had to ring…",Date of stay: October 2015,5.0
1711,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1710-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Just okay.,"I expected more from a Hilton.   Hotel and room were 'okay' but need a refresh.  The location was also 'okay', the walk to the tube was 15 minutes but there were bus stops right outside the door.  Most tourist spots were not walking distance (and I don't mind walking).  Had more than one fire alarm in the middle of the night while I was there but I assume that was not normal.  The staff was friendly and helpful.",Date of stay: September 2015,3.0
1712,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1710-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Not a friendly pkace,"Stayed here for one night Thursday 29th Oct. Reception staff efficient but not one smile! Room was OK, but a bit drab and tired. Bed was comfortable but looked a crumpled mess. We stayed in room 154 which although in the side awsy from tge main road was still very noisy from traffic from 0500 in the morning. Lighting in tge room is not very good for reading unless you lay on the bed and use sidelight. Popped in for a drink to the bar. Barman was miserable. And £11.40 for a large gin with splash of tonic from tap is expensive. Went for breakfast and shown to  a table. Got up to get fruit and when returned the staff had sat someone else at our table! We picked up our stuff and were shiwn to another table. We waited for tea to come before getting breakfast so table had less chance…",Date of stay: October 2015,2.0
1713,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1710-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Pleasant Surprise - Don't be fooled by poor reviews,"I stayed here with my family (3 and 7 yo plus spouse) and enjoyed the stay. The hotel is obviously one of the old National properties and has the 70s look of these properties but the hotel has had money spend where it matters. The beds are very comfortable, the breakfast is great and the room layout (coffee machine, good desk, great towels and toiletries) were all up to standard.  Though the hallways and door frames looked straight from 1976, the room was clean, comfortable and well appointed.   Though this was a pleasant surprise, the real treat was how friendly and attentive the staff were. They really made my children feel welcome and were genuinely friendly.   Thank you for a great stay.",Date of stay: November 2015,4.0
1714,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1710-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,City business hotel,"Travelled to London many times and stayed in Hilton, Olympia several times for work  Good location for work but the rooms are very, very basic for a Hilton   Restaurant / bar / breakfast are good but business like...when my wife came to visit she was not overwhelmed  ",Date of stay: August 2015,3.0
1715,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1715-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Not the best,I stayed at this hotel several months ago for 3 nights booked through Expedia by a friend. Conveniently located in kensington...it is a usual hilton hotel and you would expect overall high standard .....the booking was with breakfast but they told me at reception no breakfast was included with these Expedia bookings. The double room was ok with ensuite.....the bed was horrible and uncomfortable ... after 3 nights my back was broken almost and I left the hotel thinking it was cheap through Expedia but is my health worth the cheapness. I then complained online to hilton international about the experience who very generously sent me a 100 US dollar voucher.....about £70..... Some compensation for my problem but hilton should not be exposed to such complaints.....,Date of stay: November 2014,2.0
1716,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1715-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Hotel thats desperate for a refurb,"A group booking with staff to support an exhibition locally. 8 rooms booked, mine was upgraded by the hotel due to booking errors with the online system.  Pros - location, that's it,oh and to be fair the restaurant food quality was good albeit fairly slow likewise bar service very slow but quality good. Cons - poor room, air con poor, first hotel i've stayed in where i'm sweating before i've left the hotel because the air con doesn't work! .dark and dingy hallways, dark wood panels. Probably back in 1970 this was a great hotel, now its just tired and dated. bathroom very small, shower over the bath, one of those where you move between bath and shower for water supply, cleaners left taps on max heat when cleaning so easy to burn. Dirty edges, just dated as I say hotel needs…",Date of stay: June 2015,1.0
1717,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1715-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Better than reviews,I read the reviews on this hotel after I booked. From the reviews was thinking I had made a mistake. This is actually a very nice hotel. Plenty of friendly staff on hand. Nice reception area and really nice bar area and restaurant. Also nice Executive lounge. Ok the rooms were a bit dated but hey that's reflected in the price I wasn't paying Park Lane prices.  The hotel is a short walk to High street Kensington turn left out the front. Ok not to good if its raining. Also at weekends you can get the over ground to Olympia.,Date of stay: October 2015,5.0
1718,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1715-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Comfortable but avoid certain rooms due to noise and draft from windows,"The hotel itself is clean, comfortable and the staff are good. Price of £160 for two nights sounded reasonable. We didn't try the food so can't comment on that. The room was ready as promised with an extra bed so very good service.  However, our room on the third floor, the window doesn't close properly and is not double glazed so the noise from the busy road is as if you are on the street itself. Not only do you have issues with the noise but also the draft that floods in. We had to put paper between the cracks as it was so cold - having to put paper in the cracks in a four star hotel is not great.   If you read other reviews, other people on the third floor have reported the same issues. The manager will reply and say they take the feedback on board but unless they warn people…",Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
1719,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1715-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,2 day break,"We got this deal through secret escapes, £150 for 2 night stay is good enough for me especially with prices being high in London. Booked this as a little 2 day trip with my boyfriend to do a bit of sight seeing. Check in was quick and easy. Reception were helpful with information about wifi and things, although I am struggling to try and connect at times. Rooms are a little dated but they are very clean, comfy bed and nice spacious bathroom. Price list on the mini bar isn't too bad either :) only thing I will grumble about is that maybe some plug sockets near the bed instead of being on the opposite side of the room? Not the end of the world but maybe something to think about. I like it so far so I think I will enjoy my stay :) ",Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
1720,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1720-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Over priced,"Recently stayed here a couple of nights on business for a conference at Olympia.....this is an annual event and this year, the Hilton prices where significantly inflated! The rooms are nice, clean and of a good standard though not particularly interested. As others have noted, the WiFi is rubbish! There is however a mini bar, snacks & hairdryer. The real let down is the breakfast....at around £18 it really should be 5 star waited service but it's actually a buffet style service. On the plus side, there is a good varied choice of fresh fruit, cereal, pastries, hot breakfast etc. Unfortunately though, the hot breakfast is not very hot at all....at best, I would describe it as tepid. The cocktails in the bar are nice, particularly the salted caramel martini and the location  is…",Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
1721,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1720-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Very dated, but nothing actually wrong.","I stayed in this hotel alone because I was attending a show at Olympia and I have have a Hilton HHonors account. The room (cheapest available) was fairly cheap for London at GBP155 including VAT.  This hotel is very dated. It feels very much like an airport hotel. The room decor has a 1970s-1980s feel, the bath has a shower curtain rather than glass partition, and so on. However, the desk is quite big which suited me.  Other reviewers complained about the wifi. They must have fixed that because I got 36Mb download speed which is excellent for a free hotel service. They offer 'faster' chargeable speeds, don't see the point. I'm not sure if my wifi was only free because I am enrolled in HHonors, but it's free to enrol so why not.  There is an ample tea and coffee tray. The bed had…",Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
1722,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1720-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Slight Disappointment Overall,"Stayed 2 nights on business trip and stayed in room 308. Reception helpful and quick check in. Good sized room, well lit and nicely decorated. Bed very comfortable. Slight problem with the window not able to fully close it so it would not shut all the traffic noise out being on the front of the hotel. However as the days were an early start this was not crucial: Nice bar and restaurant. Good breakfast A couple of niggles though 1.   Hard to believe in a four star hotel you have to pay for Wi-Fi 2.   The bar closed too early and more annoying closed an hour before the time shown in the hotel information book .",Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
1723,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1720-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Ok, surprisingly good foof","Stayed here for a conference which was occurring at Olympia conference center.  The reception team was nice and when I asked about nearby restaurants I got a good deal in their restaurant for two courses - and I was just exhausted enough to try it out.  Much to my surprise, quite good - see my review over there.  Elevators tended to take a bit of time.  Room was ok, bed was comfortable, and one of the things that Hilton often gets wrong in the U.S.: it managed to keep the down comforter IN the sheets the entire time ( I hate when it comes out of the sheet the moment you touch the bed).  Some issues were the water pressure in the shower was nearly non existent.  The towels on the first day had large black lines on them - not from make up, either from cleaning luggage, or shoes,…",Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
1724,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1720-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Non-existent wifi. DO NOT stay here if you're a business traveller,"This is one of the best priced Hiltons in London but there may be  reason for that. The lobby is impressive and the staff charming. However, the upper floors are very 1980's. My first room of a 3 night stay was super 1980's but clean and functional until I tried to use the wifi. It didn't work at all.   The staff asked me to move to different parts of the room to see if I got a signal and then asked me to speak to British Telecom to resolve (strange as it may seem, as a paying guest this was unacceptable to me!)!! They then agreed to move me to a room with full signal for my second night. Twice I asked for the signal to be checked and even dished out a substantial tip to make sure it happened.....  So, dear reader, you probably know the rest of the sorry tale...I moved next day…",Date of stay: October 2015,1.0
1725,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1725-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Tired and worn out,"There is nothing intrinsically wrong with the hotel, but if you are going to call yourself 'Hilton' you need to perform to a higher standard. The room was small, but comfortable, nothing wrong with it except the niggles.... it was permanently dark due to the very heavy frosting on the window, and the fact that the window opened no more than two inches onto internal walls - horrible.  The room was always hot - even when I turned the thermostat to cold and full it was still warm. Everything was slightly shabby - marks on the walls, paint was chipped, worn old bathmats etc. The hotel has a monopoly due to its location by Olympia, and it's something that they are trading on very heavily.   Lastly the wifi  £13 in room per day? Are you serious Hilton? That's what I expect to pay per…",Date of stay: October 2015,2.0
1726,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1725-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,No wifi in room,Great size room and very clean but only free wifi in lobby. Lovely breakfast. Location not great unless you are visiting Olympia. Just a bit too far from tube. Very friendly staff. Didn't like the fact that you had to queue on your departure just to drop your key off. ,Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
1727,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1725-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,nice hotel overall,"Rooms are a bit noisy with all of the road traffic, could be soundproofed better. Rooms aren't as nice as our remodeled Hiltons in the US but are acceptable, could use some updating. On my second visit I did get a nice large quiet room on the back side of hotel however the internet signal was not strong enough to connect and there was to refrigerator in the room so I changed rooms and got a descent internet signal but also got the traffic noise and a much smaller room.",Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
1728,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1725-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Good,"I had no problem, but I expected more from a Hilton Hotel. The room was only ok. However, it was a nice experience. Really good staff, good room, good food and good location. The best point is the staff. They are really helpfull!",Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
1729,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1725-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,clean room - great breakfast- wifi only available in lobby,"I stayed here on a Trafalgar Tour.  Breakfast was included, but it was a very good breakfast compared with other hotels we stayed in.  Get the freshly made omelets. The free wifi was only in the lobby which was annoying. We could walk to Kensington Palace.",Date of stay: September 2015,4.0
1730,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1730-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Very good stay,"We spent a week here for a wedding and sightseeing. Very convenient to everything, just a few blocks from the Metro and wonderful shopping up and down the street. The hotel location feels more like a neighborhood than downtown. The staff was awesome and very accommodating. We were treated extremely well and would not hesitate going back if we are ever in London. About a 15 minute train ride to Big Ben and other important sights.",Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
1731,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1730-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Not worth the high price,"We had to stay here unexpectedly because of a mix up with our reservation on our last night in London. We were grateful that we were able to secure a room but we paid $400 US for one night. The hotel lobby, restaurant and bar area are nice and modern. The room itself was tired, smelled old and the bathroom was awful.  This hotel is far from a tube stop.  15 minutes which may not seem far but when the weather is cold, it makes a difference. Wifi is awful, dropping in and out all the time.  Doubletree Hyde park is a much nicer hotel, without the fancy lobby, but rooms are much nicer and closer to tube stations.",Date of stay: October 2015,2.0
1732,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1730-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Relaxing experience in not-so-crowded area,"I stayed at this hotel for two nights with my husband. Thanks to hhonors loyalty card, we got a room upgrade, with a nice view :) Contrary to the facade of the hotel, the rooms have nice modern design. Our room was clean and the staff was friendly. We also appreciated the express check-out option.  The hotel is located in not-so-crowded area, nice pubs (like Hand & Flower or Churchill Arms) and restaurants are near-by. However, when arriving from the airport you need to walk 15 mins from the Tube station (or take bus number 9, 10, 27 or 28 - if I recall correctly).",Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
1733,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1730-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Great location - standard, clean rooms","We paid £106 for one nights stay here which I thought was very reasonable for a hotel in London, especially considering the nice location of this one in particular. It is about a 15 minute walk from the Kensington High Street underground station and is easy enough to find, being on the main road which you walk down.  Staff on reception were polite enough and the check in process was quick & easy. The rooms were small and standard but clean and pleasant. We opted to get dinner and breakfast somewhere out of the hotel as thought £12 was a bit steep for breakfast even in London. Be very wary of the electronic tray in the rooms which automatically add a charge to your room if an item is lifted from the tray! I imagine this catches out people travelling with children - very sneaky. I…",Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
1734,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1730-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Extremely Bad.,As a Hilton Diamond member my dad advised me to get my company to book a Hilton for a London overnight. We paid USD340 (GBP220) for the broom cupboard pictured with complimentary rust & mould in the bathroom. Hilton Olympia - Hang your heads in shame.,Date of stay: October 2015,1.0
1735,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1735-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,A Decent Place At the Peripheral of Central London ," This is a decent 3 star London Hilton near Olympia, that concert hall  made famous by the many rock concerts. The nearest tube stations are Kensington, Earl's Court and Shepherd Bush, a 15 min walk radius. There is The Olympia station but that is a commuter train station not part of the London Underground.      It is at the very end of Kensington I oHighStreet. Going to the tourist spots  means a fair bit of commuting.  I opted for the Club Floor. That was a smart move considering the additional space snd service that you get complimenting the tight room space of the hotel room.   Service is good. Breakfast is decent. They need a new coffee machine though.   Good value for money? I have yet to find a London hotel that gives good value for money.  ",Date of stay: September 2015,3.0
1736,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1735-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Disappointing,"Some good aspects but generally not up to standard for the money. The TV did not work, no minibar, no hairdryer.Bathroom tired and in need of updating. Claimed my loyalty card did not exist and then lost it! No offer of newspaper,  Lifts very quick. The restaurant is a hidden gem (literally hidden) and if you use the £20 meal offer must be one of the best value meals in London. Stunning quinine, don't miss it. Way better than anything you will find outside, Breakfast excellent, but get in early to avoid the queues, charming staff. Ludicrous £12 + charge for wifi. Just misses out on all the detail.",Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
1737,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1735-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Your average Hilton,"I stayed here for 1 night whilst working at Olympia. Location wise, can't complain, it is just across the road from the exhibition center. The staff were friendly and helpful. I do find it strange at hotels when they don't open the restaurant on a sunday (not a specifically hilton thing) but is it just me who finds this weird? Surely a hotel has guests in it 7 days a week and they need feeding. Another little personal gripe of mine, showers, the shower in my room was poor, only just better than being dribbled on, which means you need to stand with your back firmly pressed against the cold controls to get your head covered with water. I wouldn't mind a room that had only a bed as long as the shower was powerful, it may just be me but I think a good shower can make up for a poor…",Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
1738,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1735-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Good location for Olympia,"I stayed here prior to attending an event at Olympia and it's the perfect location, just a short walk in the morning.  Breakfast was good - a wide selection and plenty of tables so easy to get a table, no queueing despite it being busy.  The bar was good the night before, prompt service and didn't appear overly expensive - it is London.  I parked at the hotel and that worked well and was about the right price.  My one complaint would be the air con thermostat in my room which I couldn't adjust to a comfortable temperature.  My colleague had the same problem in their room so I recommend you sort this out as soon as you arrive and not wait until the point you are about to get into bed!",Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
1739,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1735-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,We thought it was great!,"We’ve just returned from a long weekend in London for my birthday and thought the Olympia was great. We booked quite late and managed to get it for what we think is a cheap price, we had a nice quiet, clean room and a comfy bed, what more do you want. When we arrived at the hotel the reception staff were very friendly, they checked us in swiftly and off we went. The hotels location is situation away from the hustle and bustle of the city centre which is great and if you fancy a walk it’ll take you about an hour and fifteen minutes to walk there. The breakfast in the morning was fantastic, lots of variety, the hot buffet was excellent and the selection of pastries was great. The hot muffins are a particular winner. Thanks for the excellent stay! #743",Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
1740,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1740-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,STAY AWAY LIKE FROM A FOREST FIRE,"Staff can't count number of nights (Wednesday to Saturday is 5 nights apparently), billing system double-charges on everything. Noisy rooms. The vacuum cleaner hasn't been beneath the bed for ages. Smell, anywhere, any time.  Location is sort of nice, though, you can actually walk to Westminster and stuff, about 60 mins away.",Date of stay: October 2015,1.0
1741,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1740-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Pleasant stay, good location!","My sister and I stayed here as part of the show and stay package so we could see wicked. The hotel is a very short walk to Kensinton Olympia station which allowed us to get on the tube to mooch about, and regular buses run from outside the hotel.  The staff were very friendly and helpful, they allowed us to check in 3 hours early so we found the hotel very accommodating. The hotel looks a little shabby from the outside but inside is nice and quite modern, our room was lovely so we were pleasantly surprised. Our only criricism would be the breakfast, the eating area is nice but the food wasn't very hot, although there is a lot of selection for your choice of breakfast.",Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
1742,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1740-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,It was the worst Hilton Hotel,Staffs were not very helpfull. The Bathroom's towel rail was rusty and there was no place for our small washbag in the bathroom. The location was very good. The breakfast was very good and our 3.5 years old enjoyed her custome made breakfast from the Shef.,Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
1743,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1740-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Good - but be careful of ""offers""","We had a room only deal. Checking in was easy and we were in formed of a ""deal"" for Breakfast (£12.00). It was not made clear that this was to be booked in advance so we had a shock when the price quoted was £39.50 for 2 of us. I explained that the deal was poorly communicated at the price was reduced to 24.00 for 2 but 10% service charge was added. This was all because of poor communication in the first place and spoiled an otherwise good experience",Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
1744,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1740-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Lovely But,"Nice tidy and clean hotel - really nice rooms though some of the singles are a bit (as in really) small. Buffet breakkie is great (given that I'm not a great fan of breakfast), but 1, WiFi is rubbish at least if you are on the smoking 8th floor rooms (<1mbps) 2, Room service menu ask u to dial 1234 - all the staff and I know no one ever answers that number, but you feel you ought to try - dialling 0 (switch board) has mixed results, making your way to reception usually works - but misses the point.  When you do the latter they might offer you a 1/2 price meal or a waiver on the £5 room tray charge - but when you are on company expenses....",Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
1745,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1745-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Awful,"Having travelled extensively all over the World I have to say this hotel is awful. Check in was ok we were told '' you have a nice room'', when we got to the room it was a tatty twin that overlooked the rear bins. We should have had a king double, I rang down to reception and was answered as though I was mad to expect them to do anything about there mistake. Eventually a porter arrived at out door with new keys for a different room, no apology, no can I help with your luggage nothing. We moved ourselves to the new room which was ok. Next I rang down to order a taxi/car to take us to the west end for a theatre booking we had, I was told you don't need to book a car we can have one here in 2 minuets. an hour later down to reception we go to the concierge to get our transport to…",Date of stay: October 2015,1.0
1746,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1745-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Average hotel, far from subways","This was my first stay at a Hilton hotel, but my prior impression of Hilton was that it was a high-class fashionable hotel. And, while that may have been the case for this hotel many decades ago, now it feels a bit shabby, especially in the corridors and in the rooms. The lobby and common rooms are nice.   Internet is free, but a bit slow.   It is quite far (10 min walk) from any subway station (nearest appears to be Kensington High Road), but there is a nearby train station (2 min away, Kensington Olympia).   Finally, I forgot some things in the room, and called back to make them leave these things in the room, so that I could stay another night in the same room. When I came back, they had not left my things in the room (or nowhere else), and they had no recollection or notes…",Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
1747,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1745-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,English bus,"We had an outstanding time on the English Bus to Stonehenge, bath and the secret place. Johnny was our bus driver and tour guide and he did a terrific job. He was extremely knowledgeable on history and had a great sense of humor. I've taken other bus tours out of London and this was the best",Date of stay: September 2015,5.0
1748,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1745-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Great location - friendly staff - needs a refurb,"All the usual Hilton features - great location and had use of the executive lounge with complimentary beer and nibbles so that always good ! Rooms are a little dated, bathroom especially - however you can walk just about anywhere from there and it's perfect for Olympia - walking to Westfield London is a pleasant 15 minute walk - I would stay there again for sure",Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
1749,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1745-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,One night stay,"Just spent a wonderful night at this fantastic hotel. The room overlooked Kensington High St and was what I would have expected from a Hilton hotel.from the reception to the restaraunt. Everyone was pleasant and helpful. The room was very well presented, clean, spotless and very comfortable. Tea, coffee facilities plus the hotel boasted a Costa Coffee shop. Furnishings, decororation, carpets. Granite bathroom. Everything was spot on. Well done the Olympia excellent service. Next time in London will certainly recommend.",Date of stay: October 2015,5.0
1750,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1750-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Show,"We were attending  an exhibition at London Olympia and so chose to stay here as the location is perfect. The staff and food and service are all very good, the bedrooms are getting a little tired and need some refurbishment. I would stay again as the location is very good.",Date of stay: September 2015,4.0
1751,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1750-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Great hotel, good location","My sister and I spent 3 nights here recently for a special birthday long weekend get away. We managed to get an exceptional deal through last minute.com and although they could only offer us a double room rather than a twin it was adequate for our needs. The room itself was large enough, the bed was extremely comfy, the bathroom was clean and the shower ( although the ceiling is quite low, luckily Im vertically challenged so it didn't bother me, but if my hubby has been there he would have found showering difficult) was powerful and hot, which is always a bonus. It was quiet, if somewhat warm ( what is it with hotel rooms? why are they always so hot?) and we slept well each night. The staff were extremely helpful and friendly and an absolute pleasure to deal with, nothing was…",Date of stay: September 2015,4.0
1752,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1750-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Excellent staff!,"As a Hilton Honors Gold member I am well aware of Hilton standards both in the UK and further afield and think this hotel surpasses what I would expect in way of customer service for Hilton hotels in the UK and the room size and amenities certainly surpassed my expectations for central London. Therefore, I genuinely can't understand certain trip advisor reviews! It's London it will be busy and room sizes in general will be smaller .. Get used to it .. Get over it! As a gold member I was granted my upgrade to the executive lounge with grace. I arrived early at the hotel and whilst awaiting my room I was given a key card to access the lounge and talked through my options with points etc all extremely helpful. The lounge facilities were excellent... So even if paying for an upgrade…",Date of stay: September 2015,5.0
1753,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1750-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Hilton saved the day,"When the initial hotel we booked was not up to standard for a stay with children the lovely lady on reception at the Hilton found me a room large enough for myself and two of my children (my oldest and her Daddy had a sleepover at The British Museum)    We had a lovely clean room, with comfortable King size bed. It was really quite adorable seeing my two little children all fresh from the bath tucked up in the gigantic bed exhausted from day out. We all slept well.  Breakfast the next day was great, amazing sausages and my daughter managed to find everything that had chocolate in it so smiles all round. I didn't linger that long, as I was worried children could play up, I had not realised I could have had breakfast sent to room. I would have used that service, although the kids…",Date of stay: September 2015,5.0
1754,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1750-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Made to feel welcome,"Irene was the best front of desk person ever credit to the Hilton. We only stayed only one night and had three rooms,we did experience problems with one room and changed twice.Despite being on the front desk on her own with a big queue waiting Irene was cool and confident. Car park was small and free for blue badge owners.",Date of stay: September 2015,3.0
1755,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1755-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Dated, shabby and badly managed fire evacuation","On arrival, friendly welcome to begin with.  Asked to pay the room in advance, when the room charge was already taken care of,  they didn't believe me, so took additional payment anyway and asked me to come back to reception in the morning.  Not a great start.  Things looked up though as I was upgraded to a suite!  The 'suite' was certainly large, three rooms, bedroom, bathroom, and large lounge, but unfortunately was like something left over from the seventies.... Brown and orange furnishings that have been there decades, looking grubby and shabby, the place had a dirty feel about it.  So disappointing for a Hilton.  Everything was old and cheap looking.  Then at 4:50am, the fire alarm sounded and the hotel was evacuated.  Against all known fire safety procedures, there was no…",Date of stay: September 2015,2.0
1756,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1755-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Tired and badly in need of an update,Stayed two nights last week I found the room grubby carpet was old and needed cleaning or replacing. Bathroom had one and a bit toilet rolls and only half of one on the second night how cheap is that! Come on Hilton get your act together this hotel is way below standard I have stayed in better Premier Inns  My booking was for a delux double and £150 per night without breakfast.The noise outside was dreadful sirens going off all night obviously no soundproofed windows facing the road.In future I will be staying down the road ,Date of stay: September 2015,3.0
1757,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1755-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,not quite what we expected,"We booked this because we were visiting the Science museum and thought it would be walking distance, which it was not.  However a bus got us there OK.  Our room was number 139 and our view from the window was of a filthy downpipe, covered in bird droppings, some sort of tank and no daylight at all. It was impossible to see the sky and the room was dark as night so we could not tell what the weather was.  I really don't think we should have been made to pay the same as other guests for such an awful outlook.  The room itself was fine, clean and comfortable but to have no way to see daylight was dreadful. It was as if we had an inside cabin.  This was my husband's 65th birthday treat and the hotel experience was dreadful because of the window situation. We had ""Hilton Honours"" but…",Date of stay: September 2015,3.0
1758,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1755-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Loved it,"My husband  and i stayed here for our 25th wedding anniversary.  Upgraded on arrival,  complimentary drinks and a complimentary bottle of champagne.  The hotel was clean,  staff extremely helpful.  Would Def book again",Date of stay: April 2015,5.0
1759,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1755-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Not a very Hilton experience,"With an awesome location in Central London, I was expecting a lot from this hotel. But the room was a pretty dampener and I was not amused with the housekeeping services too. Room service was ok, laundry pickup was a nightmare requiring umpteen calls. Food was quite average",Date of stay: August 2015,3.0
1760,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1760-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Comfortable and affordable,Just spent 2 nights in this Hotel combined with the use of a conference room for a business meeting/breakfast.  The service and quality of the food was great.  The Hotel is very welcoming and staff are eager to please.    Good solid value for money.,Date of stay: September 2015,5.0
1761,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1760-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Not what I expected,"Reception was nice and flash so was expecting the room to reflect so was very shocked when I got to my room. It was very small, dated decor, noisy as the windows didn't latch closed properly, wifi wouldn't work and the air conditioning wouldn't turn off. The food in the restaurant was very nice but the service wasn't the best and it took 2.5 hrs to feed a table of 6. Wouldn't bother staying here again. Thought the Hilton had quality Hotels but it was a disappointment.",Date of stay: September 2015,2.0
1762,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1760-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,An offence to the Hilton brand,"Please, concentrate and try to imagine the worst experience you can have at a 4* Hilton hotel, whose rate is GBP240 per night. Well, you're there: that's the Hilton London Olympia. The first room that I got was no more than 15 square meters big, with only one tiny window that was locked from the inside and that had an opaque glass; the bed creaked and had a hollow in the middle; the carpet was stained and simply disgusting. Because of my complaints (I am HHonors Diamond) I was moved on the second day to what they call ""Junior Suite"", which is basically made up of two microscopic rooms without any wi-fi coverage, and with air conditioning blocked at 18 degrees C -I had to call the engineer to switch it off. In addition, this ""suite"" overlooked the main road and the glasses were…",Date of stay: September 2015,1.0
1763,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1760-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Possibly good???,"Good service at hotel but nothing outstanding!!! Fantastic location for Olympia but not good for central London...long,boring walk to nearest tube, followed by 20-30 min journey to central London. Better hotels in nicer areas available for same price.",Date of stay: August 2015,3.0
1764,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1760-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,broken and tiered.,"tv didn't work. kettle brocken, replacement kettle brocken. dreadful room service ( didn't answer the phone) noisy air con unit out see my window. musty smell. good location for working at the olympia building as long as you dont mind arriving at work tiered , grumpy and feeling over charged!",Date of stay: September 2015,1.0
1765,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1765-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Not suitable for solo traveller . Worst rooms given.,"Very disappointed with this hotel. I booked two rooms, one twin which I shared with my brother, one double room for my mother to stay in. When booking I told the agent that the size of the twin room didn't matter, as long as my mother had a nice comfortable room. We stayed for three nights.   When we arrived after a long day of travel we were told that two rooms on the same floor weren't available, I said this was absolutely fine, as long as the rooms were nice. I said this twice. We were told we could change, to be on the same floor, if we wanted in the morning. The twin room on the 5th was fine, a comfortable size with nice beds. The other room, room 145 looked directly out to the heating/air con/water piping. It was so loud she could not sleep at all. This should not be a…",Date of stay: September 2015,1.0
1766,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1765-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Birthday stay,Good:  -excellent customer service especially reservations agent O. Vuori. Extremely helpful in all my questions and super quick replying to my emails. Felt like I was getting a VIP service!  -Recognition to sharers birthday and fulfilment of request minus the requested petals. Presented with a beautiful tray of small chocolate bites and a bottle of champagne.  -Clean room  -Location  -Costa coffee right next door  Bad:  - Noisy cleaners in the morning and one even came right into the room without knocking.   - Breakfast from the Hilton was not really worth it. Had better in less expensive hotels.  - Room facing the street and a giant tree stuck to the window. Noise coming from street including reversing lorries and street traffic all through the night and especially in the…,Date of stay: September 2015,4.0
1767,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1765-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Extremely good for Kensington Olympia.,"Good standard Hilton hotel and particularly convenient for Exhibitions at Olympia.Plenty of frequent buses to Central London pass the hotel although the Tube station only opens normally at weekends ,Kensington High Street shops,facilities and Tube station is about 15 minutes walk.",Date of stay: August 2015,4.0
1768,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1765-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Friendly staff,"We had a nice room on the 4th floor, quiet when windows were closed. Staff were helpful and made you feel at ease. We really loved the bar staff, who ""looked after me"" because I was suffering from a cold - a very rare experience and it really impressed me. Not only were they a very friendly service team, but good and pretty creative as bar tenders.  A great team, absolutely ; thank you so much to Zoltan, Eugenijus, Mutinta and Anna M. So when you are at this Hilton, don't miss the bar for both snacks and drinks; you will feel at home there. The location itself is ideally situated for those who like exploring London by bus as there are at least 5 different buses which take you to Knightsbridge,  Piccadilly, Aldwych, Nottinghill, Hammersmith. Across the bridge there's a nice pub,…",Date of stay: September 2015,4.0
1769,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1765-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Not coming back ,"I drove here and went into underground car park as directed.  It's small dark, metal heavy doors closed behind me. Got my bags went to door that signed 'hotel entrance' pressed buzzer ... Kept buzzing no answer.  After 10 min got fed up phoned hotel no answer  Walked round to car entrance but doors wouldn't open  Back to buzzer again, in tears as its dark and underground.... So kept phoning hotel too. Eventually someone answered the phone. Instead of getting the door open, she said there was a passage at the other side I should go to but when I went there it was just a fire exit that wouldn't open. the lady on the phone said she would send someone down but she didn't so I kept buzzing and phoning , eventually, I was in tears by this point, tired, cold, trapped in dark…",Date of stay: September 2015,1.0
1770,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1770-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Convenient location for a London stay and good value,"We booked the Hilton London Olympia for a weekend stay when attending a Christening.  It is well located in Kensington at the far end of the High Street and right next to the Olympia.  One downside is that it is quite far away from the nearest underground station although Kensington Olympia overground is quite close.  It is at the 'wrong' end of Kensington High Street (not the posh end with all the shops) but the price reflects that.    The hotel is modern and well furnished.  We were able to check in early and, whilst our room was a little disappointing (small with an internal window) it was clean and well-equipped.  Breakfast was excellent and the staff were very accommodating.  I would certainly recommend the hotel, we have spent a lot more on much worse hotels in central…",Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
1771,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1770-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,5* Hilton stay,Stayed at this hotel for my girlfriends birthday and 5* all round for the hotel very polite staff and very nice rooms. Could see London skyline from our hotel room on the 8th floor. Surprised us with a bottle of champagne and chocolate cake,Date of stay: September 2015,5.0
1772,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1770-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Hilton? Hard to believe,"When we read negative reviews here, it often seems as though the writer is just the type of person who's very tough to please. In my reviews  I've tried to remain objective. I've written more positive ones than negative. The Hilton Olympia is probably the worst hotel I've ever stayed at in terms of value for money. The Hilton name used to mean something, but not anymore. I'm going to devote one sentence to the problems, because details would be pointless. The rooms are old and tired, the WiFi doesn't work, the hotel is as noisy as any I've experienced, the phones don't work, the sinks don't work, and the TV system is a joke according to the guy who came up to try to fix my TV.   The young people working the front desk are trying as best they can. The lineups at the desk are…",Date of stay: July 2015,1.0
1773,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1770-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,I've expected better,"Because of its perfect location I have recently stayed in Hilton Olympia hotel but I have to admit, I was a bit disappointed considering how much I've paid. I understand that you pay for the name and location, but rooms were very dated, the view from my window was onto someone else's window, there was either a quarry in the room next to mine or the person staying there was extremely passionate about moving their furniture around, and the check out took way longer than it should. Only breakfast saves Hilton's face. I'd be willing to stay there again just for those Nutella muffins! Overall average hotel; I've expected better.",Date of stay: September 2015,3.0
1774,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1770-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Great hotel, wonderful nights sleep","This hotel is lovely, the rooms and spacious with a queen sized bed and it was sooo comfy.  Good decor and tea and coffee making etc, nice bathroom with good shower.  Lovely breakfast, plenty of choice, buffet style, nice hot coffee.  Not really our choice of location as we booked with secret hotel but we were pleasantly surprised with the hotel.  Lovely bar and a costa coffee too.  Would stay again, staff friendly and offered us a voucher for the restaurant for £20 for two course plus a glass of wine which was a gorgeous meal thank you reception staff.  Breakfast was a bargain too at £12 pp. really nice stay., would recommend.",Date of stay: September 2015,5.0
1775,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1775-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Good hotel but not all staff at reception is Hilton worthy,Location is excellent. Close to olympia exhibition.  Close to Hyde Park for run or walk Hotel is getting old but well maintained  Rooms are good size beds sleep very well. Bathroom need updating but do function as needed   In the morning I did my run went up to the 6th floor and my doorcard  malfunctioned. Asking housekeeping to help me but we're not able. Oke can understand so had to go down to reception.  Arrived there many people at the desk so I ask the lady called Mary if she could help me. Having a morning mood she gives me a face and sizzes she is first finishing the gentlemen she is busy with. Mmm oke I'll wait. While finished she starts to fit on me I have to go into the cue. Lady are you serious.... I sleep 75+ nights in hotels and have never experienced this…,Date of stay: September 2015,4.0
1776,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1775-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Hilton Plain and Simple!,"Hilton Olympia maybe simple but not that simple! The hotel lobby is wide and spacious but rather dim and sad. But once you reach the registration staff their pleasant welcome cheers up the mood. The two ladies who checked us in: Mary and Mariene could not be more helpful. The rooms are large and comfortable but the style is undetermined!. Theabathroom though modernized yet sports typical British plumbing, You get used to though! The hotel is on a busy street in Kensington. Weather permitting it is a 15 minutes walk from Holland Park and half an hour from Hyde Park. It is also twenty minutes walk from Royal Albert Hall. Transportation is conveniently provided by London City double-decker buses, or by taxi. If you take the bus make sure you have an oyster ticket which is a prepaid…",Date of stay: August 2015,4.0
1777,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1775-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Nice but expensive hotel,"The hotel is a modern and quite nice place, with very good breakfast. The rooms are well equipped and clean. You have to pay for WiFi unless you are member of the Hilton club. The room I got had no WiFi signal.The area where Hilton Olympia is located is not very interesting. No good restaurants or bars nearby - you have to take a taxi to other areas. The staff in the bar was not very service minded, but the reception and concierge was okay. The hotel is overpriced if you want value for money.",Date of stay: September 2015,3.0
1778,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1775-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Hilton London Olympia - Average hotel,"Went to a medical conference and the location was alright. The check in and out were fine but we had a problem with AC, location of the room and noise of staff access doors adjacent to our room. Cleanliness was an issue too. Relatively average prices.",Date of stay: September 2015,3.0
1779,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1775-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Nice rooms, good food","Hotel is pleasant and quite conveniently located. Food was good and rooms comfortable. Unfortunately, the rooms facing the front of the hotel pick up alot of traffic noise from the busy road below.  I suggest trying to stay in a room that faces the rear of the building - failing that, ear plugs.",Date of stay: September 2015,4.0
1780,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1780-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Tired rooms,Wierd corner suite. Tv in lounge. None in. Bedroom. Tired old furniture. Bathroom ok. Whole place looks like relic from the 70s  Worse is breakfast. Horribly overpriced for very weak offer. Inattentive bored staff. V mediocre hit English buffet with many items tired or low on stock. Dirty cooking area around egg station. Weak coffee.   Definitely only go if no other choices.  Whil,Date of stay: September 2015,1.0
1781,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1780-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Not the best,"My sister booked this for me as I was visiting town and she couldn't put me up having previously said she could.  The room depressing, dark and had an air of meanness. A tray that wanted to charge for a bottle of mineral water and an air or meanness.  There was a lack of natural light, the room only had an obscured frosted window.  The bath panel was falling off.  The bed was ok and I slept well.  Breakfast was a little disapponting. The tea was weak and sausages very oniony. The beef sausage tasted like a cheap beef burger.  My parents stayed at another Hilton the same night and theirs was far superior.  A tired hotel that lacks refinement and trades on the brand rather than quality.",Date of stay: September 2015,2.0
1782,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1780-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Horrible  depressing bedrooms,"I stayed here one night on business at this hotel the reception area bar and restaurant were generally acceptable, bar staff friendly and decent breakfast but what was really disappointing was the bedrooms. Initially I was given an internal bedroom without a window with a view. The glass in the window was frosted with very little natural light coming into the room and faced a brick wall. There were no pictures on the wall and the carpet was filthy. I asked to be moved to a room on the outside of the building with a window with natural light. After half hour of waiting I was shown to a room with a window, the concierge said this is a better room, His standards must be pretty poor to say that. The bed linen was clean but the carpet was dirty so we're the curtains and the window…",Date of stay: September 2015,2.0
1783,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1780-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Very Helpful, Friendly & Good Location",A bonus that we could take our dog with us for 4 day stay in London and great location. Staff were very helpful and friendly. We expected it to be a little more dated than some of the other Hilton's - which is was - but still clean and tidy and better than the average hotel of its age.,Date of stay: August 2015,5.0
1784,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1780-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Excellent Staff @Emanuelle Front desk,"Took my daughter London for her birthday.  Warm Welcome by staff at reception.  Emanuelle was particularly helpful in arranging rooms as i prefer higher floor and a view.  Very helpful with other info about area etc.   Went out and on return He has arranged a lovely surprise in our room with amazing little treats which really made the stay amazing and although i had air con problems late at night and was an hour before it was fixed, this gesture made the stay so wonderful and my child was so happy and grateful.  Aw its the little things after all (though it was big gesture for us).  So all in all would have rated this a 3 star as air con not working and very very noisy so lack of sleep but the service made me rate it a 4.   Thanks Emanuelle xx",Date of stay: August 2015,4.0
1785,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1785-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Nice Stay,"Hotel Staff were very welcoming.  Rooms were clean in a great location.  The only downside is that it is quite dated and needs to modernised to bring it up todate with some of the other hotels around.  Using the Hotel was expensive £35.00 per day. Considering the price of the stay, there was no free  wifi.  It was £5.00 per day to use. Easy walk to Westfield Shopping Centre and loads bus stops located outside.  Train and tube station were nearby too.",Date of stay: August 2015,3.0
1786,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1785-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Not the best first impression,"Excited to be in London! We had arrived from an overnight flight from Portland, Oregon. The staff was friendly however the room didn't seem very clean at all. We found lots of dust bunnies and hair on the floor and furniture. The room seemed outdated. The size of the room was decent. Good location.",Date of stay: October 2014,3.0
1787,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1785-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Great Hotel excellent value and friendly,"After booking I was a bit worried after reading a few bad reviews,  but I have to say that the hotel although a little in need of a refurbishment in places (mainly the corridors),  was lovely and clean and staff friendly and helpful the bar area is lovely, and Eugenijuis from the bar was really friendly and helpful as was the reception staff. Amazing that they gave us a 6pm check out, which really helped make our stay perfect,  the executive bar is cosy and friendly, and our stay was great.",Date of stay: August 2015,5.0
1788,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1785-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Pleasant ,"Arrived at around 4pm on a Tuesday afternoon. Waited nearly half an hour standing at the desk waiting to be checked in and it wasn't even busy, there was one man in front of me in the queue. The rooms are nice. Huge rooms for London. Bathroom needs a refurb it's a little shabby. Don't expect a nice view from the window. Windows do a great job in keeping the noise out and there's air conditioning in the rooms so no need to open the windows anyway. It's in a great location having shepherds Bush and Kensington high Street underground station in walking distance, giving you access to the central, circle and District lines. It's in walking distance but is about 30minute walk which was okay for us. Breakfast was great they had a good choice of salads, breads, jams, croissants and…",Date of stay: August 2015,3.0
1789,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1785-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Excellent location!,"We booked a twin room for a 2 night stay and it was very convenient for public transport. Easy to get to from Kensington Olympia overground station, which is round the corner from the hotel. The bus stop is outside the hotel entrance , so it was easy to get around.  Was disappointed with the room I was given as it was dark and dreary and seemed to be located within a maze.There was a smell in the room and corridors . The hotel needs refurbishment badly. The front of house manager Sanne was really helpful and changed our room to a different floor, which made a huge difference as the room was bright and the beds very comfortable. Sanne personally sorted the room change by moving my belongings to the new room herself. Excellent customer service ! Thank you Sanne ! There is a nice…",Date of stay: August 2015,4.0
1790,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1790-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Fantastic Location and Great Breakfast,"Booked 2 twin rooms for our stay in london, this hotel is so convenient as only a 5 minute walk out of the station. The only thing is there's a lack of restaurants nearby if you want to go out for dinner, we ended up in Pizza Express. The room size was ok, slightly smaller than expected, we was also surprised to see the vending machine like fridge for the drinks, which meant we couldn't put any of our own stuff in it. The next morning, breakfast was included in our stay and it was extremely good, we arrived about 10am and it wasn't too busy. The choice of food was extremely good and I loved the muffin which had a crumble top, overall it was a good stay and staff were polite. It was also close to Shepherds bush so we went to westifeld shopping the next day.",Date of stay: January 2015,4.0
1791,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1790-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,A welcome and comfortable stay,We had a very pleasant stay here while we were volunteering at the Great British Beer Festival. It is extremely handy for attending Olympia and with the bus stops very close to the hotel the centre of London is within easy reach.  The hotel reception was very well manned with polite and helpful staff. The check-in was done very quickly and without any fuss. Our room was ready but our friends had to wait. That was no problem as we were all allowed to leave our bags with the concierge while we went to have a very welcomed coffee in Costa which is part of the hotel. As soon as the other room was ready the receptionist bought the key to our table.  Our room was very spacious and the bed was very comfortable. There was plenty of storage to put of clothes and things. On tip do not…,Date of stay: August 2015,5.0
1792,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1790-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Good h otel in need of refurb,"We stayed for 2 nights in July 2015, whilst the staff and executive level are acceptable the hotel in general is in need of a refurb. Rooms are not ideal for Hilton standards however rates are acceptable for London. If hotel had full refurb would stay again but as it stands would not book there again.",Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
1793,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1790-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Disappointing and Dated Accomodation!,"This will summarise the main points you need to know about the Hilton London Olympia hotel . The overall hotel is dated . We ordered room service when we arrived on Tuesday and we are still waiting for it (We are back home now) . The toilet slightly overflowed at the side after flushing (which was fixed) The shower is for people no taller than 5'9 . There is a lack of water pressure on the 6th floor and the noise from the piping in the walls AFTER you had used the hot water was so loud you couldn't hear the television . Apart from that, it was a big room with plenty space and very quiet down the side of the building away from the lift . Air Con was excellent - no issues .   Breakfast was average although one member of staff was very helpful topping up our juice & tea/coffee and…",Date of stay: August 2015,3.0
1794,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1790-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Great location,"This is an older hotel, the decor is 70s, with a retro feel to it. The room was spacious, clean, with lovely toiletries. The restaurant and bar were very nice and we ate a delicious meal in both. The front desk gave us a voucher for the restaurant, £20 each for two courses and a glass of wine, which was quite good value for London. The bus into central London stopped just outside the door, and was very handy on coming home from the theatre, almost door to door service. We arrived from Heathrow, caught the underground to Earls court station and then walked about 20 mins to the hotel. I find Hilton hotels a little generic and lacking in charm, but this one was a nice stay.",Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
1795,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1795-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Location versus value for money,"The location of the hotel's good and has good connectivity if you want to use the tube. A walk to Earl's Court is only about 15 minutes. The size of the room was really small considering that it was a super deluxe category. The rooms are clean and are otherwise quite basic. Breakfast is quite good considering European standards except that you are bound to find largish queues and if you're in a hurry, you may not get a table. Please plan accordingly.   Considering the price you pay, I wouldn't call it value for money.",Date of stay: August 2015,3.0
1796,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1795-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Very dated Hilton,"Rooms were not available at 3pm given one at 3.15 and told to come back to get the second we paid for well in advance and when we did it still wasn't available till 4.15. Informed the receptionist rooms were still not clean which she was clearly annoyed about even though when I checked the on-line check in availability the night before most of the third floor was available. Room number 549 had a faulty free standing floor light in that it did not work, the beds were uncomfortable but ok, pillows were great, the sink had cracks through it and the water would take an age to drain away, not enough shower gel and shampoo left for two people, the toilet rolls were just left on the floor rather than the usual stands and the shower wasn't the easiest to work out, aircon was brilliant,…",Date of stay: August 2015,3.0
1797,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1795-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Amazing and unforgettable,"We booked through a 3rd party agent as a top secret hotel for our anniversary. We arrived at 2pm (check in is 3pm) and was told to come back after 3 as they were planning something special for our anniversary. We came back at 3.30 and was told the room still wasn't available and was given 2 complimentary drink vouchers for the Society Bar. We checked in at 5.30 and there was a bottle of champagne and antipasti in our room. We were so happy and chuffed and excited at the extra special treatment we were given. Thank you so much, Hilton staff. We had a brilliant time, thanks to you for making us feel so special. The number 9 bus takes you to The Strand (theatre district). The number 10 takes you to Marble Arch, Oxford Street and Tottenham Court Road. Both buses stop outstide the…",Date of stay: August 2015,5.0
1798,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1795-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Amazing and unforgettable.,"We booked through a 3rd party agent as a top secret hotel for our anniversary.  We arrived at 2pm (check in is 3pm) and was told to come back after 3 as they were planning something special for our anniversary.  We came back at 3.30 and was told the room still wasn't available and was given 2 complimentary drink vouchers for the Society Bar.  We checked in at 5.30 and there was a bottle of champagne and antipasti in our room.  We were so happy and chuffed and excited at the extra special treatment we were given.  Thank you so much, Hilton staff.  We had a brilliannt time, thanks to you for making us feel so special. The number 9 bus takes you to The Strand (theatre district).  The number 10 takes you to Marble Arch, Oxford Street and Tottenham Court Road.  Both buses stop…",Date of stay: August 2015,5.0
1799,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1795-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Worst room,This was possibly the worst room I have ever stayed in and I travelled extensively.  School dorms are much better.  I chose Hilton because of the perceived quality brand.  The location was excellent but room was awful.  Very small and dated.,Date of stay: August 2015,2.0
1800,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1800-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,London Hilton Olympia Hotel,"I realize London an enormous, and old, historic city of which tourism is a substantial component. I also realize it is one of the most expensive cities in the world - thus including hotel rates. However, at a cost of just under $400 US for a one night's stay, I would expect better up-keep of room furnishings, the lobby, access to a reasonable fitness center and a decent breakfast. The fitness, while having the bare minimum of a cable machine, two treadmills, some dumbbells and a few core-strengthing items, was confined to the size of a small storage room down in the basement - with virtually no natural light and very minimal room to move around - that's even if you are the ONLY individual in there. For those of us who value access to quality exercise to maintain some degree of…",Date of stay: August 2015,3.0
1801,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1800-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,olympia hilton hotel,"Great staff and great location.  Front desk is very professional and friendly.  Concierge very helpful in providing information on addresses, places of interest and how to get around town.  Restaurant has great food and great room service.",Date of stay: August 2015,4.0
1802,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1800-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Location, Location, Location","This hotel is great for exploring Kensington & Chelsea.   It's a short walk to many attractions, including Holland Park & Hyde Park. It's close to tube stations, overground train station and bus stops.   The hotel has excellent staff and service, it could not be faulted.",Date of stay: August 2015,4.0
1803,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1800-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Business Trip,"Stayed here for a business course and whilst it was not too bad, I expect a higher standard from the Hilton for the price...!! The staff however were helpful and friendly and the surroundings and food were good. I would stay here again.",Date of stay: March 2015,3.0
1804,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1800-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Comfort and Convienience,This was an excellent hotel choice on Kensington High Street. It was a 15 min bus trip to central London and 5 mins into bustling High Street. The hotel itself had comfortable beds and friendly staff. The gift shop owner was particularly patient and helpful- with oyster cards and advice for the delegation of 22 people.,Date of stay: August 2015,4.0
1805,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1805-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Tired-looking place and tired staff too.,"The interior needs renewing, its all a bit grotty now, the rooms are small and dark and bathrooms no longer white.. I know, eww. It's also very expensive as it is next door to Olympia, but I really don't want to go back there even after 2 full days of standing on my high-heeled feet. Staff is helpful if you ask for help, but you can tell the passion is gone.",Date of stay: October 2014,2.0
1806,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1805-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,friendly staff and great value,"We stayed for 1 night. Staff was super friendly, knowledgeable and helpful as we first struggled with the wifi. The bed was really comfy, room was clean and quiet with air con. bathroom was clean and spacious. Extensive choice in the mini bar and free tea and coffee in the room. Only 5 minutes walk from the train station.  Will definitely stay again.",Date of stay: August 2015,4.0
1807,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1805-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Great Location, Lots of Money!","An expensive stay, and very small rooms. In hindsight I think I'd stay further out and get the tube into town.  The whole experience was soured by them losing my dry cleaning and despite being told that they have posted it back to me, 5 days later there's no sign of it. As compensation, they offered me the cost of the dry cleaning (£5.90!!) hardly a satisfactory offer.  I'll not be returning.",Date of stay: August 2015,3.0
1808,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1805-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,friendly staff - tired hotel,"staff friendly, long wait at check in and check out, nice hotel bar - expensive though, room was tired and needed updating, several things broken, good fast internet housekeeping knocked on door several times early in morning.",Date of stay: August 2015,3.0
1809,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1805-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Nice Hotel. Part of Trafalger tour,This hotel was part of our tour package. Very nice hotel. Staff very friendly. Beds are very comfortable. Recommend 2 twin beds as the option. Sheets and pillows very comfortable. Excellent breakfast. Bar is nice. Try the flavored popcorn. ,Date of stay: August 2015,5.0
1810,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1810-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Handy location,"The hotel reception staff were friendly and welcoming. Surprisingly for Concierge there is an older chap who had very little knowledge of transport options to get from the hotel to St Pancras, he told us about the metro (which was a long walk away with suitcases)  and need to change lines, so we decided to shout ourselves a cab the next day. Fortunately, we spoke to the bus driver who told us his bus #10 went directly there and with the stop right out the front!  I would have thought this type of information should be mandatory and if not mandatory, something a professional Concierge would prioritise as a bit of self development? Anyway, hotel was clean and despite being at the front of the hotel the double glazed windows did a good job to block the noise. I would stay again.",Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
1811,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1810-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Good Visit,Stayed here for 3 nights 28th-31st July for my birthday. We found the stay to be very good - staff are excellent and go out of their way to help you.  We did have an issue after the first night but the staff did everything to resolve it.  The room was clean and comfortable - however if you are at the front of the hotel it can be noisy at busy times although it didn't really bother us - remember that you are staying on a central London street and not a leafy suburb!!! We would stay here again :-),Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
1812,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1810-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Great place ,The rooms are nlce and kept clean with some hard working staff. The concierge were very helpful in our requests. The food at the breakfast is plentiful. Also the staff are so very polite.  The number 9 bus is very useful and close to the door.,Date of stay: August 2015,4.0
1813,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1810-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,You get what you pay for,My wife and I stayed for one night in July to make it easier for us attending a dinner function in the evening. We live outside of London and would have had to leave the function early so we used Trivago (sorry Tripadvisor) to find us a reasonable hotel. Knowing the Hilton brand we found the Hilton London Olympia at the right price and thought we were getting a reasonable deal for the location. We arrived at about 4pm on the Friday evening so had some relaxing time before getting ready to go to our function at 6:30pm. To our dismay when we started to get ready we found that the shower was not working and after calling reception were told it would take at least 30 mins to get someone up to our room to fix the problem. This was no good for us as we needed to leave in 30 mins so in…,Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
1814,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1810-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Smokey room terrible food,For some unbeknown reason I was placed in a smoking room which smelt so strongly of smoke I felt unwell. My clothes and belongings all smell having spent the night here which is horrible for a non smoker. The room service ordered was of a very poor quality and doesn't reflect the usual standards I have come to expect in hiltons in the capital such as the hilton at Holland Park. Really disappointing hilton!! ,Date of stay: August 2015,2.0
1815,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1815-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Acceptable!,"The Hilton Olympia London is a hotel that seems to be stuck in the 70""s, it is in desperate need of a refurbishment.  However the room was fine, the beds were very comfortable.  Breakfast has everything you could need from a buffet, no complaints at all and the breakfast service was good.  The only issue we had with this hotel was that the tube station is a fairly long walk and when you are coming late at night, we did not feel comfortable taking the tube.  They do offer Wifi facilities, but the signal is not very good at all.",Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
1816,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1815-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Booked as part of a tour,This hotel was booked as part of a tour I was with. We arrived early about 10:30 am   on an over night flight from Florida and was very pleased to be able to get into our room early. It was bit small but too be expected when in a big city.   We purchased the metro pass from the airport which was great because we took it from the airport and then a bus to the hotel. The bus system is great in the city and there is a stop right outside the hotel. To get to most of the major sites you need to take transportation and city double decker buses are great you can feel like a local while getting around. We had drinks and small food items it night with some friends that live in town. The staff seemed a little bit bothered some. But maybe that just how the Brits are? I asked for some…,Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
1817,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1815-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Hilton Kensington 2 night stay,"Lovely clean friendly hotel Shower/bath - bit of a squeeze if over 5'5 Great location if visiting the Knightbridge area Nearest tube 10-15 min walk away  Stayed in London quite a few times, varied accommodation from the Hilton to Travelodge, I have found that the Hilton can be cheaper than the Travelodge if you book in advance, the location is slighly harder to get to if you want to get to Camden, Convent Garden etc...Great if visiting Earles Court/Royal Albert AHll/Harrods ...",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
1818,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1815-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Very disappointing trip,"I wish to complain about my recent stay at London olympia, 380 kensington high road, London. I stayed there from July 29th and july 31st and payed £194.60 in advance for my 2 day trip in advance. However, on booking  I was charged additional £224, which I was not aware of. As yet, the money has not gone back into my account. The problem is that as the money went out my account it meant I was overdrawn in the account the money was taken from and I will be charged for this, being overdrawn, as well as not having the money to spend when I need it! In addition, I feel the quality was not up to the required standard I expect from your hotel and not up to the standard of the other hotels of yours I have stayed in. Grubby carpet, dirty mattress, uncleaned with dust in places and the…",Date of stay: July 2015,1.0
1819,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1815-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Average,"Hotel was what you might expect, pricey but it's London. Atrium was very well decorated and attractive, upper floors and rooms were a little more dated though. Room was medium small, very clean, bed was comfy. A couple of bottles of complimentary water would have been nice ",Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
1820,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1820-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Small room, old property, close to the Olympia","I had one night at the Hilton Olympia in connection with the London Film and Comic Con 2015. The con ended on a Sunday, and my stay was from Sunday to Monday, so I got a very low rate, whereas I noticed the rate of the rest of the weekend was pretty steep.  The lobby area looks nice, but it's a very worn and outdated property. The long hallways are not very inviting, and generally the whole hotel looks like it could use a major overhaul. I stayed in a small single room, which did look pretty decent for the low rate (less than £100 for the night). I was actually surprised that the room had a mini bar, but I couldn't get the fridge open for some reason. The flatscreen TV was a good size with an okay selection of channels, and Wi-Fi was free.   Bathroom was okay, although the…",Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
1821,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1820-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,2 1/2 star is pushing it,"This place is discusting!!  They are listed as a four star.  I'm not sure who is actually rating some of these hotels, but this is tired and needs so much work.  The rooms are so small and the bed was lumpy.  We walked in and stayed long enough to book a room somewhere else.  I wouldn't stay there if I was paid!! When we checked out minutes later there was another couple there with the same issue.  I'm not sure what their end result was but ours was to leave. If your interested in slumming it then this is the place to go!",Date of stay: July 2015,1.0
1822,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1820-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Good hotel good location,"I really have no idea what the bad reviews of this hotel are all about.  Clearly you are there to see the country not stay in your room staring at 4 walls.  Anyway, ok so the hotel needs some refurb and a good paint job.  Rooms where very clean, did not hear much noise, breakfast was excellent, location was excellent with Earls court station for the yellow and green tube lines a 15 min walk or Hammersmith tube station for yellow, green and blue line a 10 min walk ( out the hotel door and go right and walk all the way straight).  Restaurants within walking distance.  Does not cost much to use cabs to get back at night. And the staff at Hilton are amazing, loved every bit.",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
1823,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1820-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Corporate and Comfortable,"A comfortable hotel with a corporate atmosphere to be expected for the Hilton group. The double room was comfortable; the only issue was an inadequate shower curtain which meant the bathroom floor got very wet.  Avoid meddling with the mini-bar, as moving any of the ‘goodies’ automatically charges your account (and the prices are eye watering)!  Location is great with easy walking to Kensington High Street, underground, shops & restaurants.  Although windows have double glazing, there is a lot of traffic noise so try to avoid a room overlooking Holland Road which is the main north-bound thoroughfare in this part of west London.",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
1824,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1820-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"A bit outside the city, but one of the nicer hotels we stayed at in Europe!","I think the hotel makes it seem like the train stations are a lot closer than they really are to the hotel. It was a bit of a walk at night to get back to the hotel. I found the breakfast to be very good, one of the best we had while in Europe! A younger man, probably in his twenties, who worked the night shift was also very very helpful! He was able to show us how to unstop the bathroom drain, fix our television and get the lights back on in our room! They even supplied us with a different plug to charge our devices as ours was acting up during our stay. Overall, a great stay, thank you Hilton!",Date of stay: June 2015,5.0
1825,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1825-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel ,"The outside of the hotel is a bit drab looking but the inside is modern and clean. The junior suite was really nice - big and clean, although the bathroom was a little dated and the bed was as squeaky as anything! Squeeked every time you moved a muscle. Quite noisy as well - some double glazing or better sealants on the windows would help at night but we were so tired from sightseeing we were out like lights! The executive lounge was gorgeous, great range of breakfast, hors d'oeuvres and drinks and the staff are great.  Reception staff were lovely and really helpful. The tube station Olympia is a 5 min walk away from the hotel walking up the street directly across the road rather than walking the 10-15 mins to Kensington high street one. I would come back ",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
1826,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1825-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Adequate hotel without the wow factor,"I stayed at this hotel for two nights from the 17-19 July 2015 for a convention. The check in was smooth and efficient and no problems were to be found there.  When I got to the room, I found it to adequately suit my needs, even if the room was a little small and disappointing, considering the price paid per night for the room - there were some nice views though and you could see Wembley Stadium as well, which was a nice touch as I am into football.  The room was perfectly fine amenity wise and for its cleanliness. The TV was a bit difficult to get your head around in terms of operating it but once you got the hang of it, it was fine. Everything in the room was fine and the bed was perfectly fine, too.   The hotel was well positioned as well in being able to get to the…",Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
1827,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1825-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Birthday stay,"My mum & I recently booked this hotel for two nights for our London trip - we are always on the lookout for affordable and central locations as we always end up on Oxford Street! When looking at the tube map online I thought it looked pretty simple to get to, a simple district line on the underground to Kensington Olympia - although, we were told that the special service that stops pretty much outside the hotel only really runs on a weekend or if an event is happening at the Olympia.. so we either had to get the overground or sit on a sticky bus for around 40 minutes to get to Oxford Circus area. So, this was the only downside to booking here! It was in a nice area, the staff were friendly and helpful (especially as we arrived a couple of hours earlier than our check in time and…",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
1828,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1825-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Stayed for 2 nights with wife and baby,Very nice hotel good location although the nearest tube stations are a 10-15 minute walk away. We had asked when we booked for a cot in the room which for some reason had not reached the hotel by the time we arrived! The member of staff who took us to our room told us on route to our room that there wouldn't be enough space in the room for a cot and on closer inspection he wasn't wrong! The staff were extremely helpful in sorting this out by giving us a much bigger room and making sure there was a bath for the baby. We didn't eat at the hotel but we did make good use of the costa coffee that was part of the hotel. We were on the front of the hotel which faced the main road it did get a little noisy at nighttime which wasn't too much of a problem but it is worth noting we paid a…,Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
1829,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1825-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Fabulous gift shop staff ,Hotel was ok. Praise goes to the guy running the little gift shop in the foyer who was so helpful to so many people in the lobby.far more so than the concierge who were less than helpful when it came to airport transfers. Ask the man in the gift shop.  ,Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
1830,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1830-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Just OK,"My husband and I spent two nights at the Hilton London Olympia.  The hotel has a few pros but many more cons.  Pros ~ friendly staff, clean room, and near good restaurants  Cons ~ spotty WiFi, a ten minute (not five which was stated on their website) walk from the two nearest tube stations,  lumpy bed, small room, street noise  We probably will not stay at this hotel again when we return to London.",Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
1831,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1830-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Not bad - could do with a make over,Stayed one night at the Hotel and all in all it was fine. Check in and out took too long in my opinion - longish line and not enough on reception desk. Once at the desk it was efficient and pleasant.  The room was clean but dark and a little jaded- could really do with a make over.  Breakfast was really good - great selection. Service and staff good.  I would stay here again if in london on business. ,Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
1832,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1830-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Nice hotel, great location, friendly staff","This is my hotel of choice in London. It is well priced for a 3-4 star hotel. The location is very convenient as several buses and the tube run almost right outside to shopping areas and sights. It has a very nice and comfortable lounge. The breakfast buffet selection was also very good. Our room was quiet as it faced the back streets. The room was impeccably clean and looked new. Housekeeping staff were responsive to requests. I stayed here twice this month. Every time I have stayed here over several years, I have felt welcome and have been extremely satisfied with my stays.",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
1833,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1830-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Decent hotel but check your tube connections,Only here for 1 night and ate elsewhere in the evening but my wife said the breakfast was good. Also apparently the staff told her I could have had a takeaway breakfast bag made up if I had wanted as I needed to leave early morning. Stayed here on what was the hottest day of 2015 so far and pleased to say the a/c worked fine however we'd walked from Earls Court the as the Olympia tube section was closed as there was nothing on. Arrived very hot and moist having dragged luggage far too far. Kensington High Street tube is nearer and it would help if the hotel directions made this much clearer.  Small room but perfectly fine.,Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
1834,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1830-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Worst concierge possible ,"We stayed at the Olympia at the end of our holiday, and what a disappointment the awful concierge ruined the day. When he promised to book an airport transfer, he lied, didn't book it and made a fuss about helping us get to Heathrow for a flight.  On the other hand, the man in the gift shop was one of the most helpful, friendly and wonderful people (who probably doesn't even work for the hotel!). He helped countless people get around, offered free advice and was just wonderful.  Don't trust the concierge ",Date of stay: July 2015,2.0
1835,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1835-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Hilton not for me,"It's another Hilton on my list and unfortunately it is not for me. I chose this one over another hotel in the area mainly because I still remember my great experience from HH in Berlin.  Don't get me wrong, the receptionists were very helpful and nice. I got a slight upgrade to my booking. Always a nice touch. However, I personally don't like the specific smell that UK Hiltons rooms have. I was advised that might be the cleaning chemicals. Well, whatever that was I struggled to get used to it.  Bed comfortable though:-)",Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
1836,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1835-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Awful internet connection,"It was our second visit. In 2012, it was perfect. However, now in 2015, the hotel is already old. It even smells kinda funny. However, what was really bad was the internet connection, it was hardly working and very very very slow, if you do need a connection during your stay, avoid this place.",Date of stay: July 2015,2.0
1837,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1835-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Four night stay for London Film & Comic Con,"I chose the Hilton as it's location was perfect for the Olympia. Good looking hotel, friendly staff and nice rooms (I was in a small individual room which suited my needs - plug sockets, coffee/tea in the morning and a well lit, huge mirror for my vanity)  I would/will definitely stay here again and can't think of any negatives about my stay, in fact they were the best 4 days of my life. Until next time!",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
1838,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1835-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Bit out of the way,"It's an older hotel.  I had a mixed experience here.  The staff were on some days really unbelievably good, and also horrifically terrible on different days.  It was a real mix.  I also got a bit of a poor room which was next to a lift shaft which was noisy until about 10pm.  The restaurant was really pretty good and the staff in there were really quite fantastic.   It's about a 15/20 minute walk from Sheperds Bush tube.",Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
1839,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1835-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Frustrating tip system,We stay here every year on business for five nights. If it wasn't so handy for Olympia I would stay elsewhere. It is very expensive for what you get. The rooms are pretty drab but what is most frustrating is that you have to pay a service charge in the bar. When im paying £9 for s glass of wine I don't want to pay a tip too!,Date of stay: March 2015,3.0
1840,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1840-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Terrible Hotel and Service,"I have had to stay at this hotel regularly for work. Other than its terrible 1970's throwback decor its in a generally good location although terribly loud.   I have a heart condition and i request for a room with A/C to keep me cool. This is the 4th time in as many visits i have had to change room. very few rooms are fitted with A/C most have a fan through the heating system that the staff seem to think is A/C.  I have no idea what happens above on this corner of the hotel but thre must be some kind or machinery/laundry room up there as the regular bursts of noise are ear drum bursting.  The staff keep saying there fully booked, how I don't know!!!  The polite staff at reception asked me if i would like my breakfast packed up the next morning as i was leaving early, i thought…",Date of stay: July 2015,1.0
1841,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1840-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Really good ,Really good. Kensington is a bit far away from the central typically touristy parts of London. However it is a beautiful area and easy to commute to. I stayed there for work which was not optimal though. Great personal and ok rooms. Did not try their menu. ,Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
1842,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1840-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,good experience,"first trip to london with my teenage daughter , chose this hotel as it was close to Olympia as going to IMATS, we were given an upgrade on arrival and room was nice but bathroom small. staff all friendly and helpful. Paid extra for breakfast buffet which was terrific, lots to choose from. Liked the area as it was not too busy for first visit. Would stay here again.",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
1843,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1840-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Good Hotel - perfect location for Olympia,"Stayed here for the London Comic Com. It is a 15 minute walk from Kensington High Street tube station and a 5 minute walk to Olympia. Fast check in, helpful staff ,nice reception area leading through to a costa coffee shop. The room was clean, comfy large bed, with good facilities. I did not eat dinner at the hotel but the meals seemed reasonably priced. Breakfast in the morning was of a really good standard, with hot food( bacon,eggs, hash browns, sausages etc) and a good variety of fresh fruit, yoghurts and pastries. The waiting staff were excellent, very helpful, polite and took time to have a quick chat. Outside the hotel there was a chemist on the corner and a good variety of shops/ restaurants/ cafes all within a 15 minute walk. I would definitely stay at this hotel again.",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
1844,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1840-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Expensive Suite, terrible service ","Having a signing to do at a local convention I booked into a junior suite.   The suite itself is dated, a throwback to the seventies (nearly £900 for three nights I hasten to add), the shower trickles water, the bed uncomfortable, the horns and sirens from traffic outside diabolical, the walls so thin you can easily hear people walking and talking. But this wasn't the worst of it.  Morning one: went for breakfast in executive suite. My card for access wouldn't work. Lady there was rude to me asking if I should have been there and only treated me with respect when she realised I was in the right place.  I got the suite so I could hide away and enjoy quiet room service. In the evening I ordered two meals at 21:30. Food is served until 22:00. We were told it was a long wait. Fine.…",Date of stay: July 2015,1.0
1845,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1845-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,good hotel great location for olympia,"stayed here for London comic con (taking daughter). Hotel has good location, comfortable & on site parking. Wifi is fast & appreciated upgrade to club room. Would definitely stay here again if on business",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
1846,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1845-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Old Hilton that needs a referb,"This Hilton is due a referb.  The staff are good and the location is ok if you like High Street Kensington - I would stay in Soho if I wasn't in the area for business.  Anyway, the hotel bar is dated, the food is ok and the rooms are starting to show age.  Biggest issue was that the shower is too short.  Due to a lowered ceiling in the bathroom my arms were hitting the ceiling when washing my hair in the shower.  And I'm only 6 foot tall...",Date of stay: July 2015,2.0
1847,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1845-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Good if you're in an Executive room / Gold Hhonors member or above,"I've read a number of other reviews on here where the rooms are criticised.  My experience is different but in my 3-4 stays here I have always been upgraded to an Executive Room, probably because of my HHonors level (currently Gold).  This also gives me access to the Executive Lounge, which is very nice for breakfast and for check-in/out.  The staff have always been very friendly and welcoming.  The location is a little awkward for me because the nearest tube station is a 10-15 minute walk but I use the overground trains at Olympia (5 mins walk) to go to Clapham Junction and then in to Waterloo where I work when in London.  However it is conveniently located for Kensington Hight Street for restaurants and a stroll in one of the parks.",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
1848,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1845-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,You will be disappointed,"Hilton London Olympia This outdated, spartan, mouldy hotel does not belong in the Hilton chain.  Would never stay there again.  Asked to be moved from my black mouldy room which the staff looked after but the black mould was never removed from my room.",Date of stay: June 2015,2.0
1849,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1845-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,London Meetings,Staff was great but missed the high quality of Hilton Hotels.  Rooms were in need of a major renovation to meet Hilton's normal standards.  Quality of rooms offset by a much better than average breakfast.  Location makes in convenient to downtown London.,Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
1850,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1850-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Fairly central location but internet access VERY poor in room,"I was on a coach tour so I would imagine rooms are given a group discount.  Location of room both coming into the tour and after finishing the tour was very poor (too far from the lifts and there are short stairs right on the floor even if you take a lift to your floor). Tough to lug heavy luggage).  Also because of distant location of room, internet access IN the room was terrible.  Got on once (but weak signal), other times could not unless in the lobby & restaurant, where internet access was excellent.",Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
1851,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1850-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,A hotel with rather poor room quality for Hilton,"The first room that was offered to me a strong smell of chinese food. It was changed for a room on the 7th floor where the bathroom was not that great. The toilet flush did not function properly and the shower in the bathtub was a bit awkward to use. Overall it was just about fine as the hotel does have its own private parking (although at 35 pounds, on the expensive side)",Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
1852,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1850-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Few Bumps But Good,"The hotel was nice. When I first got to the room, there was some brown spots on the pillow. The management fixed the issue and cleaned the room again. Outside of that, the room was very nice and modern. It is convenient to Kensington Olympia station and the No. 9 and 10 bus lines that run into Central London. The staff forgot my bath towels which was inconvenient when I had to rush back to the hotel, shower and then head back out.   It is easy to get to the train line to Heathrow from this hotel.",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
1853,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1850-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Disgrace to the Hilton chain,"I was asked to do digital check-in, which I did or a promised upgrade to the best available room. The receptionist flatly denied that they ever do so. On reading the email on my phone, she finally offered me an upgrade - for 30+ GBP. I pointed out that it was supposed to be complientary. She pointed out that the email says subject to availability and, alas, the hotel was fully booked. (so he not only lied, but in a silly and blatant way) I ended up in very smelly tiny room, with bathtub bottom thoroughly un-savoury. Check on websites showed that a large variety of rooms was available on severql sites- at some 40% cheaper than I paid on the hiltonhonors website. So the receptionist lied and, to add injury to insult, I was overcharged. Email to the manger resulted in an ""upgrade""…",Date of stay: July 2015,2.0
1854,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1850-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Good hotel for the price,"We booked this hotel on offer- it was good value for money in central London. The location is central, but not as close as one would like to the tube stations. Was not a problem for us. The rooms are a little dated, but overall it was a nice stay with no problems.",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
1855,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1855-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Well located,"The Hotel is well located. There is a good bus connection to the Paddington station which I needed. The furniture of the Hotel is quite old. I have expected a bit more from Hilton for the price I paid. The Internt access in my room was not strong at all so at the end I needed to use my data roaming. The staff is kind and takes a great care but I to me they seemed a bit overloaded with work trying to do everything. At the evening I waited several minutes to enter the Hotel which was locked. this surprised me a bit. Overall, the Hotel is clean, only small remarkes for the bathroom.  Breakfast was amazing!! Depending on what you are lookig for, you might consider taking a room. (but it does not correspond on 100% with the pictures)",Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
1856,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1855-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,weekend trip,"lovely hotel with friendly staff, great food and some great cocktails , clean and tidy rooms except no dressing gown in room and none sent up after asking front desk ,  short distance to tube and easy links into city even when engineering works on district line all weekend.  overall a great stay and would return to this hotel.",Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
1857,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1855-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Good location near Olympia exhibition hall,"Great location if you are attending a show at the Olympia Exhibition Hall. Less than 5 min walk from there - and 10 min from good shopping at High Street Kensington. However, the hotel could use an update - it is very dark when it comes to colours and light. And find it expensive in comparison to the standard of the hotel. But would still stay there again next time I attend a show at Olympia.",Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
1858,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1855-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Convenient in Knightsbridge Area,This Hilton is well located in a section of London.  The rooms and customer service is very good.  However the wifi system needs improvements.  The only place with good wifi connectivity is in the lobby.,Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
1859,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1855-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Not what I expect from the Hilton Brand,Our experience at this hotel was very poor from checking in to checking out.  Customer service in our view was non-existent.  I have never experienced such poor service from the Hilton Brand in any stay at a Hilton Hotel.  There needs to be a vast improvement at Olympia,Date of stay: July 2015,2.0
1860,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1860-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Great Hotel in central London,"This is a great value for money hotel - centrally located, easy check in check out - staff super helpful , room clean and has everything you need for a night away from home. Convenient Taxi's right outside the door.",Date of stay: July 2015,5.0
1861,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1860-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Tatty, stinky broom closet...","The headline says everything.   + Positive • Stuff: very friendly. Tried to help to get a better room. • Lobby looks ok/acceptable  - Negative • Floor: strange smell (mouldy) • Room: I've nothing against small rooms. But it's 3:30 a.m and I'm sitting in the lobby because I can't stay and sleep in my room. It's smelling like meldew, very old unwashed, mouldy curtain, dirty carpet etc. My shoes liked the sticky tiles in the bathroom. Funny sound. Shower?! No, thanks. Bath tub is a colour mixture of yellow and white. Cleaned Towels smell strange. During night, you'll hear all your neighbours who are having a cough, sex or just farting. Windows are very, very old and do not seal very well. So in that case you can even hear the wonderful sound of many airconditions 24/7 (if you're…",Date of stay: July 2015,1.0
1862,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1860-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Disappointed,"Visited here for work and I am glad it was just work as I was disappointed with the room, the bed was well just wider than a singe and the bathroom was in need on some much needed TLC. I understand I am in London but having stayed in many hotels over the years I was left a little gutted by the standard of this Hilton. The receptionist staff were however very friendly and could not offer to do enough. Ok for business use but not for a romantic weekend away.",Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
1863,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1860-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,OK for the location,"A little off the beaten track as it's a 15-20 min walk to the nearest convenient Tube, but ideal for Olympia if working or visiting an exhibition.  It's about a £15 cab ride from Paddington Station.  I may have been expecting more of the Hilton name, but having been here a few times I've come to know what to expect.  Better the last time, but nothing special, so grab a deal when you book rather than paying rack rates.  I've had rooms with poor fitting double glazing, various light bulbs not working and even a piece of sharp carpet gripper rod poking up through the carpet for a nighttime toe to discover.  I always wonder why hotels don't have a check list to ensure everything is fine and working in rooms, but then it is a big task.  Where I've never had a complaint are the…",Date of stay: May 2015,3.0
1864,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1860-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,I expected more,Reception service was very good and efficient. The room is a bit tiny even for a one person stay. The bathroom looks like it needs some renovation. Breakfast is great. Very divers and nutritious. Location is problematic. No nearby metro station,Date of stay: May 2015,3.0
1865,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1865-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Grreat hotel,"I will start by Praising Staff they were all polite helpful and pleasant a credit to the Hilton chain. As I say great hotel about 10 min walk to underground bus stop nearly outside door. Good breakfast plenty choice never ate dinner in hotel but had some good deals,  Bar area very comfortable and pleasant more of a adult feel suited us fine. Never tried Gym but looked good Now the bad, we upgraded to deluxe room but room was a bit of a let down, odd smell not damp but something, tiles broke in bath room, bathroom door did not close, if you were tall might be a problem with shower. Now I did not complain to staff who i am sure would have tried to help, to be honest if I had  been switched to another room and discovered more problems would have tainted holiday. I am putting this…",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
1866,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1865-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Loud broken window,The window would not close completely and room has all the noise of the busy street outside. Second stay for business at this hotel and second time to have a window mechanism that will not close tightly.  Poor nights sleep due to street noise and hotel was completely sold out so no opportunity to change rooms. Evening staff was courteous but unable to fix window after engineering hours.   Mattress had a permanent low spot and need replacing.  TV reception was very poor.,Date of stay: July 2015,2.0
1867,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1865-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Ideal for what we needed,Lovely clean hotel. Excellent facilities. We were attending an event at the Olympia event centre which was around the corner. Tube station was a little walk away as the Olympia tube station wasn't running. We paid extra for breakfast £24 for the 2 of us. We then paid £20 in Garfunkels which wasn't all you can eat.,Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
1868,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1865-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Great service, poor rooms","I booked a room at a discount so we could be right next to Olympia for a show. Location was excellent (right next door to Olympia) as was the check-in service. The let-down came as we got out of the lift and saw the very dated corridor (6th floor) and then the room. Not the level I would expect from the Hilton brand, and so the discount we got in the booking seemed much less of a good deal. I'd hope that maybe this is not typical of the other floors/rooms, but can't verify. I would very likely choose a different hotel next time around.",Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
1869,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1865-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Efficient Business Hotel,"Whilst exhibiting at Olympia during May of this year, it was crucial that our hotel provided WiFi, was clean, functional and offering a good breakfast early morning as lunch was not guaranteed if we were busy......and generally, exhibition food is not that good. We arrived mid evening having first set up at Olympia.  A member of staff offered to carry our bags as soon as he saw come up from the car park.  Simple and smooth Booking in process,  friendly staff, upon enquiring about late dining we were given directions by the concierge to a good Italian restaurant within walking distance......which was superb. The room was more than adequate, clean and fresh, comfortable bed and with the option to have a open window which I prefer, once you zone out the traffic noise; to aircon. …",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
1870,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1870-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Anouk was amazing!!! ,Anouk schrover and eugenijus Zujus  the bar staff at the the Hilton where by far the best bartenders I have ever had the pleasure of serving me! They were very polite and professional and anouk made the best Mojito I've ever had! Luke was also amazing and very funny! In my eyes the staff always make my night and they went above and beyond to make it extra special and cool! Thank you Hilton and especially the staff! See you again soon!:-D ,Date of stay: June 2015,5.0
1871,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1870-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Throwback,"Were it not for the location then this is a blot on the Hilton Landscape. The seemingly impressive facade of the reception and first floor bar are all very nice. Step into the lift and then you get transported in a time warp to the seventies as you emerge on the third floor (in my case). Dark wood, dark brown and orange carpeting in a dimly lit hallway took me to my 'suite'. A stuff, poorly furnished little room with poor ventilation tucked away into a corner.  The fact that it is a 3 minute walk from Olympia is it's only redeeming quality. A totally ghastly, tired, hotel in need of lots of TLC. I note people complaining about the noise...get over it your in London waddya expect? sheep baaing and tranquil streams!!!!!",Date of stay: June 2015,2.0
1872,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1870-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Don't stay!,"The lobby and restaurant are recently refurbished but my bedroom and bathroom were like a tired Spanish holiday hotel and in desperate need of refurbishment.   The breakfast was good value (£12 when paid for in advance) with a huge variety of food catering for every nationality. The dinner was good though I suspect microwaved and expensive (£22 for lamb) but the chilled rose was good value. This hotel really lets the Hilton brand down.  I am sure that there will be plans to refurbish the bedrooms but, in the meantime, I came away feeling ashamed that we (as a country) were offering accommodation to overseas visitors (at probably +£200 a night) that was of this quality.  London has worked hard over that past few years to get away from the label of being overpriced with poor value…",Date of stay: June 2015,2.0
1873,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1870-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Pitstop overnighter when attending an event,"Friendly front staff and concierge - room was comfy and clean. What hurt my scores was the traffic noise - racer boys up and down Kensington High Street all night - accompanied by police in pursuit! Yawn yawn, such a shame as great exhibition location otherwise providing a safe Hilton performance.",Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
1874,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1870-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,One of Hilton's worst Hotels,"Stayed at the hotel with business colleagues during June due to its location for an Exhibition event nearby. My room was upgraded to a suite due to reservation booking issues (online system crashed) my findings are as follows Pros:-  Good Location for Olympia Exhibition halls Restaurant food quality very good, Bar service slow but OK, drinks quality Good Concierge service Very good.  Cons:- In 1970 it was probably a great hotel, its now in dire need of an upgrade. Air con rubbish, its just a hot/cold blower. left room feeling hot and clammy Wifi didn't work, had to use mobile phone in the end to access email room service didn't bring correct drinks - attention to detail lacking and slow. Bath had base enamel missing, needed replacing. Shower over bath was very basic and cleaners…",Date of stay: June 2015,1.0
1875,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1875-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Good hotel for business or pleasure,"Stayed at this hotel for one night on a business trip and chose it for its price not location. As it is handy for the tube you can get anywhere in London fairly easily. In fact my meeting was over near Liverpool St and I was there in less than 30 mins.  I had a room on the 8th floor and facing the road. Despite this it was not noisy. The staff are very helpful and friendly. Did not eat in the hotel for dinner as there are lots of restaurants nearby. Breakfast was normal Hilton high standard.  For tourists this is a good location for museums in west London, Harrods and most other tourist locations. Also easy tube/rail connections to Heathrow and Gatwick.",Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
1876,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1875-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Good place to stay for a work trip,"Room was nice, clean & comfortable. Breakfast in the executive lounge was the traditional English breakfast, along with cereals, cheeses, meats, oatmeal & yogurts.  Good spread, nice room to eat breakfast.",Date of stay: July 2014,4.0
1877,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1875-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Good Place!,I stayed here for 4 nights. The room interiors were okayish. The reception staff was good. The laundry service was up to the mark. I also used taxi service of this hotel that was reasonably priced (as compared to black cabs) and prompt as well.,Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
1878,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1875-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Good Location Old hotel,"Location very convenient to access from Heathrow, as well as underground and buses. Hotel need a must needed revamp of rooms and services. Bed was uncomfortable and bathroom did not work properly. Shower and celling was under 6 feet while standing in the bathtub",Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
1879,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1875-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Hotel was tired 3 years ago,"You're welcome to read my other Hilton reviews, many glowing. I stay at Hilton's a lot. I won't be staying at the Olympia again, unless it's my last alternative. As per my title, it's really really tired, worn carpets, smells damp, it needs some serious money spent on it. It comes no where near the standard you'd expect from a Hilton.  The service is rubbish too. In the morning it was ten deep at check out. Thank god I'd filled in the express letter. The wifi is all but unusable The aircon is a joke.  It sit's on Kensington High St, so if you're room is in the front of the hotel don't expect to get any sleep with the traffic noise. If you're not  visiting Olympia, then unless you plan on spending hours in cabs fighting your way through Knightsbridge, forget it too. It's miles…",Date of stay: June 2015,2.0
1880,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1880-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Work trip - fairly standard business hotel,Hotel was ok.  Very small rooms and tiny bathroom (Typical London).  I would say geared up for the business traveler and very convenient if you need to go to Olympia (which is where I was working).  Bar was a bit impersonal and breakfast was mobbed and took a long time.  Checkout was also slow so give yourself time.,Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
1881,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1880-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Bar and restaurant good, rooms not to standard for cost.","We stayed for three nights and there was constant niggles relating to service. We were travelling as two couples and we arrived at separate times, our room was ready at 2pm but our friends arrived three hours later then had to wait another hour and a half for their room when they had given their arrival time to the hotel when booking. They did however offer free drinks and free breakfast by way of apology. The room was clean but the showers in the bathroom are only suited to someone under 5'6"" which meant my 6'2"" husband had to crouch down to shower. Housekeeping each day managed to miss something whether it was leaving dirty glasses or not replacing the correct number of towels just little things but at the cost you don't expect it. Language barriers with the reception staff…",Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
1882,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1880-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Not worth the Hilton brand,"Stayed here with 20 odd colleagues this week, and really wasnt impressive.  Room was snug rather than generous,  with a view if a brick wall and a noisy A/C unit. In need of a refurbishment. Decent shower. Iron and board in room. WiFi rubbish, TV poor. Breakfast food lovely service mediocre,  didn't even get a cuppa one day.  Dinner service was sloooooooow beyond belief and pricey food but decent quality. Waited 50 minutes for starters that we had pre-ordered and were all having the same. Wine took an age to come and we ended up helping ourselves   Bar £11.40 for a G&T including a quid service charge!  Ludicrous.   Wouldn't stay there on my money I'm afraid, and will recommend to work we don't return.",Date of stay: June 2015,2.0
1883,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1880-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Poor room maintenance,"Room internet didn't work (told it would work if on a floor where the hub was, on the even numbered floors!) so had to move rooms. Heating in room didn't work so it was extremely cold as only cold air came out and when maintenance ""fixed"" it, it was no different. No resolution over the 3 days we stayed there.  Sticky brown substance over the table in the room on arrival like brown sauce - not pleasant!",Date of stay: June 2015,2.0
1884,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1880-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Definitely not a HILTON!!!,"The hotel is decent, but definitely doesn't live up to the hilton standard.   We spent 4 nights here and the stay was comfortable. Rooms were big and spacious but the bathrooms are old and tired.   The location however was not the best. Practically no tube connectivity so you're dependant on the buses. On a busy day it can easily take 45 minutes to an hour to get to Oxford Street.  ",Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
1885,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1885-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Worst hotel experience ever...,"Stayed for 8 nights for a business trip. Check in was lovely, unfortunate everything went downhill from there. The price for WiFi is absolutely ridiculous and you have to keep logging in every time you want to logon. On day 4 I found out a water pipe had burst which not only meant I could barely brush my teeth before work, but also took out the crappy WiFi for the next day. At no time did the hotel work to inform guests about this, and when I called down they suggested I try the local sports gym if I needed to shower - ummm okay?  Upon checkout when I tried to dispute some of the WiFi charges I was told perhaps if I was a Hilton Honors member I would have had a better experience. Wow....needless to say this will be my last time staying here. It's a shame since our company had…",Date of stay: June 2015,1.0
1886,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1885-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Birthday weekend,Have stayed here before a few years ago. The hotel has been renovated since then and was a great place to stay. We opted for an executive room as we were able to take advantage of the executive lounge which even offered a full English breakfast and not just the usual continental you get in most others. Great corner room on the 7th floor but I'll be honest and say we could still hear the traffic noise. Food in the restaurant was different so make sure you check what you order. My meal came without any form of potatoes but what I had was very tasty.,Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
1887,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1885-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Needs a refurb..,Busy hotel. Was initially given a very strange room with little light but was immediately switched on request. Clean rooms but badly in need of a refurb.  Shower (in the bath) only catered for those under 5ft 5ins so not brilliant - bad showers a pet hate of mine. Not a huge amount of electrical sockets. Wifi irritating as it kept dropping out & you have to keep inputting your details. A Costa downstairs. ,Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
1888,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1885-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Wonderful Staff, Weak Location (Except for Olympia Conference Centre)","Just spent 4 pretty comfortable nights at this property.  Strengths ------------- 1) Staff - Hilton staffs this hotel with enthusiastic young people from all over Europe. They are fun and delightful! Made a substantial difference in my enjoyment of the stay. For my purposes, the outgoing young staff pretty well counterbalanced the weaknesses mentioned below.  2) Olympia Conference Centre - if you are attending an event at this conference centre, then this hotel is clearly the very most convenient choice.  3) Internet Service - there was a little confusion about how to access it. However, once I got it setup, the performance was really, really fast. The best hotel internet service I can remember.  4) Costa Coffee in Lobby - The lobby has a very large, well staffed Costa Coffee…",Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
1889,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1885-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Complimentary TOENAILS in the room,"Vile, disgusting place. I arrived to a filthy room. TOENAILS on the desk. Dirty towels on the furniture. Faecal stains in the toilet. Awful. The third room I was given was acceptable. I should have demanded my money back and left.",Date of stay: June 2015,1.0
1890,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1890-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,A disappointing experience,"Although I had pre booked a delux room for 3 nights, confirmed prior to arrival (spoke to Nolan) and on checking in ( Ipancio ) we were given a standard room, which was small and dated. I rang Housekeeping for robes and slippers to be told they were not provided in a standard room. My suspicions were confirmed. We had unpacked etc but we returned to Reception who admitted we had not been told the truth. They offered us another room but it was on the busy High Street and due to our heavy commitments to celebrate my husbands 70th( dinner with our son at Massimos,, War Horse, tea at the Dorchester and a concert at the Royal Albert Hall ) we were forced to decline it. However we were given entry to the Executive Lounge which again we were only able to visit once Secondly I requested…",Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
1891,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1890-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Just well....nice,Hotel check in staff and concierge excellent. Hallways are weird and means you go up and downstairs to get to your room.To avoid paying 15 pounds for wi-fi at check in just set yourself up with Hilton Honors program and it's free. We stayed here as part of a start to a Trafalgar tour. It is older but clean...seems like in a decent residential area. Costa coffee shop open from 7-7. Rooms could handle some refab and quite dark but those working were friendly. Acceptable but nothing to write home about.,Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
1892,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1890-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,One night stand,We went with my husband for one night and toke the dog with us. Room was ok but bathroom was very small and the bed was horrible. We had room in 7 floor but the window was tint. Air condition very loud. Breakfast was great.  Nice reception aria. But definitely not staying  there again.,Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
1893,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1890-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,A Perfect Stay,"The location (Kensington Area) was excellent. My room was comfortable, well-appointed, clean with a large window (it opened) and quiet. It was near the back as I requested. The bathroom was also clean and there was a hand bar in the tub/shower, something I always look for. The staff just couldn't do enough for me. Internet cost in the bedrooms but free in the lobby, bar and diningroom.",Date of stay: June 2015,5.0
1894,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1890-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Not much different since the last time,"Stayed here again during my most recent visit to London.  It's close to my office and I'm Hilton Diamond so it's hard not to come here.  Let me summarise the good and not so good. Room - 811 on the corner so not overlooking Kensington High Street.  Room is quiet but very small. Breakfast - I never have any complaints about the buffet here.  Lots of variety, all nice and fresh. Wi - Fi - free but abysmal, continually dropping out.  Hardly worth bothering with. Gym - very small but ok if not crowded. Value for money -  not great.  £289 a night is kind of insane really.  I didn't try the Exec Lounge this time so cannot comment.   If you can get this for a reasonable price then go for it but really not worth the money when you can get the Conrad St James for a similar rate.",Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
1895,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1895-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Hilton Olympia Hotel London,"Staff were fantastic, My sister and I took my Niece to London for her 4th birthday so she could see the sights of London, from the start the staff were accommodating. My niece wanted the ducks that were on the desk but unfortunately there non left,so they took the ones from the desk put them in a box with a kinder egg and some other chocolates so she would wake up with them on her birthday...My niece was ecstatic... she came and woke me up shouting I have the ducks the birthday Fairies brought me the ducks...So thank you to all the staff at the Hilton Olympia London...Oh and the food was amazing the staff in the restaurant were accommodating when my niece went in to a song and dance routine and left her to it so thank you ... will definitely stay there again....we had a corner…",Date of stay: May 2015,5.0
1896,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1895-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Weekend break ,"Good standard of hotel, clean and comfortable. No pictures in the rooms made it feel.a bit bland.   We did have to change rooms as air conditioning in the first room didn't work. They tried to fix it but had to.move us. Which they did with no quibbles. It's a fair walk from Kensington high Street tube.. But there is a bus stop outside, which proved a great help. ",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
1897,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1895-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Nice,"They went above and beyond, we need an extra bed they said no problem and had it in our room with in 15 min, they even brought extra towels and shampoo, and everything else we might have needed. They were also very polite. made our stay enjoyable, and the breakfast was very very good, lots of choices.",Date of stay: May 2015,5.0
1898,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1895-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Don't stay here if you're tired and hungry!,Very slow check in/check out. The room service food was very quick to arrive but had probably been prepared hours earlier as it was almost inedible. The mattress very tired and lumpy and far below the quality one would normally expect at a Hilton.,Date of stay: June 2015,2.0
1899,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1895-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Great for events at Olympia - but a bit noisy,"This hotel is the closest to Olympia (2 minutes walk) and is a great base for events.  The hotel does book its bar out to exhibitors so be prepared to wander to a local bar if you need a drink when Olympia is busy. Rooms at the front of the hotel can be noisy (I was on the 6th floor.. woken regularly by emergency vehicle sirens as they passed the hotel. The most important thing for me at any hotel is a good nights sleep, a decent shower and a good breakfast.  Unfortunately the bed was uncomfortable and the room was noisy.",Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
1900,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1900-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Horrid experience,I have stayed in many Hilton hotels and holiday resorts and this hotel is NO WAY to the standard expected of the brand. My check in experience was discusting as my partner was made to feel cheap and degraded as we are a couple from mixed origins. The assumption we were not an established couple and having to check her in and explain our relationship was discusting. Had she been Caucasian as I am there wouldn't have been even an eyebrow raised...   Old tired rooms and bathrooms.. Very very poor check in experience.. Would not recommend this hotel to anyone irrelevant of race..!!!!  ,Date of stay: June 2015,1.0
1901,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1900-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Top Hilton Standard as always,"I stayed here on a recommendation from colleagues and it will definitely now be my hotel of choice for my London business trips. Great location within walking distance of various tube lines. Large selection of places to go and eat especially in High St Kensington but I ate in the hotel restaurant on my first stay and it didn't disappoint. Beautifully cooked food, fair price, happy and extremely helpful staff. The hotel rooms are exactly what you would expect from a Hilton; clean, comfortable and modern. I had a room on the main road and while you could hear the traffic in the morning while getting ready (you are in busy London don't complain) it didn't actually wake me up like other places I have stayed. 10/10",Date of stay: May 2015,5.0
1902,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1900-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Surprisingly good-despite reviews on here!,"I booked this via Last Minute, Secret Hotels. When I found out it was this hotel, I read the reviews on here and was filled with horror. BUT I was pleasantly surprised, as the hotel was great. Good location, lovely room and quiet. Concierge were good and we were able to leave our bags whilst going for our car.  The only issue was you could hear the wardrobe door sliding loudly, from the room next door. It was loud but I always take ear plugs, so no issue. So, not luxurious but clean, quiet and located at the end of kensington high street. Only 5 mins quick walk to the tube.",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
1903,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1900-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Not Hilton Standard,"Comparing to other Hilton Hotels, the rooms are very poor and little. Good breakfastk, nice bar, rooms poor and old fashioned, without any decoration, WiFi  incredible expensive, window not really to open and in front of a wall with clima-aggregat.",Date of stay: May 2015,3.0
1904,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1900-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Only the location lets it down,"The hotel was as you would expect, clean and tidy.  The nearest tube was a fair walk away, which was a bit tiresome.  Although near to the Olympia station, its not open very often.  Nice and near the Olympia exhibition centre so great if that is the purpose of your stay. Our room was a little noisy from traffic on the street below, but that was because the window wouldn't seal shut.  Didn't complain about it so wont make an issue of it. However, told staff on departure so hopefully it is fixed now",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
1905,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1905-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Poor value for money and chaotic breakfast.,"I stayed here on business in an overpriced room. The hotel is in a reasonable location and busy with visitors to the Olympia exhibition space. My room was ok, but a big walk down long narrow corridors. Breakfast in the morning was chaotic. I had a long wait to be seated and when I returned from the counter, they had seated others at my table and I had to wait again for another table to be found despite having my breakfast in my hand. I would avoid this place given the choice as there are many more better value hotels in the London area.",Date of stay: May 2015,2.0
1906,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1905-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Not convinced,"I stayed one night in this hotel because of a job fair. I booked my room via internet.  The hotel is in not such an attractive environment at about 1 km from luxury hotels etc. The hotel doesn't have a drive in, I had to step out of the taxi on the road. Entrance and reception are OK. My room was far under the image we all have of Hilton.When I came in the room I noticed immediately a smell of sewer.  I am not a big guy, but I could not fit through the narrow bathroom door, I had to enter sideways. The room was very small and looked dated. Everything worked incl. internet. The restaurant was nearly empty around 21:00. The service was very friendly, the rare guests were complaining about the slow service. Mine was OK. One of the concierges tried to sell me a mini-cab ride for the…",Date of stay: May 2015,3.0
1907,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1905-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Location and Comfort,"Working or visiting Olympia you couldn't find a better placed location, friendly and comfortable Close to all local amenities Clean, comfortable Room a bit difficult to find Breakfast good but needs a really good muesli",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
1908,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1905-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Is This Really A Hilton Hotel?,"My partner and I booked this hotel over the bank holiday weekend and were very excited to stay at a Hilton. Unfortunately our expectations were sorely let down, this must be the worst hotel in London that I've ever stayed in I wish I'd stayed at Premier Inn.  Check -In: We'd checked in quite late at 9pm. We got a taxi from Earl's Court (£6) since its quite difficult to get to Kensington Olympia and it's now always opened. Enrique checked us in after being unable to find our reservation he was quite friendly and gave us vouchers for the £20 2 course dinner and £12 Full English Buffet Breakfast which I enquired about as room service which he said was fine and breakfast stared at 6.30am as my partner had work at 8am. We checked about in room dining with 2 other members of staff who…",Date of stay: May 2015,2.0
1909,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1905-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Reasonable Hotel,"A short stay of 2 nights recently allowed me to experience this busy hotel and I was pleasantly surprised overall.  An older building (as most in London are) but decorated in a modern and stylish way making it more appealing.  Rooms weren't huge and the two of us had trouble getting around twin beds with luggage but that and the bathroom were clean.  The breakfast/restaurant area was huge and had a lovely outlook.  A few small things to be aware of though -  1) Our room overlooked Holland Road which was noisy at night. 2) The pillows were feather with no other options and a choice would have been more to the Hilton standard. 3) Although there is an elevator, we still had to drag out luggage up approx 6 steps up to our room half way along the corridor. 4) The closest tube station…",Date of stay: May 2015,3.0
1910,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1910-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Ok hotel,"The rooms are not that big, but the hotel is OK, Just what you expect ehen choosing a hilton, the wifi is terrible, its really slow, the staff is nice and helpfull, the bathroom is a lil bit small....",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
1911,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1910-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Very poor Hilton service,The service is very poor. Access to Executive Lounge was promissed but never worked. Room service after 10pm has very limitd offer and in my case was 'lost' in the process and never arrived. The rooms are very old looking and run down. I havent stayed in such a low class hotel with Hilton ever. ,Date of stay: May 2015,1.0
1912,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1910-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Vacation in London,London was the first stop in our tour of Europe.  We thoroughly enjoyed staying in your hotel.  The restaurant and bar staff provided excellent service and the restaurant supervisor Andrea Vinciati was particularly helpful and considerate.  We will remember that special dinner for the rest of our lives.,Date of stay: April 2015,5.0
1913,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1910-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,The worst experience in 15 years travelling...,I wont return to this hotel ever. I still cant believe that a chain like Hilton can offer such terrible service. Rude staff that didnt offer any solution to the problem that they made with my reservation.,Date of stay: May 2015,1.0
1914,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1910-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Very pleasant and well located hotel,"Apart from there being very little space for the two large suitcases that we had with us, the room was comfortable, quiet and well appointed. The hotel was recommended by Trafalgar Tours and was used for arrival in London from Melbourne as well as a stopping off place for our return from our European Tour.",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
1915,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1915-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Nice Hotel on Weekdays,"This motel is definitely customer service oriented and has a great breakfast buffet.  However, you do not want to be staying at this motel on a Saturday night, especially when your motel room faces the street.  There were motorcycle races going on until about 3:00 a.m.  We were shocked.  It is such a busy street during the day and we would have thought that the motel would have called to complain to the local police force.   But, either the local police didn't care that this was going on, or no one bothered to report it.  So, a word to the wise...stay somewhere else on the weekend if you want to sleep!",Date of stay: April 2015,3.0
1916,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1915-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Great service,"The hotel staff we're excellent, service great, food was very good and well priced for London. We had a double deluxe room which without doubt was the  narrowest room I have ever stayed in but the bed was very big and so comfortable. For a really good bar meal try the burger it was very tasty and very well presented. Great stay.",Date of stay: March 2015,4.0
1917,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1915-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Good hotel with excellent service,"HLO is located 300m away from the Kensington Olympia Station, which has London Underground, London Overground as well as the National Rail services. This means your connectivity is superb. 200m away is YAS, an Iranian restaurant that opens till 4am. Hotel has a good breakfast buffet too, and service from the staff are always excellent.",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
1918,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1915-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,A pleasant hotel!,"We stayed here for one Saturday night as we had gotten a secret hotel deal which was very reasonably priced. The hotel itself was in a good location, a short walk from the station, and with shops and restaurants nearby. We were upgraded to a slightly better room, which was lovely. The room had everything you would need, and beds were comfy. Would stay here again.",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
1919,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1915-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Theatre stay,"Went to see a show Theatre Royal Drury Lane and its quite a way away ,couldnt fault the hotel though we even found a lovely little pub tucked away down a side street .Walking distance from Kensington Olympia station .",Date of stay: July 2014,4.0
1920,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1920-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Great Location,This is a slightly older property.  A little tired around the edges.  The staff was absolutely Hilton quality.  They wanted you to have a great experience.  The food in the hotel was excellent.  Serves were attentive and helpful.  The concierge staff gave great recommendations and new the area.  No free wifi in rooms.  The location on the bus route made everything readily accessible.,Date of stay: May 2015,3.0
1921,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1920-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Weekend Break,"We wanted a hotel on the west side of London near Kensington High Street and we found a good deal at the Kensington Olympia.  We have always found Hilton hotels to be of a good standard and felt reasonably confident that we would not be disappointed. On booking we requested a quiet room and the room we were given on the fifth floor was indeed very quiet.  It was however quite small and there was a faint musty smell which I noticed other guests had mentioned.  We kept the windows open so it was not so noticeable, and it was not so bad that we felt we needed to complain.  Apart from that we found the hotel staff to be friendly, helpful and welcoming.  The restaurant served excellent food and had a lovely ambience.  Breakfast was well managed with a super selection of foods and the…",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
1922,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1920-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,getting better day by day,"I was in this hotel for several times,and for each stay they are improving themselves.This is a good new.One of their lift was out of order during our stay and that cause some problems,it should be repaired very quickly but they didnt and this was not acceptable.Staff are so helpful and they gave us a good room against to main road but this time I didnt understand why but we hear the traffic a lot,there might be a problem with the isolation of the windows ,they must take care about it.Breakfast was as usual,no problem.wifi you can use every part of the hotel but every time they need a password and this is time waste,it shouldnt need the password every time,if they solve this problem it will be lovely.Thank you to the management and especially to Miss juile Allen.",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
1923,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1920-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Business,"First approach to reception, friendly welcome from Carl. Polite and informative, have a business dinner and the restaurant served and amazing steak. Perfect dinner. The room big and just exactly what I need to Have a perfect night before a big day tomorrow. ",Date of stay: May 2015,5.0
1924,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1920-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Quirky and really wonderful atmosphere,"Kensington Olympia is at the Western end of High St Kensington, close to London's West End.  I spent two nights there recently and I was not disappointed.  My room, 810 on the 8th floor (West Side), overlooked Olympia and the railway tracks.  Lying awake in my bed the sound reminded me of Paul Simon's lyrics ""Train in the Distance - Everybody think it's true"".  Well, this hotel is as true as they get.    I stay in a lot of hotels and the management and staff at this one are tip top.  From check-in to room service to the cleaning staff to the waiting staff to the breakfast.. well, you get it.  This creates a marvellous homely but professional atmosphere that left me purring.  I would be the first one to criticise, and not everything is perfect (one out of three elevators out of…",Date of stay: May 2015,5.0
1925,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1925-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Bookings,Booking on line or on the phone proved to be difficult and there was no confirmation email provided after the booking was made on line. I was told they could not take a booking over the phone and that I had to make a booking on there website. Which I did and then I was informed that I could not get a confirmation email for the booking as it was a non refundable booking. Even after speaking to customer service and was promised to receive a confirmation of the booking it still did not arrive. On arrival I was told my credit card was declined and there was no mention of this when I spoke to customer service. I still need to check if I have paid twice.,Date of stay: May 2015,3.0
1926,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1925-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Very satisfied,"Ww have been there for 3 nights me and my girlfriend the hotel is beautiful elegant and modern, the room was quote big and modern, in the 5 floor and very silent. The bathroom was very beautiful. The location wasnt the best one but you can take a bus near by that bring you quote easly to the city center. Good the Little equipped gym inside the hotel open 24 hours.",Date of stay: June 2014,4.0
1927,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1925-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Highly Over Rated Hotel,"The best aspect of this hotel is their breakfast. That's it!  The nearest tube stop is a mile away because the Kessington Olympia stop only runs on weekends and special events which is something they fail to mention in the Hilton HHonors website.  Being a Gold HHonors member no access is given to the Executive Lounge. This only happens if you stay in an executive suite which is also not mentioned on their website? Usually gold and diamond members have access to executive lounges without renting the suites in other hotels or ii's disclosed on the website as such. The check in staff I had were not exactly friendly, but rather rude, patronizing so the experience wasn't pleasant. They don't offer maps or suggestions where to go in London. This was our first visit. This hotel must be…",Date of stay: May 2015,2.0
1928,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1925-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Older Hotel that needs to be renovated,"Second time I have stayed at the Hilton Olympia in London in the last 24 months.  Both of my visits were in April.  Each time the weather was rather chilly and the hotel heating did not work.  The first time the hotel provided me with a space heater to warm my room as they were unable to repair the heating.  I did not even ask during the second visit and simply used more blankets at night.  The hotel seems moderately run down and dated and is in dire need of a facelift.  Most of my colleagues made comments regarding the less than stellar cleanliness of their rooms.  The staff is friendly and helpful, but the facility needs to be refreshed.  Additionally, two unauthorized overnight room charges were made to my account after I checked out.  I was able to call the hotel and have…",Date of stay: April 2015,3.0
1929,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1925-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Dated hotel with some good features,"The hotel itself looks way past its prime, the room In was given was extremely spacious with a large comfortable bed but both the carpets and the bathroom are well past their best. The shower area wasn't high enough for me to able to stand up straight in either. It's a pleasant enough place to stay if you get a decent price. There's not much around the hotel however until you get into Kensington which is 10 mins walk away.  The better features were the excellent breakfast and friendly staff who couldn't do enough for you.   The Internet at £14.99 per day is scandalous - Hilton are way behind other hotels here.",Date of stay: May 2015,3.0
1930,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1930-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Great hotel for Olympia,"Great hotel, friendly and efficient staff at reception and excellent service for breakfast with plenty of variety. The rooms have everything you would need and a comfortable sleep. Would definitely use this hotel again.",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
1931,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1930-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,West end show london,"Had a lovely stay at the Hilton. Staff extremely welcoming and friendly. The food was excellent and considering the location, not overly priced. Nothing was too much trouble for the staff. Breakfast was included and the choice was vast.   The check in time for us was 3pm, however we arrived at midday, not expecting to be able to check in, how wrong we were, 5 mins later we were in our room.   Parking facilities are under the hotel, so no worries about the safety of the car. All in all an excellent and very pleasant stay. ",Date of stay: May 2015,5.0
1932,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1930-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Tired and overpriced hotel in decent location,The Hilton Olympia is living on it's brand name.  Money had been spent in the lobby and restaurant but sadly the guestrooms have been neglected and and in poor repair and in desperate need of a face lift.  Location is decent with overland station nearby but long walk to underground which is the easiest way to get around town.  This is often the lowest priced Hilton offering and with good reason.  If no other choices or your loyalty to Hilton prevails then take a room otherwise look elsewhere.,Date of stay: May 2015,2.0
1933,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1930-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Hilton,"This hotel is in a good location and is walking distance to London Olympia.   The staff are very friendly and helpful. I would stay again if I had to stay over after an Olympia event.   One minor detail, due to location traffic noise does affect sleep.",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
1934,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1930-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Very old and tired hotel,"We stayed at this hotel for one night. We were not so happy with our stay. The reception looks good and the reception staff is very nice but the good things end there. The hotel feels very old and tired. The doors to the rooms look so old, like from the 70s. Our room was terrible and we did not want to stay there one minute more than necessary. The carpet had big stains on it, the windows were old and almost broken, the bathroom was terrible, no ventilation and it smelt of mould and moisture. This Hilton is a disgrace to other Hilton hotels. Luckily we stayed only one night, otherwise we would have changed hotels or something. We changed rooms one time at the hotel but that did not help.",Date of stay: May 2015,2.0
1935,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1935-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Old,noisy rooms with fabolous breakfast ","We stayed for 3 nights. Rooms are tiny,old and with very thin walls. You can easily hear peoples talks at next doors. Elevetors are small and not working properly. The hotel is about 20 minutes walk distance to underground. The only good thing about hotel is its breakfast. It is very rich,tasty  and the service at breakfast room is very good. If you want to see more places in a few days you better find a better hotel.",None,2.0
1936,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1935-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Doesn't have to try too hard so doesn't!,It's an OK hotel with adequate rooms and a reasonable (but expensive) optional breakfast but it is it's close proximity to Olympia (about 200 yds) that makes people book there. For the money I expected a higher standard but got average.,Date of stay: April 2015,3.0
1937,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1935-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,London,The staff at the Hilton London Olympia were friendly and very helpful. Our room was comfortable and clean. The breakfast exceeded our expectations. Transportation around London was close and easily accessed. Could not have had a better experience!,Date of stay: May 2015,5.0
1938,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1935-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,fair  accommodation,( poor service ( ex. No water provide in the room no Arabic channel on TV provided in the room noisy sound little bit in the room Rickety furniture any request from the room service they will not provided as they will forget  no internet service in the room,Date of stay: May 2015,3.0
1939,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1935-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Not what I expected from a Hilton.,"The hotel was a good price considering how close to everything it is. The main London museums are only a half hour walk away and it is located a few minutes walk from a tube station. The room was clean and comfortable upon our arrival.  However our room was right next to a lift shaft which meant that every few minutes we could hear the doors of the lift slam shut. This continued throughout our stay. I was also disappointed with the staff treatment there. Three times during our visit a staff member knocked on our door and then immediately after used a key to enter. To be frank, this meant that every time I was almost caught getting out of the shower or getting dressed, which made me feel very uncomfortable. Perhaps it was my own fault for not using the 'do not disturb' sign but I…",Date of stay: May 2015,3.0
1940,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1940-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Good Hotel Let Down By Restaurant Service,"Stayed 2 nights while visiting the Ideal Home Exhibition. Good location, room was very good and clean and quiet. We were booked in by a very helpful receptionist who recommended the restaurant as he said the food was vey good so we booked a table for 8.30 . We arrived at  the restaurant that evening at 8.25 and after 30 minutes not even being offered a drink a member of the bar staff took our order, we ordered 2 courses and I must say the food was excellent but we were served during the evening by 5 different members of staff and the service was that slow we did not leave the restaurant until 11.00, the restaurant was not busy. Although the staff that served us were very friendly there seemed to be a lack of direction and service was at best hap hazard. The second night we…",Date of stay: April 2015,3.0
1941,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1940-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Disappointment for a Hilton ,Upon check in room was ready. Front desk staff was very nice. Room however was not. It was the side of a shoebox. The air conditioning did not work and the Internet was useless. Don't pay for something that doesn't work. The only way to get some air flow into the room was to open the window. The unfortunate side of this is the street noise. Even at 2 am there is major traffic on the street.  The room was clean and the bed was comfortable. That's about the only good points this property had. With all the hotel choices in London I recommend this only as a last resort. ,Date of stay: May 2015,1.0
1942,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1940-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Great Location,"Hotel is in a great location for getting around London but without the daft prices. It was cheaper than the the 3 star Ibis at Earls Court.   Within a short walk of Hyde Park and only a few minutes underground tube ride to London Eye, Leicester Square, Covent Garden etc",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
1943,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1940-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Good for a business trip very convenient location,"Stayed for a convention and found the location very convenient, clean rooms, good service easy bus access to city center.  Pros: Clean, easy access and pleasent  Cons: Not much to do restaurant, pub or attractions nearby - so it is good for a clean place to rest after a busy work day.",Date of stay: February 2015,4.0
1944,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1940-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Hilton by name, not by nature...","I booked the hotel with great anticipation, unfortunately the whole experience left a sour taste in my mouth.  Things didn't get off to the best start, check in time was 3pm, we arrived at 1pm and enquired whether an early check-in was available, no rooms were ready which was fair enough so we left our bags with the concierge and went and had some lunch. Having had lunch and making our way back to the front desk we again tried to check in, again to be told that we couldn't do so as it was not yet 3pm, although at 2:55pm I did personally find it a bit petty for the sake of 5 minutes!  After 3rd time lucky, we were assigned our room, made our way to it, and things quickly started going downhill; a few points that became apparent during our stay are...  1. There was barely enough…",Date of stay: April 2015,2.0
1945,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1945-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,4 Night Stay For Conference,"Hotel is in a hectic part of London and therefore rooms at the front are noisy so ask for a room at the back of the hotel.  Rooms are a bit tired and could use some tlc/renovation, but they were clean.  I'm 6ft 2ins tall and standing in the shower I hit the ceiling so had to bend at the knees to shower successfully!  TV didn't work properly in room but as I wasn't in the room much, didn't bother to get it fixed.  Wi-fi isn't good and drops out quite often, which isn't ideal for a business stay.  Food is excellent and the bar area and conference facilities are good.  Staff are very friendly and helpful.",Date of stay: April 2015,4.0
1946,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1945-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Great experience! ,Myself and my friend stayed here for a weekend trip!  The location is excellent.  There is an over ground stop around the corner or else it's about a ten minute walk from the underground.   Our room was extremely comfortable. It was a good size and the beds were too! There's a television in the room that has decent channels.  We were able to bring food up to our room and chill out watching E4. Wifi doesn't come free with the room but we were signed up to their mailing list on arrival and received complementary wifi.   The staff were also extremely friendly! There is a gift shop in the lobby and the gentleman who works there was extremely helpful. We weren't sure on the pricing of travel and he was able to explain it all to us.     There weren't a lot of plugs in the room and I…,Date of stay: April 2015,4.0
1947,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1945-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Very pleasant experience,"We stayed at Hilton Olympia Kensington prior to and following our European tour and were pleasantly surprised as I had read another review saying the hotel needed a makeover however this hotel has been tastefully refurbished. Our rooms were spotless & included all necessary facilities, comfy bed decent pillows, free wifi  and ATM in lobby area. The food in the Society  Restaurant was excellent with interesting up to date dinner menu and generous buffet hot/cold breakfast & table service. Overall the most outstanding impression was made by the staff in all areas of the Hilton  Olympia who were professional, warm, friendly and knowledgeable. They are certainly the most impressive asset to this hotel. Our waiter Eugenijus  Zujus provided very pleasant efficient table service &…",Date of stay: April 2015,5.0
1948,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1945-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Average,"Good location, average experience.  I don't think I would visit this location again. I do think there is a lot of room for improvement in terms of the quality of service. It is in a decent location but service was below average",Date of stay: April 2015,3.0
1949,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1945-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Perfect location for Olympia,"Very functional, exact standard for Hilton. Food in the hotel restaurant was fantastic for money. Had the 2 courses for £20, included a glass wine (not amazing but drinkable), but the food itself was absolutely delicious! Try to avoid rooms overlooking the railway line as the heavy freight trains head through from 3.30am!",Date of stay: April 2015,4.0
1950,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1950-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Never Again - How can this be a Hilton,"Arrived to attend an exhibition at Olympia.  Check-in was functional and quick and I soon found myself in my first room.  The musky smell on opening the door to the room was overpowering.  I immediately went back down to reception and they arranged another room without really an apology. The second room still had a musky sort of smell but not as bad as the first room, however the windows was open. I closed the window, the window handles were hanging off, but the window did close.  I then went off to Olympia to set up for the exhibition. On returning back to my room and opening the door, the same awful smell greeted me.  Being late I decided just to open the window and make do until the next day. ON leaving the hotel on day 2 for the exhibition I informed reception of the smelly…",Date of stay: April 2015,1.0
1951,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1950-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Better than expected,"We got a pretty good deal on last minute for a Friday night and although it is not exactly central or very close to the tube station, it was more than good for us. The hotel looks nice and we got a quite big room(416). Loved the bed and the curtains did their job in the morning. We found the tv to be a bit confusing and kind of hard to find something to watch. Check-in was extremely fast and efficient ( thank you Enrique ). Check out was a bit different as the receptionist didn't seem very interested in us being there. I think the staff is professional but could be a bit more friendly. Very small minuses and definitely more positive things to say about this hotel. I'd definitely come back if we would get the same good deal.",Date of stay: April 2015,4.0
1952,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1950-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Worse Hilton I have EVER stayed in - desperately needs renovating,"OK first the positives...  1. location 2. breakfast was OK 3. bed was comfortable  Now the negatives...  First room I was given reeked of a musky smell - complained and they said they'd send someone up to the room - then went to run a bath and found several hairs stuck to the bath - also found lots of dust in many areas on the room.  Clearly the room had not been cleaned correctly.  I moved to a second room - room was bigger but smelled even worse than the first room - Third room - I was given an even bigger room (space was NOT my issue) room smelled ok but the bathroom did not have a bath and was kitted out for people with disabilities. Fourth room - MASSIVE room , smell was bearable and had bath.  Settled here.  I honestly cannot believe this property is a Hilton one.  I…",Date of stay: February 2015,1.0
1953,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1950-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Great if you get a good rate,"I got this booking in an excellent deal for a 4 night stay as a 'top secret' hotel on a popular booking website.   Was a bit concerned when I read some of the recent reviews on here. I can see where they were coming from, but my stay was largely pleasant.  I found the décor and decoration of the room and the bathroom to be clean and all quite tasteful. Lounging around in the room was relaxing, even with the noise. And that brings us to one big problem: the double glazing is way past its replacement date, and, as the hotel is on the main road through West Kensington, it is pretty noisy in the daytime, and also it was quite draughty and a little cold - the draught moved the net curtain at times, in chilly March weather. The management really should replace the windows in the…",Date of stay: March 2015,3.0
1954,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1950-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Good location.,Booked this hotel through Lastminute.com for their top secret hotel as I needed a cheap place to stay in central London and I was not disappointed. I knew the hotel was in Kensington which suited my travel needs and booking through last minute made the stay a lot cheaper than booking through the hotel. I stayed in a large room which was very comfortable for just myself. Did not stay for breakfast but the concierge were great and I was able to leave my bag for several hours after I had checked out. Only free wifi available is in the lobby and is only available for an hour which was very inconvenient especially as there is on street wifi in the surrounding area for free which is also kindly blocked in the hotel. I had a room on the fifth floor overlooking Kensington High Street…,Date of stay: April 2015,4.0
1955,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1955-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,tour,"Nice and clean...excellent breakfast, excellent dinner.  We had to tell the chef how good it was.  The staff was attentive and went out of their way at every level.  We didn't like the 4 block walk to the Big Bus, but the city busses were very close.  Nice hotel.",Date of stay: April 2015,4.0
1956,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1955-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Enjoyed our stay,"My wife and I visited the Ideal Home Exhibition nearby and opted to stay here for one night. We were greeted well, checked in fast, upgraded room was offered and well received as we are Hilton Honours card holders, and the overall stay was very pleasant. I didn't experience anything negative about the hotel apart from the terribly slow WiFi connection, it was worse than the old dial up! The hotel looks like an eyesore from the outside but on the inside it's modern and contemporary. The rooms and all of the public spaces were clean and I didn't see anything broken or not working. Staff were all friendly and the breakfast was excellent. I would certainly go back to this hotel if I was in the area again, no problem at all.",Date of stay: March 2015,4.0
1957,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1955-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Pleasantly surprised ,"We booked this hotel mainly for the price and location. I was pleasantly surprised! Check in was informative and despite arriving three hours before check in, we were given a room. The room and bathroom are both a good size, and both were clean with good facilities . We were given a room facing the road but the noise didn't bother me at all -  I had a good night's sleep both nights. We had breakfast at the hotel which was plentiful with lots of choice -  I felt like the price was very fair.  The only negative point is that we couldn't get the TV to work. But I'm sure this would have been fixed if we had contacted reception.  ",Date of stay: April 2015,4.0
1958,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1955-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,bad hotel staff,"2 things: 1. 1 week before we arrived I called the hotel to asked to noted that we would like to check in early and he said : Even though I noted you won""t allow to check in early because the check in time is 15;00 I was so dissappointed so I asked his name : CARLI ADAM, I might wrote first name wrong because when I asked him to spel it he won""t even do it. 2. back to the hotel from dinner on the saturday night 4 april, the porter stopped us at the enterence and said : do you stay in this hotel? I reply : yes, than he said : you have to notified first to the reception! what I meant is : Those staff were impolite and brutal, they never used the normal proffesionality like : PLEASE, THANK YOU, or SORRY. maybe because almost all of them aren't local they all seemed to us…",Date of stay: April 2015,2.0
1959,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1955-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Average Hotel with Expensive Prices,"The room in the hotels we stayed in was very small and dark with no natural light coming into the room. The room was also very warm which couldn't be cooled and we couldn't open the window as it looked over the hotel central heating system which was very noisy. On a plus side, when we complained, the staff were very helpful and offered us compensation.",Date of stay: March 2015,3.0
1960,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1960-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Over priced afternoon tea,"We went here for afternoon tea for a hen party. The hotel did not have any atmosphere it took hours for the bar staff to make a cocktail...there was about 3 bar staff on and we waited half an hour to get served.  I was expecting afternoon tea.....It was buffet style help yourself. The staff didnt even bring us coffee or tea, we had to go and line up like we were at the school canteen with our plates. It was terrible. I really wouldn't recommend coming here for afternoon tea or cocktails. The sandwiches were crusty and the scones you could throw at someone and it would knock them out cold out they were that hard....really not impressed at all!!!! £40 for some cake and tea??? shocking",Date of stay: April 2015,1.0
1961,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1960-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Hilton Olymia Hotel London,Staying in London for a friends wedding. Greeted by very helpful friendly staff. Gave us one of the two booked rooms early so we could change...at no extra cost! Were able to leave our car in the car park while we visited London the next day for a reasonable cost. All in all a very good and happy experience all round,Date of stay: April 2015,5.0
1962,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1960-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Fantastic in every way,"I checked into this hotel being in a wheelchair i usually ask about the fire evacuation procedures. They were the first hotel to ever go through it without me needing to ask. They had a lift that would take you to areas that were usually only accessible by stairs the staff was extremely helpful especially Carl. The restaurant staff was brilliant especially the restaurant manager who was very helpful. Had a fantastic time and will gladly stay again. My room was very nice and clean, had everything i needed and more.",Date of stay: February 2015,5.0
1963,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1960-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,one night stay,Hotel is a 2min walk from Olympia. The rooms were great and spotless clean.I was in a single room which was good sized room complete with bath.Staff in both the restaurant and at check-in were very polite and efficient.I wouldn't hesitate to stay her again if visiting an event in Olympia.,Date of stay: March 2015,4.0
1964,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1960-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,comfortable and convenient for Olympia,After reading reviews i was concerned about staying here but i had nothing to worry about. The staff were polite friendly and informative. The room was clean and bed was very comfy plenty of pillows. We booked 2 rooms we were given complimentary water and one room got macaroons. Check in and out was quick and efficent. Would stay again.,Date of stay: March 2015,4.0
1965,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1965-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Nothing like a Hilton - a cheap budget hotel at best,"The fact this hotel carries the name of Hilton is quite frankly appalling. The bed had a cheap uncomfortable spring mattress resulting in me waking up with a bad back, the bathroom was minuscule, the outdated toilet had a cheap plastic seat and a loose handle, the room had scuffs and marks all over, the view from the window looked directly on to a grey concrete block of flats and dirty air conditioning units, and - worst of all - the towels was practically threadbare and they smelled. The walls were paper thin resulting in every creak and noise being perfectly audible, especially from the restaurant below.  How this hotel has the audacity to charge the prices they do is unforgivable. If this were advertised as a budget hotel I might have been more forgiving but to try and pass…",Date of stay: April 2015,1.0
1966,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1965-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Great location for Olympia,The location of this hotel is ideal when visiting exhibitions at Olympia. Stayed with my wife and two adult children. Enjoyed our stay at the hotel good value with reasonable size rooms. The evening meal was excellent and great value.,Date of stay: April 2015,4.0
1967,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1965-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Excellent stay,"Stayed here at the weekend and can't fault it at all. Staff were very welcoming, friendly and professional.  Bed was very comfy and although room faced into the main road there was little noise. Room was spotless, as was the hotel lobby, and they quickly changed the beds from a double to a twin to suit us. Didn't eat in the hotel but had a few cocktails in the bar which were great. Would highly recommend the hotel and would stay again.",Date of stay: March 2015,5.0
1968,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1965-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Excellent service,"I went to society bar for a quick meal. Was served by Luke who looked after me very well, he was very nice and kind and even surprised me with an amazing desert as I said I had no idea what I want. The service was beyond excellent which made me want to stay for longer. The food was cooked by 'chef' Lewis and Inigo which tasted amazing. In total the service and the food was incredible. Defiantly will come back to the Society Bar and will recommend to friends/family.",Date of stay: March 2015,5.0
1969,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1965-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Great location, great staff...Great stay","Hotel location was very convenient for visiting my customer in Kensington area. My room was a bit small and decor was not great, but overall accomodation was tidy. Staff was very pleasant and polite. Food quality was very good. Food presentation was original and very professional. Thanks to Gabriel C. and Andrea P. for their very nice and helpful suggestions over dinner menus.",Date of stay: March 2015,4.0
1970,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1970-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Good location,This hotel had good sized clean rooms.  Good facilities and staff were helpful. Served lovely strawberry champagne cocktails in the bar too! Reasonably priced for London. Well located for tubes and travel into central.,Date of stay: March 2015,4.0
1971,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1970-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Great location, great staff","Fantastic location, minutes walk from Kensington Olympia tube station and surrounded by cafés and shops. Friendly staff and the standard of the room was very good. Free wifi throughout the hotel however, there was also good facilities for computer use/printing etc.",Date of stay: March 2015,5.0
1972,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1970-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Fantastic Stay - Great staff,"First time visiting London & I was a little apprehensive about picking a location to stay.  I knew I wanted to stay with a brand hotel, my usual first choice is Marriott but they were not in my price range.  Last minute I found a great deal on this Hilton it was an excellent choice, the staff were very helpful and welcoming. We received several perks for being Hilton Honors members. The room was great, very spacious compared to others I had seen online. Overall I would highly recommend",Date of stay: March 2015,4.0
1973,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1970-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Great location, reliable hotel","The location is perfect for mixing business with pleasure. Just off the Hammersmith flyover the hotel is near overground and underground stations, the Olymia conference centres, High Street Kensington and easy to drive back out of London towards the West Country  The hotel delivers the good service and quality you would expect from a hilton in all departments  Only negatives are; car park is £35 for 24 hrs, rooms at the front of the building are noisy because of the traffic  The bar is really good, lovely atmosphere in the evening with some fantastic cocktails  ",Date of stay: March 2015,4.0
1974,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1970-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Great for an overnight stop,"We got the hotel as a secret deal and to be honest I was gutted when I read the reviews, however when we got there it was fine.  We stayed two nights and everything was great!  The decor is old fashioned and the hotel could do with a refurb but our room was fine, spotlessly clean and the beds were comfy.  The staff were lovely, very friendly and helpful.  The overground is just around the corner and it's just one stop to West Brompton where you can pick up the District line.",Date of stay: March 2015,4.0
1975,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1975-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Hilton Olympia,This hotel had very poor standards & is in desparate need of a make over. The rooms were grubby & felt very tired & old. The bathroom was very small & the shower over the bath would only cater for persons less than 5 feet tall. The executive lounge was very poorly run & when we arrived after it had only been open for about 1 hour it had run out of food & drinks.,Date of stay: March 2015,2.0
1976,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1975-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Break in London,"Lovely hotel,my daughter and I stayed for one night while visiting the Ideal home show which was a 5 minute walk away.The hotel seamed to have been done up since I was last there.The room was very nice with comfy beds the only complaint it was too hot although there is air conditioning. Lovely staff at check in and a good selection at breakfast..Would stay again if in the area.",Date of stay: March 2015,5.0
1977,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1975-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Booked a double room, ended up in a single with broken air con! Disappointing!","The exterior of the hotel really lets it down, we felt very apprehensive approaching as it was so scruffy! Although we were reassured on entry due to the modern reception and decor. A handy location, next door to an overground station and a 15 minute walk to a main tube station. It is a nice area, with a few restaurants and bars within a few minutes walk.    We arrived at lunchtime so we weren't able to check in, which was fine apart from the 'faff' that was made on trying to find our booking; we later found the lady on reception should of register us so check in was easy later but she didn't, our name got put on a scrap of paper. We mentioned we would not be back to the hotel until fairly late but this didn't seem to be a problem.  When we returned at 10pm to check in, there…",Date of stay: March 2015,2.0
1978,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1975-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Worth a stay,"Unless you decide to stay closer, this hotel is not far away from the city centre. The only “problem” may be the walk to the tube, unless you decide to take the bus, which stops outside. The hotel is located on a busy street with lots of restaurants and stores. Close to the tube station there is a shopping mall and more shops and restaurants. There is also a park nearby. The hotel has its own parking, though very expensive, £35 for 24 hours. Staff are helpful and professional. There is also a free gym, Costa café, gift shop. I would recommend this place, as the price and location are convenient for a longer stay in London.",Date of stay: March 2015,4.0
1979,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1975-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Tired hotel,We stayed here as was close to Hammersmith Apollo for a concert. The road was very busy and the noise could be heard in our room on the 8th floor. Exec lounge was not very good as no staff on duty to help when we were there. Coffee machine not working and should of been someone to supply some . I find this totally spoilt the concept of the lounge. Decoration in room looks old but bed was comfy. Would  not recommend or stay here again. This should not be a Hilton and especially should not class rooms or lounge as executive quality.,Date of stay: March 2015,3.0
1980,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1980-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Great Locale but very tired and desperately needing TLC,"It's such a shame because the hotel is in a great location, has wonderful staff on hand and an exec lounge and all these should be great indicators of a good hotel.  The problem lies in the standard of public areas and rooms.  Without being rude it is reminiscent of a  cheap B&B.  This is not representative of a modern Hilton hotel.  Beds are poor quality, bathrooms are not good at all, soft furnishings are poor and in a bad state of repair.  There is almost no soundproofing and amenities in the room are of very low standard.  Previous reviewers have said it all.  If you get a great rate then good but rates here are north of £110 and for that money you can get the Metropole or Wembley Hilton or try a Doubletree!  I used to stay here in the mid 90's when it used to be a Stakis…",Date of stay: March 2015,1.0
1981,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1980-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,not the best hilton i've used by a long shot,"Check in was fine.... i'd have appreciated a tip off that the room being on the main road side of the hotel might be noisy (if i hadn't unpacked i'd have asked to change for the second night) the decor is tired and considering i've stayed in the hilton at the tower of london there is no comparison whatsoever; the tower hilton is excellent and what i expect of the brand (also the hilton westminster is excellent) the bathroom washbasin is made of a composite material and was cracked, towels were not soft TV reception in the room was a bit grainy  the bed was comfortable, the room size was ample the lifts are unbelievably slow and since i needed to bring boxes from the car park over several visits i was not impressed breakfast was OK....miserable pot of tea...cheap white bread (not…",Date of stay: March 2015,3.0
1982,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1980-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Not what l expected,"We stayed here for 1 night as part of show and hotel package, i did not like this hotel at all. They seem to cater for people with wealth and not ordinary folk like ourselves. The bathroom had a hole in the door and the handrail was hamging off the wall in our room 559. The room was basic but clean. Breakfast was very busy but a good choice. I have stayed in much better in London for less money.",Date of stay: March 2015,2.0
1983,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1980-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Good stay but a bit dated,"We spent the weekend here as we had birthday celebrations in nearby South Kensington. We upgraded our rooms through an offer paying an extra £60 for a suite and exec lounge access. The reception common area is modern and well presented, there is Costa Coffee shop here and a small hotel shop for those missing essentials. We had two suites on the sixth floor, these were ok but I've definitely stayed in better Hilton rooms. The rooms are quite dated and really could do with a refresh. In the rooms we were in there was a considerable amount of traffic noise. It didn't bother us too much but for a light sleeper it would be a real problem.   Breakfast was included in our rate, it's a buffet style help yourself to whatever you like. There was a good selection of hot and cold food…",Date of stay: March 2015,3.0
1984,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1980-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Good hotel,"Good hotel about a 10-15 minute walk from Kensington High Street Tube. Reception and restaurant staff were efficient and friendly. Room was a reasonable size. Decor a little tired but clean and beds comfortable. Breakfast was very good with an excellent choice of food. Unusual to find Bircher muesli, fresh fruit compotes, and bacon, mushrooms, tomatoes really well cooked and not greasy. Wifi should be free, surprising that's it wasn't. Lounge area was comfortable and relaxing. Overall a pleasant stay.",Date of stay: March 2015,4.0
1985,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1985-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Handy for Hammersmith!,"Small car park with tiny spaces. Most cars already there had taken two spaces up as the spaces are so small. We couldn't fit our Mini in! Helpful concierge informed us on street parking was available, which was handy. Our room was upgraded. It was a lovely large room, with a small bathroom. It was very clean. Wifi didn't work. Bar staff polite & helpful. Reception staff very prompt and courteous. Breakfast was ok.",Date of stay: March 2015,4.0
1986,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1985-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Comfortable Stay,"check in was swift and friendly, lifts slow and became a point of frustration in my two night stay.  Room was small but clean and the bed and pillows were comfortable and supportive.  Water in room was extremely expensive .  Aircon was okay but noisy but not as noisy as opening the window! Breakfast was a good offering however I heard that later the wait was long to get even seated, I am an early breakfast person so was there at seven.  Ate lunch here and it was excellent, good service and well presented food.  Bonus is having a costa coffee attached to the hotel.  Bar, slow and the bottled. Beers were not that cold they need to look at their fridges, hotel ran out of beer which is pretty poor but there was an awful lot if people there.  All in all a good stay, good value for…",Date of stay: March 2015,4.0
1987,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1985-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Failed to meet expectation,"Far below what I would have hoped for from the Hilton brand.  Bed with ancient, creaky springs, lumpy mattress topper, broken window, stinking drains... On the plus side, and why it doesn't get only one star, reallly friendly staff and unobtrusive housekeeping",Date of stay: March 2015,3.0
1988,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1985-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Great if you're visiting Olympia,"If you are either exhibiting or visiting a show at the Olympia, this is the perfect location. Just 2 minutes away. But if you are looking for a sot in central London, this might not be the place.  This is an oldish kind of a hotel, but the rooms are decently sized. Comfortable beds. Excellent breakfast menu.",Date of stay: February 2015,4.0
1989,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1985-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Nice Hotel,"This hotel is nice but I've definitely stayed in nicer hotels while in London. While you can't compare a Hilton to a Ritz Carlton, I'll still give the Hilton London Olympia credit for holding its own. The one issue I have with this hotel is that Wi-Fi is NOT free! I would expect from a Hilton that Wi-Fi would be free for your stay. We stayed for 4 nights and we had to pay about 15-30£  per 24hrs for a internet connection which adds up over 4 nights! but the rooms were very nice and the hotel is aesthetically pleasing. I would recommend this hotel!",Date of stay: April 2014,4.0
1990,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1990-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,OK,"The hotel is ok, the reception and restaurant surroundings are very lovely.  The breakfast was excellent, but the accommodation I felt was average, it was clean and comfortable but nonetheless not better than the likes of a Premier Inn.",Date of stay: March 2015,4.0
1991,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1990-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Really disappointing,"Very helpful staff at check in. However on returning to the hotel after dinner on a cold evening I found that the heating system in my room would only pump out cold air, whatever setting I put it on. Contacted reception who said an engineer would sort it. About 40 minutes later checked again to find where engineer was, as I wanted to go to bed. Was told engineer had gone home about 2 hours previously - i.e. before my first call. Heater was brought to my room, but still impossible to turn off the fan from the central heating - which was noisy all night. And then at breakfast the coffee was distinctly cool.  This all adds up to an organisation that isn't on top of things - and was really disappointing - not what I expect from Hiltons. However the bed was comfortable, and it was…",Date of stay: March 2015,3.0
1992,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1990-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Great Location!,"Great location if visiting Olympia, only 5 minute walk. Very handy also for lots of good restaurants.  The Hotel staff are very friendly and efficient and the reception areas and the restaurant are modern and comfortable. We got upgraded to a suite which was very much appreciated, the lounge was spacious as was the bedroom. The bed was very comfortable but sleep quality was poor due to the noise from the road outside. The double glazed windows  don't close properly as they are broken. The executive lounge is very comfortable with a great choice of snacks as well as spirits, wine and soft drinks. The service in the lounge is also very good.  We also had a meal in the restaurant one evening which was superb and reasonably priced. There are certain areas that need updating and the…",Date of stay: March 2015,4.0
1993,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1990-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Back to being good again,"Back again for what appears to be a yearly visit to this hotel. When I was here in March 2013 it was excellent, but I reported that it had declined somewhat when we visited in March 2014. Well I’m delighted to say that, in March 2015, it seems to have improved again.  We needed a Saturday night hotel in area for our yearly visit to Hammersmith Odeon, and this one is on the number 10 bus route and takes about 7 mins  I got an email some 48hrs before our arrival offering the possibility to check-in on line and save time on arrival, and a new feature which allowed me to select the room I wanted (Nice touch – I like that) so I chose room 852, Top floor and away from the lifts and as it happens also away from the main road (Kensington High Street, which I reported as being…",Date of stay: March 2015,4.0
1994,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1990-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Good experience,I have stay in diffrent hilton on worldwide and Iike standards of Hilton. Good locations and staff very friendly and helpfully. I will visit agin.  I like hilton classics menu room service menu 24/7 need more varaity Thanks ,Date of stay: March 2015,5.0
1995,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1995-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Good people, rooms need modernisation","I stayed for two nights to serve a visit to Olympia.  Every person I met was personable and had a great attitude; Irene on reception and Gabriel in the Society restaurant stood out but they were not alone.  In that regard it was better than I expected.  What let them down, and therefore me, is the quality of the bathrooms and aspects of the bedroom.  It felt like the carpet was celebrating it's 20th anniversary and the bathroom was the shower curtain stand in the bath with your head close to the ceiling type (I am 5 ft 9).  The basics of the room were fine, the bed very comfortable and all the standard aspects of desks, TV etc. ticked the boxes.  I'm not paying £15 for 24 hours of wi-fi and they shouldn't even think about charging me that.",Date of stay: March 2015,3.0
1996,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1995-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,A bit like an old square rigger - elegant but in need of a refit.,Stayed for 2 nights and I am actually thankful thats all I had to stay. Had a room on the 3rd floor facing the Kensington High Road. It was very noisy all night long. The Hotel is quit frankly showing its age and is in need of a refit.  Oh the bed was comfortable enough and breakfast lived up to the Hilton standard but the room was just not good enough.,Date of stay: March 2015,3.0
1997,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1995-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Anniversary ,"We stayed here for our wedding anniversary and were thoroughly spoilt! The staff were helpful and attentive, we got an upgrade and received a complimentary drink at the bar. Location was great for shops on Kensington High Street and bars in Notting Hill.  Would definitely visit again! ",Date of stay: March 2015,5.0
1998,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1995-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Great for visits to Olympia,"I visited the Knitting and Stitching show with my mum and this hotel was perfect for it's location. The staff were brilliant, Yummy breakfast, 10/10. The air conditioning kept us awake and the bathroom was grubby but overall it was a nice stay and we would stay again.",Date of stay: March 2015,4.0
1999,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or1995-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Fabulous service!,"Just got back from a weekend staying at the Hilton London Olympia.  All aspects were very good but we would like to mention Andrea Fabrizio Paclialonga who works in the restaurant and bar, he couldn't do enough for us and stood out from the rest.  Overall though, room was good (albeit a bit noisy as we were on the road) and very clean.",Date of stay: March 2015,5.0
2000,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2000-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Helpful and clean hotel,I would definitely recommend this hotel.  The staff were very helpful and polite. The breakfast was amazing there was lots of variety.  Location is very good close to restaurants and shops.  The rooms are very clean.,Date of stay: March 2015,5.0
2001,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2000-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,reasonable value for money,Overall an enjoyable experience - breakfast was very good with plenty of choice and helpful staff. Unfortunately my room overlooked the Earls Court station and I was woken early every morning by trains even though I had closed the windows.,Date of stay: March 2015,3.0
2002,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2000-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Hilton Olympia 7/3/15,Stayed 7/3/15 with my friend.  Great hotel. Very clean.  Helpful staff.  Lovely bar.  Fab breakfast.  Central location and easy to get places by bus every 4 mins from outside.  Tube 15 mins walk.  Lovely pub across road if not eating in hotel. I had a problem which was handled really well and rectified.  Very happy and am looking forward to returning again with my family.,Date of stay: March 2015,5.0
2003,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2000-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Great hotel and location,"I stayed at the Hilton Olympia for 1 night while on a business trip and had a great restful stay.  The hotel is very charming, but they also have a hip lobby and lounge that is more modern.  The staff was very nice and helpful and the location was great – right on High St. near the Underground.  They are also connected to a coffee shop which is always good and next door to a pharmacy.  The lounge was nice to have a few drinks and although I didn’t have dinner in the restaurant the room service that night was quite good.  Great hotel and location.",Date of stay: February 2015,5.0
2004,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2000-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Comfortable stay,"I stayed for 2 nights when exhibiting at Olympia.  Location is excellent for the venue and my stay was comfortable.  I stay at the Hilton at the NEC quite often and I have to say  that Hotel Olympia is of a higher standard.  Breakfast was plentiful.  The only downside is the road noise, I was on the third floor and had trouble getting to sleep",Date of stay: March 2015,3.0
2005,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2005-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Good value & excellent customer service,"Booked for an overnight stay in London and it was clean,  comfortable and quiet. The staff were efficient and concierge was extremely  helpful would stay there again. Only drawback was the time it took to get to the theatre ",Date of stay: March 2015,4.0
2006,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2005-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Old and charming but excellent staff,"The hotel itself is a travel through the decades. Modern and stylish bar and restaurant, rooms and floors are ""charming"", but beds are excellent like in all Hilton's. Also there is a mini-bar and 24 hours room service. Staff is excellent, same is food quality. Location is great, easy to access from Heathrow and quick in city center! ",Date of stay: March 2015,5.0
2007,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2005-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Comfortable, good service and convenient for Olympia","Really convenient for Olympia - a matter of a few hundred yards. Great welcome and quick check in (and out). Room was quiet and comfortable, well appointed and clean ensuite with powerful shower, safe deposit box, iron etc. Complementary still and sparkling water and small packets of Pringles - a nice extra touch. I ate in the bar in the evening where the service was attentive but not overpowering. The food was of a very good standard though a tad expensive I thought. Breakfast included the usual variety of cereal, fruit and yoghurt, fried options, toast etc etc.   All in all, a great stay and I'd come back here again.",Date of stay: March 2015,4.0
2008,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2005-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,A bit disappointing really,"Stayed for one night at the Hilton Olympia. Room was £160 inc. breakfast. Room was on the third floor, and comfortable enough but overlooked the rear of the building (which wasn't pretty!), I had a leaky shower (pipe the ran to the overhead shower adaptor, which leaked all over the floor) and the TV didn't work at all (apparently a weak signal!!).....considering hotel is in London it was very quiet overnight, so that's a plus.  Breakfast, was a real let down. I had breakfast included in my room rate, but if you were buying it, it was £12.50. The orange juice was watered down, the tea was cold, the scrambled eggs looked like they'd been sat there for a week and we're looking a wee bit brown, and the baked beans had a nasty looking skin on them. All in all, I've had better.  I'm…",Date of stay: March 2015,3.0
2009,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2005-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Good if you are attending event at Olympia,"I recently had a 4 night stay at the Hilton Olympia since I was attending a trade show at the Olympia Exhibition Halls. Its literally a 3 minute walk from the exhibition halls, so its perfect if you want to roll out of bed and be at an event within a few minutes. Other than that its close to the Olympia station as well, although its not the most useful underground station in London. We found ourselves walking to Shepherds Bush and a couple of other stations to avoid having to change trains twice. Its a 10 minute walk from the shops and restaurants of Kensington High Street, so thats a definite plus.   The hotel itself is a little tired. The halls are old, the rooms are old which is a bit disappointing. It feels like it hasn't been renovated at all. But the rooms are a reasonable…",Date of stay: February 2015,4.0
2010,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2010-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Worst hotel I have ever been to,"If you expect a nice stay from 4* in the more or less central part of London and want to stay in Hilton Olympia - you'd  better think twice.  Worst customer service or better to say no customer service at all. Lifts were breaking one by one during the 4 days of our stay. One of the phones in the room was broken, another had problems with the speaker. Ordered 3 items from the room service, got 2 only! !!! Keys constantly do not work. But bad technical things happen in any place, so everything would be understandable if customer service was on a proper level. However staff here do not help whatsoever.  The hotel is officially the worst place i have ever experienced.",Date of stay: February 2015,1.0
2011,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2010-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Average hotel,"The hotel is alright, although it is not the newest anymore. The rooms are clean and the staff are friendly. The location is quite convenient for shopping on Kensington High Street, but it takes a while to get to places such as Oxford Street or Covent Garden.",Date of stay: June 2014,3.0
2012,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2010-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Good place to stay,"Had a wonderful meal at Society Restaurant. Excellent service from Andrea Fabrizio Paglialonga and Gabriel Condescu!!! The location is great, only a short walk to nearby restaurants and shops. The breakfast is well laid out with good options. The bar is cozy and the staff are pleasant. ",Date of stay: February 2015,4.0
2013,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2010-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Pretty average. ,"Prices are ok (for London), front of house and bar are nice, the outside of the building is fugly, the rooms are average, beds are comfortable, ask for a room at the back as the road noise is loud otherwise. Unless you can get a deal, or you're exhibiting at Olympia, bearing in mind the venue has a train station, there are plenty of better hotels for your money. ",Date of stay: February 2015,3.0
2014,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2010-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Overated,"This is the first time I have stayed at this particular hotel and I must admit it did not reach my expectations of a Hilton Hotel. Whilst the staff we friendly and approachable, the facilities were poor. Our evening meal in the restaurant was probably the worst I have experienced in a branded hotel.",Date of stay: February 2015,2.0
2015,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2015-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Good value in a nice area of London,"Hotel is situated in a nice area of London. It sits on a main road but has leafy and quiet side streets. There is a Costa Coffee underneath, with restaurants, pubs and 'metro' convenience stores nearby.   The hotel has a nice foyer with areas to grab a drink and relax. The dinning area and bar is on the first floor, but we did not use these facilities. The rooms were more than adequate and had everything you would expect in a modern hotel as well as being clean and having a comfortable bed.  There is an over ground train station nearby, but the noise is not unacceptable. The overground train station connects to Shepherds Bush tube, which has good connections to central London. There is also the number 9 bus which stops outside and goes right past Hype Park (where you can get off…",Date of stay: February 2015,5.0
2016,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2015-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Decent hotel,"I had some trepidation after booking, having read some of the reviews here. However I found this hotel to be excellent. Decent room size for London, very lovely, properly hot powerful shower, very clean, reasonable decor, staff very helpful. I noticed that some people are claiming the rooms are dated, perhaps they've been refurbishing a floor at a time? We stayed on the sixth floor and found it to be perfectly nice. No wildly stylish, but not dated either.   Duvets could have a higher tog rating, but that's my only complaint!",Date of stay: February 2015,4.0
2017,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2015-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Lovely hotel with lovely staff,"I stayed here recently on business. The receptionist was warm, welcoming and friendly. A great first impression. The room was nicely decorated and very comfortable. I slept very well. There was some road noise but my ear plugs soon sorted that out and I slept very well. The bathroom was nice and very clean. The bar area is very good too. I had room service on one for the evenings and the food was very good. I really enjoyed the breakfast too, which serves Costa coffee. I would stay here again.",Date of stay: February 2015,4.0
2018,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2015-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Underwhelmed!,"Thus far on our travels we've never stated in a UK Hilton only US however if this is the standard across the board then I won't be in future! We arrived around 10pm to one member of staff at reception and after a long journey had to wait to be checked in. In other London hotels we've had the choice of being able to choose whether to have breakfast in the morning at a reduced rate however here not an option which was inconvenient. Arriving up into the room of average size, greeted with a drab outdated tired appearance cracked sink and exceptionally draughty the heating makes no difference whatsoever irregardless of setting (trust me ive tried them all!). Rock hard bed and the absolute basic tv package is leaving for a very drab night. If it wasn't for the proximity to Olympia I'd…",Date of stay: February 2015,3.0
2019,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2015-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Exellent,"We chose this hotel after visiting Olympia last year. We weren't disappointed. Excellent location, excellent staff overall lovely weekend, would definitely return. The rooms were heated to just the right temperature. We booked in early as our room was ready for no extra charge which was great as we could dump our luggage & enjoy the day.",Date of stay: February 2015,5.0
2020,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2020-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Still a nice hotel,"I was staying here yet again for another event at Olympia. Check-in was fast and uneventful and I wasn't forced to give a credit card to guarantee extras but was able to opt to pay as I go which I prefer.  The room wasn't huge but it was fine. Again, nice furnishings and decent air-con with a nice bed and bedding. The TV was certainly better in this room than when I wrote my review last year which was good although I barely turned it on this time.  The room safe is large enough for a 15"" MacBook which is useful and the bathroom was bright and clean. Quality of sleep was fine throughout my stay although there are often sirens or noisy vehicles passing by but there's little you can do about that in central London!  I didn't bother with breakfast this time as I'd been disappointed…",Date of stay: February 2015,4.0
2021,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2020-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Sharing my neighbours bathroom time...,"Great sized rooms, good facilities, clean and good location for Olympia events. However a good nights sleep was not had.  The air con-heater certainly had a shake and rattle, disturbing enough. But it was the noise from the neighbouring and upstairs bathrooms. Running water, rattling pipes...generally noisy. Then there was the helicopters at 2am, not the hotels fault but enough noise to wake.  Breakfast was average...for the money, given the choice, would have popped into Kensington instead.  All in all, just average. ",Date of stay: February 2015,3.0
2022,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2020-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Noisy Air Conditioning kept us awake,I paid nearly £300 for a suite and was given a bedroom with a noisy air conditioning unit that couldn't be turned off.  I had to wedge it with card and toilet paper to stop the vibrations at 2am.  Even then the noise continued.  We were unable to sleep.   I have a recording of the noise on my phone. It was totally unacceptable and at the time of writing this my complaint has still not been dealt with by the hotel management.,Date of stay: February 2015,2.0
2023,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2020-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Comfortable stay,"Stayed here 2 nights on business. Good size room for London but a little tired, could do with some refurb on the rooms and corridors. Housekeeping were knocking on room every 15 mins in the morning which was rather irritating and the soundproofing isn't great. You hear everything going on in the corridors. The bar and restaurant are very nice though and perfectly fine hotel if you can get at a good rate.",Date of stay: December 2014,3.0
2024,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2020-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,very happy,"This Hotel is perfect for all sorts of travelers. It is in a great location in that you are away from Madness of the center of London but at the same time has plenty of shops close by.  There are several buses that stop outside the front door, the number 27 will take and from Paddington and the number 9 is perfect for going into the heart of London for sightseeing and shops. The hotel was clean and the rooms were spacious and comfortable and was kitted out with iron, ironing board, hair dryer, hair straighteners, and a free safe. The on site gym has modern equipment and was quiet. The staff were friendly and very helpful. And take full advantage of the luggage storage. It allows you to make the most of your time site seeing. I would recommend this to my friends and would…",Date of stay: February 2015,4.0
2025,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2025-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,You get what you pay for.,"This is a great value ( Single Rooms) and for a single person on business or to participate at a show at Olympia,  it's very well priced- Smallish rooms but clean and comfy.  Nothing to write home about but it does the job!",Date of stay: February 2015,3.0
2026,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2025-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Pleasant stay. ,Good location in a quiet area of the city. Although the staff were pleasant and the room was clean it was let down by the mattress. Every movement you heard and felt the springs which led to an uncomfortable nights sleep. Shame. If there was a better mattress then I would return.,Date of stay: January 2015,3.0
2027,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2025-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Old and tired,Out of date rooms. The carpet is from a disco. The beds are hard as a rock. Front desk is understaffed be prepared to wait 20-30 minutes with only 1-2 guests in front of you. What ever you do don't forget you're key in your room or you'll wait another 30-45 minutes for replacement. Breakfast is decent if you like baked goods an yogurt. Tea is cold. Go to Costa instead it's in the lobby.,Date of stay: February 2015,2.0
2028,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2025-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Give me a Doubletree anyday...,"Pretty poor show from a Hilton.  Good location for the museums and a 10 – 15 minute walk from Hammersmith, Earls court and West Kensington.  20 odd minutes into Central London, Big Ben etc.  Staff were pretty slow but friendly and helpful.  Hotel bar is really nice.  Executive lounge serves drinks and food 1800 – 2000 and is better than most of the other Hilton lounges.  Plenty of places to eat within walking distance and right next door to the Olympia centre.  Draw backs are that the rooms are dated, tired and generally run down.  I had a double deluxe which was dreadful, the shower was that low down I couldn't get under it.  I was moved into a junior sweet which was a bit better.  I chose to check out early and move to a Doubletree Hilton as they are generally more modern.  I…",Date of stay: February 2015,2.0
2029,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2025-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Nice staff shame about the rest.,This Hilton is only a stones throw from the Olympia venue so for those attending a trade show at the venue its remarkably handy. I have just returned from my fourth stay and am more than a little underwhelmed at the experience. I checked in on Saturday. The room was very small and very cold so the first thing I did was to turn on the fan heater and close the curtains in the hopes of eliminating the draught. I then attempted to get onto WiFi which took 30 minutes and two phone calls. I then realised that the room was no warmer so called housekeeping ( no answer) and then the main desk. Several minutes (I won't bore you further) and a man came to the room and fiddled with the heating which did improve. He also told me the windows were closed and nothing could be done about the…,Date of stay: February 2015,2.0
2030,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2030-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,LAC at Hilton,When you go to Hilton and you pay a very good amount to stay there you expect a nice large room.... dont make this mistake in Hilton Olympia... very small box room. Staff is very good and breakfast amazing if you wake up hungry.,Date of stay: February 2015,3.0
2031,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2030-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,VERY NOISY AND COLDAS IF SLEEPING ON THE HIGHWAY IN FRONT OF THE RAILWAY STATION ON A ICY NIGHT,This hotel is very old and Rooms look very very old.Toilets look old.Windows cannot be closed.Its very cold in the room.Very very noisey because of the Main Kensington high street and the railway track.You can hear all night the cars and the trains because there are no window seals see the attached photos.Maintenance came and told me its cold and noisy because no window seals! Take ear plugs and heater to stay here. Limited TV choice.Its a Hilton.,Date of stay: February 2015,1.0
2032,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2030-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Oh dear.... not good.,"I hope I never have to stay here again.  Pros  - Staff are extremely professional, friendly and helpful.  - The heating works and is quiet.  - The room seemed clean.  - Location.  - 3rd floor room was quiet and comfortable.  Cons  - WiFi - Unreliable, logs you out every minute or so at times. Longest it lasted was a few minutes. Weak as well, Skype was almost impossible, even on audio only!  - Decor - Very, very dated. Honestly does not look like it has been updated since the early 80s and even if you like 80s decor, this is not in a good way at all. Really horrible.  - Condition - Worn out. Flaked paint, chipped enamel in the bath, corroded bath fittings, creaking bed (sounds like the springs are well on the way out in the mattress). Even the main hallways were dated and…",Date of stay: February 2015,2.0
2033,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2030-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Average hotel, no frills!","Basic hotel, rooms show signs of age, but clean and staff friendly. Only stayed here as member of the group wanted a smoking room, which they have on the top floor. Breakfast was buffet style and very good with a range of foods. Ideal location for Olympia.",Date of stay: January 2015,3.0
2034,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2030-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Trip to Olympia,Fantastic breakfast with a huge range of options. All the staff were polite courteous and very helpful.  My room could have been a bit warmer. The weather was very cold outside but the warm reception area was very welcome. Overall this hotel maintains the overall great satisfaction I have with the Hilton Group.,Date of stay: January 2015,4.0
2035,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2035-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Mixed feelings...,The staff made a good impression although the accommodation didn't - which was surprising since I had upgraded to one of their Executive rooms.  Iso the concierge (who was very good) came up to investigate our complaint on the first night that the bath did not have a plug that worked and therefore a bath was impossible. As a result of it being unable to be fixed he arranged for us to be given an upgraded suite which was lovely and large and the bed was very comfortable.  The engineer who came up to fix the broken kettle (mechanism was loose and would not switch off) did a good job on day 2.  The engineer who came up (after our third complaint about the bathroom first made in the morning) to fix the bathroom sink and then fix the toilet seat in the evening of day 2 was also very…,Date of stay: January 2015,3.0
2036,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2035-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Should be 3 stars,"Visited the Hilton Olympia for business.  Rooms are small, heating blew out cold air, and the bed gave me a backache every morning. Front desk service was decent but could not cover for the rest  Should probably have have one of their 4 stars taken away from them.",Date of stay: February 2015,2.0
2037,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2035-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Great for Olympia Exhibition Hall,"We stayed overnight as this was the closest place to the Exhibition Hall at Olympia.  It was very good.  The girl on Reception noticed that I was on a mobility scooter and without asking she gave us a disabled room.  I was impressed.  The room was quite big enough for what we wanted and was goodt for an overnight stay. The breakfast was amazing, hot food, fruit, pastries, toast and practically everything else.  It was excellent. The only reason it looses a star in my opinion is that it is a bit tired and could do with a redecoration and a brightening up, the corridors are a bit dark.  It is an easy bus ride to the centre of London and there is a station just below.",Date of stay: January 2015,4.0
2038,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2035-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Lovely place.. worth to try!!,"Hi there,  I've stayed in Hilton Olympia few months ago and I forgot to write a review about the lovely stay I had.. The room was nice and clean, overlooking on High Street Ken, the service and the staff were great!! the breakfast was nice too, full of fresh food and drinks. Nothing I could ask more!! I highly recommend this place.. Worth to try!!",Date of stay: September 2014,5.0
2039,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2035-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,3 night stay,"In Jan 2015 the room was very cold and we had to ask for an electric heater.  The duvet was thin and the bottom sheet did not fit the bed.  There was a noise in the bathroom, I think it came via the extraction fan, that sound like a subdued siren.  Overall not worth the money - the bathrooms need updating. Annoying to have to pay for internet.",Date of stay: January 2015,2.0
2040,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2040-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Perfect Hotel for a weekend in London.,"Very nice hotel, lovely reception upon arrival, all staff are very friendly, rooms are spacious, concierge gave great information, fantastic location to explore London especially with the bus stops right outside the hotel which run 24 hours, better than the tubes. Within walking distance to the Natural History Museum, Victoria & Albert Museum and Harrods.",Date of stay: January 2015,5.0
2041,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2040-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Execellent base for short break,"Excellent overnight stay. Clean, warm and modern. Hot power shower and cosy duvets. Excellent choice for breakfast with attentive staff. Only minor gripe would be the lack of decent tea bags. Can never understand this in England. Hotel in good location. Bus route 9 outside hotel wizzes you into centre and from here you can walk to so many places or get other buses.  For central London this is a brilliant choice.",Date of stay: January 2015,4.0
2042,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2040-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Business in London, England",I would definitely recommend the Hilton Olympia as a great hotel for both business and leisure traveling. The location is centrally located on Kensington  High St. to both Hammersmith and the main shopping districts in that area.  There are plenty of wonderful restaurants in the area both walking distance and a short bus ride away.  The convenience of the Oyster card is useful for traveling also.,Date of stay: January 2015,5.0
2043,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2040-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Great if you're working at or visiting the exhibition centre,"Get a room on the side away from the road (we had 517 - perfectly nice). Rooms are clean, big enough with tea and coffee, hairdryer and iron and ironing board.  The breakfast is amazing - lots of choice, fresh hot food and loads of pastries, cereal etc.  Very welcoming staff. The only slight negative was trying to get a coffee in the bar late evening.  Slow service although the bar was nowhere near full.  However, just a niggle, not a big issue.",Date of stay: January 2015,4.0
2044,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2040-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Good & reasonably priced,We only stayed for 1night & got a very reasonable price on the Hilton website (for London).  In terms of access via St Pancras/Eurostar and to/from Covent Garden - there are not a lot of options. We used a taxi to get to the hotel & the concierge very kindly helped us purchase oyster cards (pre-loaded) from the gift shop to get a bus to Covent Garden (and back again). On the second day - we walked to Westfields shopping centre (about 15minutes away) - where there are also more tube options around the city.  The hotel room was enormous! We had got King Executive - although furniture is somewhat dated. The bed & beddings however was VERY comfortable and we slept well.  Breakfast was included in our rate - and offered an excellent selection. It was however very busy during the…,Date of stay: November 2014,3.0
2045,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2045-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,No medals for Olympia,"It is a convenient location for the exhibition and some business areas; easy access to London Overground service. Poor bar facilities and food, noisy room (if towards the main road) but comfortable bed and good sized room. It is one of Hilton's more tired properties and not worth the tariff they often charge per night.",Date of stay: January 2015,3.0
2046,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2045-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,A good stay,Very convenient. Excellent breakfast. You will have to put up with a noisy road outside. The staff are very helpful altogether. The bar is well run although we did wait a long time for a drink with no other customers present.,Date of stay: January 2015,4.0
2047,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2045-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Good location,Stayed here several years ago but realised this time that it is well located. Bus stops nearby to all the important bits! Tube is a bit away as we realised on arrival as there was a bus strike! Taxis busy so used the tube. Quite a hike from Earls Court but Kenisington High St possibly slightly nearer. Found that High St has no lifts! Really bad this day and age for elderly and parents with prams! Good breakfast at the hotel and very pleasant staff. Would definitely stay again. We got it for a good price as there wasn't anything happening at Olympia or Earls Court. Only free wifi in public rooms. Bit daft this day and age!,Date of stay: January 2015,4.0
2048,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2045-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Convenient for Olympia,Stayed with my daughter here for business.  I felt it was a bit of a rabbit warren but did get used to it over the days we were there. The room itself was adequate for our use.  At reception the staff could not have been more helpful.  Unfortunately the same could not be said of the staff in the hotel bar as they seemed a little disjointed.  A party of us met up in there - 7 of us in total.  We were advised someone would come and take our order and unfortunately this only happened after we drew to their attention that after about 10 minutes we were still waiting.  We were informed we could not be seen behind the high backed chairs.  On our return to the hotel after our meal out 4 of our party decided we would have a night cap in the bar.  When we walked in it was difficult to…,Date of stay: January 2015,3.0
2049,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2045-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,A lot better than Weybridge Hilton,"After my poor experience at a previous Hilton this was so much better, every member of staff took an interest in my group, we were acknowledged every where. Breakfast was great with crispy bacon. The room was a bit old and the window let in a draft and I couldn't work the heating so it was cold but I dont mind the cold under the warm duvet. again the TVs are in need of an upgrade as the picture quality and the time it takes to change channels is a bit poor but not every hotel can be new all the time. the bar was good with a fun atmosphere, the cocktail barman was good. the reception staff were all very helpful. A much improved offering this time. One grumble although I had been given free wifi as an honours member it didn't work as my room was too far away.",Date of stay: January 2015,4.0
2050,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2050-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,What a shame! Most terrible service for a meal,"Hotel room was fine and the actual food also fine but when tired after a long day to wait over 2 1/2 hours to be served 2 very simple courses with poor waiter service ,forced apologies and muddled bills too was just an appalling way to treat 8 guests staying overnight at a conference. Waiters need to at least apologise rather than make excuses and then when offering compensation in terms of free drinks manage to fulfil their promise! Unlikely to think about another stay there and that goes for the whole party. ",Date of stay: January 2015,1.0
2051,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2050-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,My worst experience,"old room very cold the A/C wasnt working properly, and the sink has 2 taps; one very cold and one very hot. When we asked about the 2 taps, one in the reception told us thats the way it is in the UK!!  For me its an insult as he just lied only to make us accept it. Then when we asked to move they showed us even worse rooms till i made a big fuss finally they gave us a normal decent warm room with a normal tap. The next day we came late at night found that noone cleaned our room, called the reception and they said we r sorry but the room service left and there is noone to clean the room now and they will do it the next day! As a matter of fact the next day was our check out day so again disappointed. The next morning before going for breakfast i called them to ask for someone to…",Date of stay: January 2015,1.0
2052,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2050-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Free upgrade. Yay!,"I stayed her for two nights on business. I was booked into a single room (536) which was clean and comfortable but really really small. No big deal, but there were road works going on outside until 11PM. I know thsts not the hotels fault, but I mentioned it on my way past reception on the second day. The trainer receptionist Mari apologised and said she would try and find a different room for me. After talking to her supervisor she put me at the far end of the hotel in 510, which seems to be the largest double on this floor. That more than makes up for last night, so I'm one delighted customer.   One star touched though for the water pressure in the shower. I do like a good strong shower.   At the end of the day, it's nicebyhsg they put things right and looked after me bi would…",Date of stay: January 2015,4.0
2053,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2050-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Great Hotel - Convenient Location,"This is a good hotel and conviniently located in Kensington area next to bus and overground locations. The rooms seem to be much bigger than the Hilton Hyde Park, so if you are willing to compromise location with room size, I would pick this one. There are some great restaurants nearby as well as Westfield shopping is just a few bus stops away.",Date of stay: December 2014,5.0
2054,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2050-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Great Location, Friendly Staff","The hotel is situated between Hammersmith and Kensigton High Street tube stations. It's a few minutes walk to either. Great location for a stay to visit London attractions.  I was greeted by Mariya from the Front Desk upon arrival and was given what can only be described as the warmest of welcomes. She even placed me and my partner in a nicer room than originally booked. The room was very spacious for central London standards. All latest 5 star amenities were in the room and the cleaning of the room on a daily basis was spot on. For those that do not want to book a room including breakfast, there is a costa coffee as part of the hotel entrance. Would highly recommend for central London breaks or if you are attending events at the London Olympia fair venue which is 2 minutes walk…",Date of stay: December 2014,5.0
2055,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2055-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Top notch service and stay!,"Treated like kings at this branch of the Hilton today. Huge value for money. Booked standard double room with boyfriend and our toddler and upon arrival were told we'd been automatically been upgraded to a larger room. Huge help as it gave us tons more space and great view from our lovely third floor room.   The staff were hugely friendly, smiley and chatty and made everything incredibly very easy for us from start to finish. Assisted us with speed and efficiently on anything we asked. For example they understood that I had had to remove food and drink items from their electronically tagged trays on the table - in order to hide them from our toddler so he couldn't teach and open them all up. When I called reception to double check we wouldn't get charged they understood straight…",Date of stay: January 2015,5.0
2056,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2055-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Very Good Hotel and Super Helpful Staff,"I was very satisfied with our stay, very good location, perfect and helpful staff, fitness center small, private, & enough for what any one need, breakfast was rich and good, rooms are ok, lounge can do with more food variety specially dinner time, but staff are supper helpful i would recommend this hotel to anyone.",Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
2057,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2055-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Hilton Olympic Kensington London,"An okay hotel, but do not visit during winther time. At least there was very cold in our room. Very well located and close to center af London.  Otherwise helpful and serviceminded staff. Breakfast very nice.",Date of stay: December 2014,3.0
2058,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2055-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Disappointing welcome,"Upon check-in (three night in a deluxe room) we were happy to hear that our room was ready. All of a sudden the room was taken by another guest and we were offered a downgrade to a standard room .. That is not a way to treat your guests. Any other (major chain) hotel would immediately have offered an upgrade. Hilton Olympia gave us a vouchure for two free drinks and sent us out again. This cannot be Hilton standard?    Rooms have decent size and comfortable beds. We were on the third floor and were disturbed by kitchen smells in the corridors and noisy ventilation from outside our windows. We would expect free wi-fi in a deluxe room, which there wasn't (costs 5 pounds/hour).",Date of stay: December 2014,3.0
2059,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2055-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Recent stay for horse show,"Lovely stay at Hilton ,very convenientlysituated for Olympia-clean and comfortable ,good food,maybe could do with bit more choice on bar meals-staff very helpful ,shops very close.Stayed in junior suite which was very nice and comfortable.",Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
2060,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2060-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,A very good small cupboard,"I have been to this hotel before and had very good normal size rooms. On this occasion I had a 'single' room - a small to medium size broom cupboard overpriced at £171/night (reminiscent of the 'Broom cupboard flat near Harrods that made headlines some 30-40 years ago).  Otherwise, the facilities were, as before, very good.",Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
2061,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2060-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Great location for Olympia, a bit tired","Great location. Easy walk to Olympia...  hotel rooms are starting to get a bit dated. My room had a bath with a shower in it....except when i stood in the bath my head pushed the ceiling tiles up...and I'm only 6'1"" so not hugely tall! mini bar was not chilled as don't think was plugged in....  check-in was ok....rooms weren't ready until 3pm...so had to kill some time in kensington... exec lounge was fine and breakfast there was really good...  would stay again for convenience for olympia..",Date of stay: December 2014,3.0
2062,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2060-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Christmas Dinner - 2014,"We booked this event at the Olympia based on the wide food choice (meat, fish and veg option) and the promise of a disco until 2.30am...... at the time no one thought about whether or not we would be able to get home and anyway Olympia train station was only around the corner, no more than 5min walk form the hotel.   The hotel itself has an excellent reputation, and this review is about the event and event management only.   Parking can be an issue in central London, but we were able to find 2 parking spaces across the road on one of the side roads - so that's free parking after 6.30pm. Be careful where you park and read the signs as up and down the road the rules vary especially where resident parking is protected - the first spot we parked ion would have attracted a fine on…",Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
2063,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2060-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Poor Management??,"Finally got an 'acceptable' room after 5 try's!  The last room looked okay but overnight realized the heat does not work and last night was the coldest of the year in London.  The maintenance person just came up and told me to use the space heater because the heat will never work since the system is so dirty it needs a major cleaning that cannot be done until the room is empty.  Really??  We are here 5 nights.  So, must wear my coat and hat in the room.  At least not needing my gloves yet so I can write this review.  The hotel staff is overwhelmed and most are not native English speaking.  Everyone has a different answer.  Hilton should be ashamed to be associated with this hotel.  There is a bus stop near, but no close tube station.  Advertised as close in Kensington, not…",Date of stay: December 2014,1.0
2064,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2060-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Poor Check-in,"We were not able to access out rooms for 2 hours after the check-in time as the rooms had not been serviced.  Although the staff at reception did offer us a complimentary drink to compensate it then took us 20 minutes to get served in an empty bar!  Other than this disappointing start the rest of our stay was fin, the rooms were warm and comfortable.  We only staying one night and the location was ideal for Olympia so we would stay there again should we visit Olympia again.",Date of stay: December 2014,3.0
2065,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2065-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,If you fancy a cocktail - dont go here if busy,"Great location for Kensington Olympia - Lunch and breakfast excellent. We really fancied a cocktail to round off the evening after the show - given the cocktail menu then told they were too busy to make them.  Come on  Hilton this was a BAR and it was Christmas week, surely the very time people would want one!",Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
2066,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2065-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,A let down for Hilton,I stayed here when I went to see a gig at the Hammersmith Apollo. It is a twenty minute walk so quite handy and the overground station from Clapham is about 5 minutes walk so handy if you use public transport.  Booking in was smooth and I was given a free upgrade as I am a member and the hotel seemed a bit empty. The room was very big but the carpet had come up in the middle so looked poor and could cause a trip. The furniture is dark brown laminate so looks dated and the sofa was loose on the arms and could with replacement.  The bed was comfy and huge. Noise from the traffic was noticeable in the morning so if you are a light sleeper could be a problem.  Breakfast was okay food wise. Usual buffet breakfast.  The tea was appalling.  It was brought to my table while I was…,Date of stay: December 2014,3.0
2067,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2065-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,The food and location are good but the rooms poor.,"The hotel is old and needs renovation, my room was small poky and cold. The bath had a non slip section that could sandpaper the skin and which was damaged. The service lift backed onto my room and the steel doors opened and closed throughout the night. Needless to say - I remained sleepless all night.",Date of stay: December 2014,2.0
2068,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2065-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Disapointed,"I booked an executive twin room for my wife and her friend in October. When they arrived their room wasn't ready, which is fair enough. After spending the day and evening at the Olympia Christmas show they arrived back at the hotel at 11.30 pm. When they went up to their room they found a double bed and a foldaway sofa, and the room wasn't great. When they went to reception to complain they were met by a male member of staff, who was very rude after they explained the problem with the room. He said that someone was sent up to the room to separate the beds, even though it was obvious that the bed was a double not two singles pushed together. They then went back to reception and fortunately a night manager was at reception and although he couldn't help  as the hotel was full, at…",Date of stay: December 2014,1.0
2069,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2065-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Average hotel,Stayed here early December 2014.  The hotel is a decent walk from Olympia Station or Kensington High Street tube.    Hotel public areas are in good order but bedrooms could do with a refurbishment.  Breakfast was first class.  Plenty of good pubs and restaurants near by.  Got a good rate and would return.,Date of stay: December 2014,3.0
2070,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2070-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Usual Hilton,Stayed here after the office Christmas party.  Had a double room on 6th floor.  Room was clean and tidy.  The size was adequate for single occupancy but would have been a bit small for two.  Bathroom was also quite small.  Bed was comfortable.  Room suitable for business traveller.  Breakfast was fine food wise with plenty of choice but service was poor and inattentive which was only a problem as coffee was served rather than help yourself and they only filled up a single cup rather than providing a pot of coffee.  Bar was open till very late which was useful as the office party continued here till about 3.30am !  Location is ok but a moderate walk from the tube although close to London Overground service.,Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
2071,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2070-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Stay at London Hilton Olympia,We really enjoyed our stay at the London Hilton Olympia.  We booked a family room and it was a good size and perfect for us and the children.  The breakfast was good too.  I would go back there again.  You can catch the bus into Knightsbridge or walk along High Street Kensington which is just 5 mins from the hotel so there is plenty nearby,Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
2072,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2070-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Hilton Gold status ignored,"Forget any upgrades and I had to insist on the complimentary breakfast, for which a special waiver was granted. Forget a paper on your door. Had to change rooms as I couldn't stand up in the shower due to a low ceiling.  Room in disrepair, also. Second room was fine.",Date of stay: December 2014,3.0
2073,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2070-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Ok rooms extortionate car parking prices for a private hotel car park,Rooms were ok but much internal noise with door slamming and thin walls Restaurant was very untidy but food ok The hotel has it own private car park but leaves up the NCP signs to fool you into thinking that the car park is owned by them when in fact it's not We were charged £35 for 1 nights parking what a rip off  Won't be staying here again I will take my custom elsewhere,Date of stay: December 2014,3.0
2074,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2070-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Very Outdated,"Things started off good to start with as my daughter & I were upgraded to a bigger room for two nights on the fourth floor, on entering you could tell the room needed a complete refit, but the beds were comfy, the room bigger than what we had booked,but it suited our needs. But then when it came to the breakfast,after arriving about 10-45, we were told we would have to get everything we needed as the food would finish, so we got a bit of cooked breakfast, toast etc, put it on the table while I went to do the microwave porridge & sure enough everything then started to be thrown away,no grace there, I ate my porridge but when it came to eat the cooked breakfast, it was freezing nobody offered to put our meals on a hot plate, my pot of tea was cold,there was a draft coming from the…",Date of stay: December 2014,2.0
2075,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2075-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,old glory...,"small rooms, no wifi signal in my room, slow check-in process, no electricity plug next to my bed, old TV... Might have been a good hotel 20 years ago, but if you are expecting ""the Hilton"" then book something else, as this one doesnt deserve a single star (and is quite expensive)  However, the beds were good, and personnel friendly.",Date of stay: December 2014,1.0
2076,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2075-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Worn,Dirty,Noisy and Dire Need of Updating or Wrecking Ball.","I booked this hotel through www.Priceline.com in a name your own price. I've been to London 4 previous times and this was my 5th visit to this wonderful city. However, this hotel is in need of either being torn down or closing the hotel for a complete renovation. They placed me in a room on the lower floor where I could hear terrible road noise. The windows are very thin and do not seal/close properly and much noise from outside can be heard. The carpeting appears dirty and worn. The woodwork is dinged and damaged and the bathrooms including the bathtub is very dangerous getting in and out of the tub. Even the water faucets show their age. The hotel staff though are extremely nice and helpful though. There is no problem with the hotel workers it's the hotel that is bad. I've…",Date of stay: December 2014,2.0
2077,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2075-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,nightmare,my stay was a nightmare i changed 4 times of rooms in order to get a room correctly heated the other had either the heating system broken or the windows so old they could not close well the hotel is very old,Date of stay: December 2014,1.0
2078,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2075-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Don't go there,"Stayed here on a work trip because there weren't really any other options in my budget. It's really, really not worth it for the price. The rooms are tight and things don't really work, while the mattress hasn't been changed for a few centuries.  The rooms are dingy, the food isn't great and the concierge were grumpy. One night the power went off in my room while I was working so that meant I couldn't actually do any work in the evening. The front light in the room with the bathroom light worked still so when the technician (and I use this term loosely) came in to take a look, he said everything worked fine and then left before testing anything! I called for him to come back, he pushed at the false ceilings a little bit grumped and moaned before calling his superior. He clearly…",Date of stay: November 2014,2.0
2079,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2075-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,olympia hilton london,"nice and quiet hotel. decoration should be modernized a bit  good staff in all respects reception, restaurant or concierge  access a bit complicated to reach by tube during the week  quality/ price good ratio. I paid 139 euros for one night breakfast included.",Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
2080,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2080-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Conference,"The BFM was at the Hotel last month for a conference. It is a good hotel. We had a bed and breakfast deal for 4 fays and got a very good deal. The breakfast was either continental or cooked and was buffet style.  380 Kensington High Street, London W14 8NL, England +44-207-603-3333 www.hilton.com  Being London, there are lots of things to see and do and its very near the Exhibition hall. So its great for business or pleasure.",Date of stay: November 2014,5.0
2081,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2080-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,May have been a very good hotel.,It is a shame that this hotel still has the Hilton logo all over. It is outdated and requires a major overhaul. The shower is too low for a person over 1.80 m. The sinks in the bathroom were blocked. The full cooked English breakfast was buffet style. Black pudding was black rock. Sausages dry and not very tasty. Both room and breakfast were overpriced. Underground is nearby but only runs in the weekend in 20 min schedule. Therefore a bus is required for any visit/meeting outside Kensington.,Date of stay: December 2014,3.0
2082,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2080-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Very Average,"We booked this hotel for a weekend away trip to London. The hotel is not near a tube station so please bare this in mind before booking. The nearest tube station is 'High street Kensington' which is a good 15 minute walk, not great when carrying heavy bags!  The hotel is need of a major refurbishment. We were dreading going to the hotel after reading farely bad reviews. As it was my husbands birthday we got upgraded to a junior suite. Even the Junior suite was so tiny and looked quite tired.   On our first night we found the room to be so cold as it turned out the heating was not working! We logged a call to reception who sent an engineer up. The engineer tried to fix the problem but don't think it was fixed as we were still freezing! We then got sent a plug in heater! For a…",Date of stay: December 2014,3.0
2083,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2080-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Not the best sleep + slow service at breakfast,"My family and I stayed at Hilton Olympia for one night in September. We stayed in two adjacent double bedrooms. In my parents' room, there was a strange noise coming from the ceiling close to the door. We were not sure what it was (could be from the pipes, boiler, air conditioning unit, etc., I have not idea). The noise would come on and then stop for a while before starting again. We rang reception and a workman quickly fixed the problem.   That night, the same noise started in the other room (my room opposite my parents'). We decided not to call reception as it was late and we didn't want a stranger in the room. I managed to sleep for a little but my grandmother who shared the room with me could not sleep at all.  The next morning, we had breakfast at the hotel. We were…",Date of stay: September 2014,2.0
2084,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2080-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Good and Bad,Liked the hotel albeit the location was slightly further out of the centre of Town than expected. Breakfast was very good and enjoyed it on both days - staff in the restaurant were very efficient at clearing tables getting people to tables at busy times. Room was nice and big but bed was a bit tired and the windows let in noise through the air vents. Had a problem with a late night DD with noise from that area of the hotel until the early hours but the hotel management resolved the matter once it was raised with them.,Date of stay: November 2014,4.0
2085,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2085-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Ok stay nothing special,"I travelled with a friend to have a relaxing night in London. Staff were very helpful and nice, but the room was nothing special. TV did not work an automatic alarm woke us yp at 5 am and we could not turn it off until we were able to disconnect it. The breakfast was the best thing, very relaxing and nice food. Wi fi was ""free"" but only in the lobby. For this category of hotel I do not think wifi should be charges in the room, at least they could offer a minimum speed for free and then charge for higher speed. At 9 am housekeeping woke us up to service the room... but we were still sleeping...",Date of stay: December 2014,3.0
2086,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2085-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Great stay at the Hilton,"The hotel is nice. The wifi is only available in the lobby and you have t pay to have it in the rooms which is fine. We got upgraded to an executive room with a king bed since I am pregnant, I needed the extra room to sleep with my husband. They were very accommodating for that. The room we had was nice and big and clean. We spend a bit of time in the hotel bar which was nice. They had very nice staff that let us watch NFL games that were on late. All in all a good stay and would stay here again.",Date of stay: November 2014,4.0
2087,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2085-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,No Sleep until Hammersmith,"I Stay at the Hilton when in business in London. Very conveniently located, easily reachable by public transport and a Gas via cab due to the Hotel's proximity to LHR. The staff is primarily east european, quite efficient and friendly. Since EVERY KIND of Hotel is breathtakingly expensive in London the HLO is very recommendable.",Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
2088,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2085-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Well located,"Well located (10-15 min walk to the nearest tube station, 15-20 min walk to Kensington Gardens and Nothing Hill), friendly reception staff, good breakfast, could use some renovations in the rooms and be cleaner, heating system not efficient.",Date of stay: November 2014,3.0
2089,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2085-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Good Service, tired hotel and noisy unpleasant rooms","In my opinion this hotel survives as result of its proximity to Olympia. it is like a rabbit warren.  Rooms are noisy.  We moved from the top floor, where the air-conditioning units made sleep impossible to a room with stained units in the room and bathroom, plus an extractor in the bathroom that could not be turned off.  The door to the bathroom did not fit the aperture so could not close.  Breakfast was OK except that the tomatoes were virtually raw,the bacon too tough and the sausages of medium quality.  Bar food was good.  Service was attentive.  Would not stay here again;",Date of stay: November 2014,2.0
2090,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2090-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,fantastic base for weekend,"this hotel was ideally placed to meet our needs for the weekend. We had not expected it to be such a pleasant experience and would highly recommend it. The staff are thoughtful and attentive and are genuine. The hotel is clean, modern and friendly. The food was well presented, reasonably priced and of excellent quality.",Date of stay: November 2014,5.0
2091,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2090-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Awful room - unpleasant stay,"A friend & I booked a twin room for a one night stay as we were attending an awards dinner in London and can honestly say that this was a very disappointing visit.  We had booked online and rang to check we could have a twin room but the receptionist was abrupt saying no there were no twins available, then ended the call before we could ask anything else. On check in the staff were polite and pleasant enough but our room wasn't ready until 3.30pm, (check in is from 3pm). We had booked an upgrade online but this didn't materialise and we weren't charged for it.   Once in our room, which did turn out to be a twin we started getting ready for our night out. We then realised that the bathroom floor seemed to have a lot of water on it and realised that was because everytime you…",Date of stay: November 2014,2.0
2092,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2090-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Not the best for comfort,"We stayed in this hotel for one night on a recent visit to London. I paid for a top secret hotel from last minute.com and we were staying after a hospital appointment for my husband. I had only paid £77 but no matter how much you pay comfort is mandatory.The hotel itself and the staff cannot be faulted it is a lovely relaxing entrance and very polite staff, however we were disappointed in the room allocated,it was a small double room and although the room was clean and linen fresh we did not have a comfortable night. Our room had some sort of extractor outside the window and it was constantly going all night and it was impossible to sleep through it. In the morning we were expecting to open the curtains to see some of London and were greeted by frosted glass, when we opened it a…",Date of stay: November 2014,3.0
2093,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2090-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Overall a lovely visit,"We stayed in adjoining rooms (a family room which included a separate living area with sofa bed and double rooms on either side). The car park was easily accessed and very convenient. We tend to have breakfast in the room - with 3 young children it's much less stress for everybody-including other guests! This worked well on Day 1 but was disappointing on Day 2 (an hour late, cold, missing items etc.) Most of the reception staff and the concierge were great but the guy who checked us out (Sun am) was disappointing. Still, the location was good & there is a nearby Pizza Express which was handy for family meals! ",Date of stay: November 2014,3.0
2094,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2090-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Very good stay,"After reading all the reviews I was very worried about staying here !!! I brought this stay from secret hotels on late rooms so only paid £80 but I was still very worried  On arrival we were greeted by a lovely friendly man called Aaron , I expressed to him my worries and told him I would be back down to complain if the room was as people had stated !! He smiled and said that's fine madam .   I need not have worried as the room was clean and pleasant a little small but fine .  The bed was extremely comfortable and pillows are superb . The room was quite noisy as we were on the second floor but this is london !!!  The breakfast was very nice hot and a really good selection  Overall a great stay",Date of stay: November 2014,4.0
2095,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2095-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Great location and executive lounge,The lounge is great in the hotel and right next door to trade show venue and tube line. There is a superb Italian restaurant around the corner suggested by the concierge! Parking underneath and breakfast usual Hilton good standard.               ,Date of stay: October 2014,5.0
2096,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2095-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Worth trying the restaurant.,"Stayed here for a couple of nights last week whilst attending a conference at Olympia.  We've stayed here before and always avoided the restaurant as I try to in any ""business"" hotel where you tend to be overcharged for very average food/wine.   However, we had a meal allowance included in our room rate and the hotel was offering an amazing deal of £20 for two courses and a glass of wine.  (For some reason I wasn't offered this on check in but a colleague of mine on the same group booking was?!)  We checked with the very helpful waiter who assured us it applied to all four of us in the party - excellent - so we piled into the restaurant hoping for the best.    We were all completely blown away by the food - I had an amazing smoked salmon starter followed by a great chicken dish;…",Date of stay: November 2014,4.0
2097,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2095-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Great dinner with amazing service!!,"My boyfriend and I have been there, even if we were in late, so the kitchen was nearly to close, they took us anyway and seat in the restaurant. The food was delicious and very well presented. The waiter, his name was Andrea, was very kind and wellcoming. We enjoyed our dinner and left very happy. We will come back for sure.",None,5.0
2098,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2095-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Business hotel,"A central hotel with easy access, having stayed there in 2013 it is now slightly tired and needs some TLC. That said staff and service were excellent. Some traffic noise from the front rooms. The breakfast is excellent with a large choice, I did not dine in the restaurant so can make no comment on this. As I said I think it needs to have a bit of work done on the rooms in my view I felt the bathroom was tired.",Date of stay: November 2014,4.0
2099,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2095-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Good Hotel, Convenient Location","The hotel is very comfortable, the staff are excellent and the breakfast was really good. I thought the decor was just starting to look  little tired but the standard of housekeeping was really very good. The overground is very nearby but the underground is about 15 mins walk. Good bus services though.",Date of stay: November 2014,4.0
2100,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2100-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Very comfortable stay,I was in London on business and stayed only one night. The bedroom was clean and fresh with a very comfortable bed. Bathroom impeccably clean. Reception staff helpful and friendly. Excellent breakfast. Allin all a very pleasant stay.,Date of stay: November 2014,4.0
2101,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2100-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,A DISAPPOINTING EXPERIENCE - Most Unusual!,"As a regular Hilton customer and one who has stayed at this location many times and found it up to normal Hilton standards I was most disappointed on my recent visit. Good reception experience but afterward things went downhill rapidly. As per my Hilton Preferences I had been allocated a room with a walk-in shower this turned out to be the only room in the Hotel for disabled guests. Have had this before so no problem. However it had been set up for one guest despite the booking clearly indicating double occupancy. The room was not clean and had an unpleasant stale smell The first hour of my stay was spent speaking to various departments to get extra towels ,toiletries,basic items such as breakfast menus , Do Not Disturb Notices etc The room had obviously not been serviced that…",Date of stay: September 2014,1.0
2102,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2100-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Underwhelming property and tiny guestrooms,Probably one of the least impressive Hilton properties in the UK (or elsewhere for that matter). The daytime staff were all very friendly but the night time personnel was exceptionally rude and blasé at several occasions.  The guest rooms are tiny even by London standards and wireless internet didn't work in our room.  Avoid at all cost.,Date of stay: September 2014,2.0
2103,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2100-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,overall very good,"i always stay with the Hilton brand because they are consistent in their service and comfortability. i must admit there was a couple of issues at check-in. the 1st room had not been fully cleaned and the 2nd was facing a wall, therefore the room had no natural light. 3rd time was a charm, the lady at reception apologised and gave a satisfactory complementary",Date of stay: November 2014,4.0
2104,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2100-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Dated,"Not a bad hotel compared to other similarly priced hotels in London, but everything is very dated. It just has an old feeling to it. Rooms are quite big though, the executive lounge is nice (feels newer than the rest of the hotel so I assume refurbished) and staff is friendly. The bar and restaurant are also very nice.  A small disadvantage of the location of the hotel is that the Olympia tube station next to the hotel doesn't have a regular tube service. There are plenty other ways to get there though (walking from High Street Kensington, Bus,..).",Date of stay: October 2014,3.0
2105,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2105-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Unexpectedly Good Service,"HH Gold: We stay in a lot of Hiltons. The Olympia is an old hotel which needs a bit of updating from a fabric point of view. The staff however were superb during our stay. We were met by beaming smiles at check in which was slick and rather better than the Hilton Bangkok for instance, where you would expect it to be good. All the staff from reception to the chap delivering water bottles seemed happy and smiled and said hello. The staff in the Executive lounge are the best we have had. They smiled and asked if we would like them to get us a drink ; Not had this for many years in and Executive lounge. And not just once but several times. We really appreciated a room upgrade. Breakfast was good and the location good for us. It is a little walk ; about 12 mins to the central line…",Date of stay: November 2014,5.0
2106,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2105-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Not as bad as expected,After reading a few of the reviews I found the hotel to be OK.  I have stayed in much better Hilton hotels.  I would say our room as average and did not feel like a treat but it was ok for visiting London.  It was clean and compact.  My husband stayed for a total of four nights whilst working in London and I joined him on the last night.    My husband had to ask to change rooms after the first night as his head was actualy lifting the ceiling tiles when he was in the shower.  Reception were fine and said this happens a lot!  They told him that all his belongings would be moved to the new room at the end of the day.  However they weren't and he had to chase this up with reception when he got back.  The second room was quite compact but adequate.  I found the air conditioning…,Date of stay: November 2014,3.0
2107,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2105-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Not as bad as expected,After reading a few of the reviews I found the hotel to be OK.  I have stayed in much better Hilton hotels.    My husband stayed for a total of four nights whilst working in London and I joined him on the last night.    My husband had to ask to change rooms after the first night as his head was actualy lifting the ceiling tiles when he was in the shower.  Reception were fine and said this happens a lot!  They told him that all his belongings would be moved to the new room at the end of the day.  However they weren't and he had to chase this up with reception when he got back.  The second room was quite compact but adequate.  I found the air conditioning noise sort of dulled the traffic noise as we were on main road.  The bed was a bit lumpy but we did manage to sleep most of the…,Date of stay: November 2014,3.0
2108,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2105-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Good location, but noisy","Great location for west London but on a very busy and noisy road - no double glazing in the front bedrooms, so very noisy. If you want a restful night,  request a room at the back of the hotel and not facing the main road!",Date of stay: November 2014,4.0
2109,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2105-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,'Tired' hotel but with great staff!,"The downside to this hotel is that the rooms and public areas, other than the bar, whilst clean are very tired, dated and dark! The breakfast quality and selection was good although the staff were having to work overtime to try and find seats for everyone. A major criticism of the hotel was the bar prices, whilst you will always pay a premium in hotels, especially in the Capital, but they were excessive and unjustified. The location is a long walk from the nearest tube which may be a consideration for some when booking. A major plus of this hotel was the helpfulness and politeness of the staff, and may I add a particular mention for 'Paula' who went out of her way to try and resolve a problem at check-in which had arisen as the room had been booked by a third party, and was not…",Date of stay: November 2014,3.0
2110,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2110-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,London The Kensington Experience,Overall good hotel with friendly staff.breakfast fine save the bacon wasn't fresh.Twin room with ensuite clean one bed comfy the other not so comfy. Good position for sightseeing in the Kensington area.,Date of stay: November 2014,4.0
2111,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2110-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Conference weekend crash,"Room was booked for me by my employer. Really odd shaped double room on third floor with window opening onto ventilation shaft, but it was very clean and had a comfortable double bed. There were aspects of the room that indicated age but only in a small amount of wear and tear. Very good front desk and pretty good breakfast service. My room seemed quiet though I did switch the aircon off as it seemed a bit noisy to me. Quite content with what was provided. Guy running breakfast service really knew what he was about.",Date of stay: November 2014,4.0
2112,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2110-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Needs a bit of TLC,"Got a reasonable deal for 2 nights and the lovely girl on the desk gave us an upgrade. Goodness knows what the basic room was like. Very narrow room which had seen better days. Noisy a/c and poor pressure in the shower. Location was fine but not near a tube station. However, lots of buses passed by the front door. Clean and tidy room but not the most comfortable. Just ok.",Date of stay: November 2014,3.0
2113,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2110-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Getting Better,"I like to thank you to the hotel management.Finally they take into consider our opinions and our reviews.Receptionist are much much better,they have a smiling face an they are eager to help the customer,thats a good point of view.Service especially at the breaakfast is better also but spoons and forks must be cared about the cleaning,because always asked for a clean one.Bar service is also good and enjoyed with my colleaques,waiters are helpful and had a smiling face also.Cleaning is not superb in the room but it was ok.Why I insist to stay in this hotel,because of their surrounding,i is close to everywhere and very near to the bus station and tube station,also you can shop easily,the best thing is Holland Park is next to the hotel.Thanks again.",Date of stay: November 2014,4.0
2114,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2110-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,After a terrible nights sleep I am still waiting for the bill,I thought a Hilton hotel in the centre of London at a reasonable price was to good to be true and it was.  I was given a room on the third floor that I think it must of only had single glazing as the noise from the road outside is the worst I have experienced in 15 years of business travel.  I am also still waiting to receive an email bill as the printer was down when I checked out although they promised to send this the same day I had to remind them two days later when I still had not received it.,Date of stay: November 2014,1.0
2115,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2115-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Great Staff,"The staff were fantastic, can't say a bad word about them. The hotel was nice, and the breakfast was lovely.  Food is a bit pricey but tasty.  Rooms could do with updating but they were clean. Location wise, it was ok.  The closest station only operates on weekends though and the other was a bit of a walk.",Date of stay: November 2014,4.0
2116,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2115-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,London Olympia,"Very comfortable hotel, great service, overall really pleasant hotel experience. I spend quite a lot of time in hotels for business, a few years ago I stopped using Hilton hotels as the ones I visited seemd a bit tired. This was a very different experience and has convince me to revisit my views on Hilton hotels",Date of stay: November 2014,4.0
2117,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2115-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Upgraded Room,"Got a last minute deal for this hotel which we chose because of the onsite and secure underground parking literally under the hotel. Carl on reception was excellent and because we wanted a double room and none were available, managed to secure an upgrade for us as well as sort out the parking fee in advance (we were travelling elsewhere and leaving the car for two days). Room was fine and spacious - no complaints at all and a good location for Olympia, Kensington and the West End.",Date of stay: November 2014,4.0
2118,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2115-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Good hotel, good location, great bar!","My boyfriend and I booked a double room at the Hilton over a weekend. After a long day we went to reception to check in to find only one member of staff on the desk and a queue of 3 people in front of us. After a short wait it was our turn to check in and after giving the booking details we were told that the room wasn't ready (this was at around 7pm or so). The lovely guy on reception couldn't apologise enough though and gave us a nicer room on the 7th floor. We got to the room and it was nice with a comfy bed and lovely bathroom with a bath, though it was a tad too hot but we soon sorted it out with the thermostat.   We visited the bar and got a couple of lovely custom cocktails made by the very friendly barman who created two amazing cocktails when we asked for something…",Date of stay: October 2014,4.0
2119,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2115-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Just ok,"On checking we were given an assisted room which was not the best, very small. The receptionist was very pleasant and changed our room, which was 100 times better. It was a room at the front of the hotel on the first floor it was very noisy at night though. The hotel was a bit far from everything but easy enough to get a taxi. Did not use any facilities here so cannot comment but hotel was a bit disappointing for a Hilton.",Date of stay: October 2014,4.0
2120,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2120-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Great bar and restraunt,"I spent an evening  in the bar area, drinking, eating and working on my computer.  The staff was very attentive and  competent.  Particularly noteworthy was the kindness and professionalism of Gianna, my waitress and server.  She made my 3 hour visit in the large and beautiful bar area one that made me feel right at home.   The fish and chips were perfect, and the beer was cold. The music and TVs were at the proper noise level that allowed easy  conversation.  I've stayed here on two occasions, and the food is excellent and the prices more than fair.",Date of stay: November 2014,4.0
2121,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2120-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,First class service from Outi,The review is a little late due to my vacation this relates to a stay in late September being a great Hilton supporter I use Hilton for business and pleasure. It was my Daughter's 21th Birthday so I booked her and her boyfriend a nice room at the Hilton Oylimpia and I made a couple of requests to make her day special my contact was Outi Vuori one of the reservations team. Nothing was to much trouble and my Daughter had a great stay as I knew she would the quality and customer focus was first class that is why I use and promore Hilton many thanks to Outi. Regards Phil.,Date of stay: September 2014,5.0
2122,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2120-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Noisy,We stayed for two nights over the weekend. We were disturbed at 5.45am on both mornings by constant loud jabbering in the next room and corridors. Not sure if it was other guests or house staff. Can hear TV in next room. After letting reception know of our complaint we were given a free bottle of water.  It is a busy hotel with lots of airline staff and work conferences and perhaps not so well suited for a relaxing recreational break,Date of stay: November 2014,2.0
2123,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2120-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Average hotel , Average location","Stayed at this hotel for one night when on business in London.  The reason for booking this hotel was the price, Booked last minute and found a very cheap deal for a Hilton which was pleasing.  The hotel itself is located about a 15 minute walk from the nearest tube station which is a bit of a trek unless you want to get a taxi which will cost about £5-6.  Upon arriving at the hotel we were quickly checked in and the room was a decent size and clean and tidy, The beds were comfy and the bathroom was well stocked as you would expect for any Hilton hotel.  The hotel does look a bit dated and the corridors and rooms could definitely do with modernising.  That's all I can really say about the hotel, The location is average, the hotel décor is average.. the rooms are clean and tidy…",Date of stay: November 2014,3.0
2124,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2120-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Very disappointed,"Very expensive our £125 room ended up costing over £165 by the time they add on all the costs you were not told about like £35 per dog , £15 wifi and £12 to take your tray to your room for breakfast because there is nowhere to eat it with your dog downstairs . We also had the noisiest room ever , traffic was loud outside but on too of that we had the most horrendous noise coming from the pipes in the wall . Totally unbearable and after three trips to reception and after 10 at night we were eventually upgraded . On the plus side although it is  in need of updating it is clean and the staff were polite . Good central location ",Date of stay: November 2014,2.0
2125,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2125-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Horrible beds; tired hotel with poor service and maintenance,"I am surprised that Hilton has not divested itself of this tired property.  Poor value.  The eastern European staff is moderately friendly, but quickly says, ""NYET!"" to reasonable requests.  The beds were very lumpy, and looked like something that Anthony from ""Hotel Impossible"" would use as a prop!  The WC would not flush, the toilet paper was just sitting on the floor, and the mirror was severely corroded.  And if you are over 6' tall, you will literally hit your head on the drop ceiling over the tub when showering.  Water temperature was dangerously high, at 155 degrees F, which would cause a severe scald if you moved the cryptic water control in the wrong direction. WiFi was spotty at best.  There are much better values elsewhere - avoid.",Date of stay: October 2014,2.0
2126,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2125-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,London Hilton,"The location at Kensington High Street, was very Central, close to buses, and tube. Also, some very nice shops, and restaurants in walking distance. The food at the restaurant was quite good, and the hours that the gym was open was good 24/7. One note, do not buy the London pass as it is very expensive and not worth it.",Date of stay: October 2014,4.0
2127,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2125-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Very uncomfortable beds, tired accomodation  but good food","The location is ideal for Olympia which was the main destination of our visit . We stayed for two nights, the bedrooms and bathrooms were very tired and rather disappointing. The beds were incredibly uncomfortable, having added a mattress topper and additional dovet all 4 of us struggled to sleep. The chairs in the bedrooms were also uncomfortable, sitting in the bar became the only comfortable place to talk, not ideal.  The waiting staff and kitchen team were very helpful and the food at lunch time and Dinner were very good, every effort was made to accommodate my dietary requirements.",Date of stay: November 2014,3.0
2128,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2125-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,no air conditioning,"Ok hotel, seems like it had an older part and a newer part. So ask for newer part when checking in. Took them several tries but could not fix air conditioner in room. Their solution was to open a window. Had to move rooms eventually, which they seemed to want to avoid doing.",Date of stay: October 2014,3.0
2129,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2125-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Very good experience,"Room was very clean and presentable, check-in was quick and the breakfast and service was extremely good. The location is very good, easiable accessable but yet relatively quiet for London. I would recommend this hotel to others and will be using in future for both business and personnel purposes.",Date of stay: October 2014,5.0
2130,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2130-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Great business and leisure hotel, a bit outdated","Hilton Olympia London is located ideally for business and leisure guests. Busses and the London Overground trains are within walking distance. The staff of the hotel is friendly and check-in and check-out only took a couple of minutes. At first glance the hotel looks pretty up-to-date, but when you arrive at the rooms the decor is outdated. Chairs, carpet and bathroom are old. Beds are firm with a very soft top matrass, cushions could be better (non-feather filled). During our stay we slept very good. Here are the pro's for staying at this hotel: + Good location + Friendly staff + Great hot shower + Firm beds + Great fitness room (although it's located in a pretty small room) + Free in-room safe  Con's: - Please do not try to open a window in this hotel, you will not get it…",Date of stay: October 2014,3.0
2131,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2130-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Unenjoyable, Checked Out Early","I had a 2-day conference at the Olympia, so booked 3 nights with the Hilton London Olympia.  It was meant to be my home-base for the conference while my fiance did some sightseeing.  It was extremely close to the venue, but that's about where the positives end.  When we arrived at noon, we were hoping to check-in early after a hot, sleepless flight.  After being told the room was in order, while filling out paperwork, the front desk clerk then changed her story and said it wasn't ready and wouldn't be until check-in at 3:00.  We went out to grab a bite to eat, returning at 2:00 with the hopes it would be ready by then.  Still no.  We watched several people check into rooms early while we sat in the lobby and waited.  I'm not sure why they couldn't have moved us into one of the…",Date of stay: October 2014,2.0
2132,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2130-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,excellent hotel,"Stayed here for one night  as going to see a show . Good location, close to station,bus stop outside, comfortable rooms, spotlessly clean, friendly helpful staff. Excellent breakfast with plenty of choice. Would definitely stay here again.",Date of stay: September 2014,5.0
2133,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2130-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,A disappointing experience to say the least,"My wife and I were looking forward to our one night stay in what we believed to be a reputable hotel. We were sadly disappointed. When we checked in we were allocated a disabled room without either needing or requesting it. We would have been ok with it, except for the appalling conditions. The bathroom was falling apart with a ceiling panel missing, the floor was dirty and in need of replacing, the sink was worn and the tap tired and dirty, and there were no soaps or cleaning products. The towel rack was rusty and bent, and the seat for the shower (because it is the disabled room) was rusty and it's lacker falling off.  This was completely unacceptable for anyone, and so we requested to be moved, which we were, to a room with carpet that was coming up from the floor, and was…",Date of stay: October 2014,2.0
2134,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2130-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Not for visiting London,"We stayed three nights, our first room was so small and so basic,that it was not for a couple. We moved for a bigger one, this was large, with king zice bed and a new bathroom. The room was clean and we'll attended but I think corridors needs restoration, everything seems old and badly maintained. I expected much more from a Hilton hotel. Staff is impersonal, no one to help with luggage. If you are visiting London, look for another choose, this hotel is too far away.",Date of stay: October 2014,2.0
2135,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2135-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Good hotel but boiling!,The Hilton London Olympia is a good hotel for exploring London. We booked via name your own price on Priceline and paid £170 for two nights.  It is a good 25 minute walk to the nearest tube station which is kensington high street so get your flat shoes on! You can use a day travel ticket on the many buses that pass by the hotel. The hotel has a lovely foyer and the receptionists were helpful and polite.  We were in room 630 and it was clean with a nice bathroom. It is a bit on the small side but this is London!  My gripe is that the air conditioning was rubbish! We did complain to reception and they sent an engineer to check it but they could not make it blow out cold air. They gave us a fan instead. It could be that we had a bad room but it did mean that we were boiling!!…,Date of stay: October 2014,3.0
2136,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2135-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Hotel stay,Very nice hotel. Accommodating staff and comfy bed! Was there for the Olympia Baby Show and the close proximity to the Olympia was extremely helpful. Also nice choice of restaurants very close by. Communal areas are well maintained and the breakfasts are delicious. Will stay again for next years show...,Date of stay: October 2014,4.0
2137,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2135-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Good location for exhibition halls,"I stayed at the Hilton for one night while attending an exhibition at Olympia. The hotel is within 5 mins walk of Olympia, parking was easy at the underground carpark and the  charged £35 for the day.  My room was a single and I paid around £214 for a night without breakfast. Convenience was my prime reason for using this hotel and the room rates vary depending on what exhibitions are on at the time. Book early for a good deal.   We intended to eat in the bar and the menu prices were reasonable, however the place was understaffed and we waited over 20 mins for a second drink so decided to eat across the road at the ""Hand & Flower"" pub. Don't get too excited  about the fitness facilities it's nothing more than a broom cupboard with a few machines, it's better suited for the…",Date of stay: October 2014,3.0
2138,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2135-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Dont expect too much,"Don't expect too much even this is a Hilton. Our first room had a clogged sink and non-flushable toilet. And they switched us to another room which had 2 single beds instead of one double bed. They said they would change the sheet and rearrange the day after to make it a double, but of course it did not happen. House-keeping is not the best either, they did not refill quite a few things, and they would refill two of same thing and missed others. Location is a bit far from attractions, and Tube only runs on weekends, early morning and late night during weekdays through Olympia station (closest station by the hotel).",Date of stay: October 2014,3.0
2139,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2135-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Better than expected,"My partner and I went to London for the Baby show at the Olympia so we wanted a hotel close by.  I had read reviews and thought they were mixed but decided to go ahead and book as the location was spot on for us.  It was around the corner from the Olympia and the train station, next door to a Costa, across the road from a Pizza Express and there was a lovely pub called The Hand and Flower that we had dinner in.  There were a few more options around for food such as Japanese, Argentinian etc.  We got to the hotel at 9.30am to ask what time check in was to be told we could check in there and then.  The lovely lady Dana behind the reception desk said we would be upgraded to a king size suite after we had booked a double room (this was music to my ears as I know I was going to have…",Date of stay: October 2014,5.0
2140,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2140-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Great stay,"We arrived early and were greeted very well. The rooms were not ready however, the front desk staff worked diligently to get us into a room early after a 15 hour flight. They were great. The room was average, the shower was way too short. made for a 5 foot 6 inch person not a 6 foot 2 inch person. But aside from that it was clean, comfortable and they met every need. It was advertised there was a bathrobe in the room, however I never seen one, never required one. I am sure they would have brought one up had I asked. The concierge went out of his way to find the best transportation around the city for us, always giving us several options. But the best was the breakfast. It was hot breakfast and had all kinds of yummy pastries as well as the bacon, ham eggs, hashbrowns bread and…",Date of stay: October 2014,5.0
2141,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2140-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Better than most London Hotels,"Stayed for 3 nghts, the location is limited in that there aren't many options if you want to eat out of the hotel. Having said that, dinner is fine, breakfast needs a revamp. The rooms are what one would expect at this standard and the staff are very good.",Date of stay: October 2014,4.0
2142,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2140-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Not a 4 star standard in many areas,"I recently stayed at the Hilton Olympia on business and had heard mixed reviews and read a few prior to arrival.  My initial first impressions were very positive I was welcomed by Mary on front desk and I was pleasantly and promptly checked-in. Unfortunately the refurbishment that has taken place downstairs has not reached above the first floor and desperately needs investment when the lift doors opened it was very much a step back in time. My room on first impressions was ok although disappointed but not surprised having booked and paid for a double room I was given a single bed- why confirm a double room and not provide this without any explanation. The housekeeping standards were a disgrace, their was pubic hair in the bath and I can only assume hair shavings on the tiles…",Date of stay: October 2014,2.0
2143,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2140-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Excellent Place to Stay in London,"Excellent hotel.  Rooms very comfortable and bigger then most London rooms.  Modern bathrooms were nice.   A little bit of a walk to the Earl's Court or High St. Kenningston but not bad. However, plenty of buses a block from the hotel that go everyone and easy to figure out, plus a nice view from the top.  Nice staff, especially the bell staff  Would highly recommend.                 high St. Kenningston tube station (but only 10 minutes at most) , but a number of buses stop  a a block from the hotel and with a little focus, you can get anywhere in London and with a great view from the top of the bus.   Eve-one is very friendly, and plenty of eating , shopping an drinking right out the front door.  Staff, especially he bell staff, was extremely helpful.  All in all, a great…",Date of stay: October 2014,5.0
2144,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2140-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Best Bar Service Ever,"I didnt stay at the hotel, but the bar service was outstanding. Special thanks to Gianna for taking care of us all night. The seating was comfortable, the drinks generous, and the service great. I loved the olives.",Date of stay: October 2014,5.0
2145,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2145-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Surprised,"After reading some of the reviews I was a little bit wary of coming to this hotel.  I am pleased to say that I was wrong. I was surprised in fact.  All the staff were polite and helpful.  Everywhere looked clean and tidy.  The room was spacious although the ceiling in the bathroom was quite low.  Breakfast was organised well and I didn't have any problems whilst I stayed there for 2 nights.  I would definitely return.  This is probably not the best Hilton in their Brand but still had a very pleasant stay, I would return.",Date of stay: October 2014,4.0
2146,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2145-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Disgrace to the Hilton Brand,"This has to be the worst Hilton I ever stayed in!   My room was not clean (pubic hair in the sink).  I ordered room service, an hour later I called to check what's up and the operator apologized they misplaced my order.   WiFi is not working in the rooms (signal too low).  The TV remote control had no batteries.  The carpets smell really bad.  I",Date of stay: October 2014,1.0
2147,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2145-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Would definitely return,"Stayed here for 2 nights and thoroughly enjoyed our stay. The staff are all really friendly and welcoming .There is a good, happy atmosphere in this place. The breakfast buffet was excellent. The décor may be slighted dated but fashions change!! The bedroom was clean and warm and the bed comfortable. Slept really well both nights . Tea and coffee making facilities in the room which is always welcome. What makes this hotel stand out from the rest is the friendliness of the staff and the excellent breakfast which is very reasonably priced Would definitely return",Date of stay: October 2014,4.0
2148,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2145-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Hilton Olympia, London","Your hotel, along with its first rate staff, is very clean and comfortable.  It is conveniently located in a not so congested area of London that provides access to all of London via the incomparable bus, taxi and tube service. To families as well as individuals who are scheduled to travel to London: because of its location, value and array of services, I HIGHLY recommend staying at the Hilton, Olympia Hotel.  John B., New Jersey, USA",Date of stay: October 2014,5.0
2149,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2145-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Great stay at the Hilton Olympia in London!,"We recently stayed at the Hilton Olympia in London. A great experience all round - the staff are efficient and friendly and the rooms comfortable and very nicely furnished. Will definitely be back!  However, watch out for the staff at the in-hotel gift shop! Definitely not to be trusted and only interested in ripping you off!",Date of stay: October 2014,5.0
2150,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2150-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Some good, some not so good","Good: Location - Its right next to the the Kensington Olympia rail station, making getting to the city centre take only a matter of minutes. Its also within walking distance of Shephards Bush and Kensington High street, which have plenty good bars and restaurants Breakfast: The breakfast in this hotel is probably the best I have had in any hotel ever. Unbelievable  selection of food, all of it top notch Staff: Found the staff very friendly and accommodating, helped us out with whatever we wanted  Cons:  Room: The decor in the room was slightly dated, didnt really marry up with the decor in the rest of the hotel which was modern and clean. Could do with spending a few quid on the rooms  Overall: It was really good value for money, would definitely use the hotel again",Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
2151,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2150-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,An average hotel,"I booked for a HILTON KING executive smoking room and I got a non-smoking room, later they shift me to smoking room, but the air conditioner is not working. As per my complaint the AC technician keeps his card in bed and notified it will be okay by night 9PM, till morning nothing has happened and they provide me one pedestal fan. Later I was shifted to non smoking room. The curtains are not properly fixed, even if touched it will fell down. I booked there for 6 days and they treated us like this.",Date of stay: July 2014,3.0
2152,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2150-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Disappointing Hilton - Very Outdated and Sub-Par Service,"My daughter and I spent several nights at the Hilton in September as this was the hotel that was included in our London/Paris tour we booked. Our first impression was less than ideal. I had called in the morning to advise that we would be checking in late that evening. There were 2 desk clerks working and both were taking care of other guests. I waited for 10 to 15 minutes without so much as a greeting - or a grunt..... Our room was drab and probably clean, (although the lighting was too dim to tell) but needed a facelift.  The buffet breakfast included in our stay was very nice, and the morning staff was pleasant enough. Dinner was another story. I almost left without paying as I was tired of waiting over 20 minutes for our server to return to our table after we finished our…",Date of stay: September 2014,2.0
2153,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2150-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Perfect location for Olympia but substandard,"I stayed overnight for an event at Olympia and the hotel is just a couple of minutes' walk, plus well located for various Tube stops. Perfect on that score.  It is a bit tired looking but nothing too bad, perfectly clean with decent facilities. But despite an upgrade to an Executive room there were a couple of issues that really should not be expected in a Hilton. Firstly, as mentioned in an earlier review, the windows leak both heat and considerable traffic noise from outside. That's really unacceptable for a top-priced business hotel.  Furthermore, the ceilings are very low, to the extent that anyone over 5'9 standing in the bath (there's no separate shower cubicle) will find their head touching the ceiling. In order to shower, you need to ratchet the shower head up so it's…",Date of stay: October 2014,3.0
2154,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2150-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,very bad,this hotel should have been renovated 10 years ago. everything is old - carpets smell bad - windows do not close - a labyrint of corridors and very small noicy rooms. Only reason to stay there is the Olympia exhibition hall which is at 5 min walk.,Date of stay: October 2014,1.0
2155,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2155-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Suites need updating!,"Upopn arrival we were upgraded to a 2 room suite.  GREAT size, but carpets and furniture were old and tired.  Lobby was beautiful, staff was very friendly and helpful.  Wifi in the entire building was terrible!",Date of stay: October 2014,4.0
2156,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2155-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Good location, nice area, ok hotel","This hotel is aging and they are not putting money back into the property. Old carpets and paint, wallpaper that is tearing off. It's seen better days. That being said it is a good hotel but if you're paying rack rate for this then there are much better values out there. However if you can get this hotel at a discount, I would definitely stay there.  Pros: Good location, coffee shop attached in the lobby, train station nearby, good restaurants in the area, comfortable bed, great staff  Cons: Only free wifi in the lobby - paid service in the rooms, shabby rooms (for full price), old windows that bleed heat and let in the street noise",Date of stay: October 2014,3.0
2157,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2155-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Great Location,"Nice hotel in a great location, rooms can be smallish but fine for travelers that get out and about. Easy walking to restaurants, pubs, shopping and Kensington Palace. Tube stations a short walk. Staff has always been helpful. They do cater to conventioneers when there are events at Olympia, and also tour groups so occasionally it is very crowded.",Date of stay: October 2014,5.0
2158,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2155-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Upgrade to a King room,"Through Hilton upgrade, I would recommend upgrading to a King room.  (I paid £30) Much more comfortable with additional space and the Executive Lounge.  Very comfortable bed, separate seating area and 'free' wifi.  Caroline on reception was very pleasant. About a 15 min walk from the tube.  Never eaten in the restaurant or had breakfast.  Local supermarkets provide a better and more reasonable fare.",Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
2159,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2155-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,A nice stay to visit London,My wife and I were celebrating her 50th in London. The Hilton Olympia was a great choice to stay. Helpfull staff. room upgrade and a complimentary bottle of wine were really nice touches. Highly recommend,Date of stay: October 2014,5.0
2160,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2160-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Good service, clean rooms","The hotel was fine. Service was a little slow to book in but the reception area was nice and inviting as were the staff. The room was clean and nice and adequate size if not roomy. A gripe of mine for any accommodation establishment is that after paying around £150pppn it is an insult to charge extra for wifi. Had I not been on business, I would have made a point at the time. Of course, I had the option to come down to the lobby for free wifi, which I did, but not what I would expect. The breakfast was plentiful although there was no obvious veggie option, the first day I hung around for cooked veggie sausages, but the sheer number of people on the subsequent days made this unviable.  Of course, the bar was very expensive, but this was expected. The sound insulation was…",Date of stay: September 2014,3.0
2161,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2160-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Nice rooms & great room service; internet & exec lounge food not good,"I stayed at the Hilton Olympia twice over the past month and had a mixed experience. The rooms, bed and hotel are in great condition and very comfortable. The room service food is also very good. The biggest negative was the internet which consistently goes in and out and varies in strength depending on where your room is (if you will be working on VPN, request a room at check-in near the WIFI...I know this sounds crazy for a hotel in this year but it is true). Also, the executive lounge is nice and staff are friendly however the food choices are some of the worst I have had in the 30+ Hilton hotels I have stayed at in the past few years. The breakfast is quite small and no one makes your cappuccino for you (which they do at many other places) and the evening hors deurves are…",Date of stay: October 2014,4.0
2162,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2160-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Good  hotel  with the  usual  Hilton touches,"Location  great  for  West London and  if  you  don't  mind  using  public transport  it's  fine  for  central  London  too just  a little  bit  more  time  needed for  travel.  Reception staff  were  excellent, really welcoming.  Room  was  much  larger  than  I expected  and was  very  comfortable with  the  usual  standard of bed, linen  etc  found  at  Hilton hotels.  Breakfast  was  excellent as  I'd expected.   I'd  stay  again  if  on  business  in  that  part of the  city.  ",Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
2163,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2160-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Fantastic Hotel,"We loved staying at this hotel. Rooms were clean and modern, no noise, fantastic breakfast, friendly staff, would not hesitate to stay there again. The location was really handy for us to get to theatre district and the natural history museum. The only negatives are that the marble on the sink in the bathroom was broken and there was a big dent in the bathroom door, small things in themselves but do detract from the quality of the accommodation.  Shower curtains need to be replaced with glass, much classier and practical.  Also outer wall of building looks tired and could do with painting, gave a less than impressive first impression of the hotel but once inside we were very happy with our choice.",Date of stay: October 2014,5.0
2164,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2160-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Great location, very tired building","The hotel is ideally located near Kensington High Street and a lot of other destinations, but the property does not seem to have been updated since the 80's. The furniture and finishings were incredibly tired (and almost threadbare), and certainly not what I expected.  Additionally, I placed my laundry outside my room at 7 in the morning, and since the staff didn't pick it up until 9:30 that day, I had to wait over 48 hours to have my clothes cleaned and returned to me.  The breakfast is great, with a very good selection of food.",Date of stay: September 2014,3.0
2165,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2165-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Tired and certainly not 4*,"This hotel is in a good location and the staff are friendly and helpful but it is not what I expected from the Hilton brand and it certainly does not deserve a 4* grading. The public rooms are smart, although some of the chairs in the lounge/reception area have a distinctly musty smell. The rooms are small, tired and in need of refurbishment. The breakfast was generous but consisted of low quality products. My greatest disappointment is that although I wrote to the Manager of the hotel, described my experience and drew attention to areas that I felt failed to meet expectations, six weeks later no response has been received. They obviously know that things are not up to standard and are relying on cheap rates from corporate enterprises.",Date of stay: August 2014,2.0
2166,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2165-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Overpriced,"The location is good, a 10 minute walk to Kensington High St underground and the No.9 bus goes through Central London to the Aldwych, all favourable points. The room is average but the bathroom was very tired, with floor tiles that reminded me of an Indian hotel circa 1950, bath panel chipped. I appreciate that London hotels do not provide value for money generally and at about GBP250 a night that is applicable to the Hilton Olympia. On the other hand, the staff were absolutely excellent, except for the lady managing the restaurant for breakfast: her ""Oh you have vouchers"" was made to sound as though we were on a package tour of Benidorm and her insistence on seating us where she wanted rather than where we would have preferred to sit had all the old world charm of Stalag Luft…",Date of stay: July 2014,3.0
2167,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2165-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,comfortable stay,"This hotel was great and was a very reasonable price compared to others we were looking at in London.  The staff was helpful and the room was very clean!  We were close to a few different tube stations and about a 20 minute walk to Kensington Palace.  It was a quiet area but not too out of the way.  The hotel is a bit older, halls are dated but really not a big deal.",Date of stay: June 2014,4.0
2168,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2165-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Great Location in west Kensington but Overpriced for a tiny room.,"I stayed at this hotel post my stay at Hilton Metropole. Hotel in a somewhat in convenient location for buses/tube and also close to kensington palace.  .It had a really good bar and was in a good location. Breakfast was good but not quite at the standard we've become to expect from a Hilton.  One last thing, travellers visiting to attend concerts at The Hammersmith Apollo can stay at this hotel. It's conveniently located 8-10 walk from HLO.",Date of stay: February 2014,4.0
2169,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2165-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Ideally situated,"I initially booked this hotel as our first choice was fully booked and I am very pleased that it was!  from the start the staff were more than helpful and cheerful. Although the room was small (this is London) it suited us perfectly and the bathroom was clean and bright.  It had a hairdryer, iron and ironing board - in fact all the little things that you have to expect from a hotel room.  Ok the decor wasn't our taste it was ok. The restaurant was very nice and the staff were very charming, but the real surprise was the food - it was amazing!!  I will definitely use this hotel the next time we have to come up to Olympia.",Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
2170,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2170-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Generally good,"As with most London hotels, the price is high for average facilities. The room I had was a bit shabby and the toilet roll holder kept dropping the roll on the floor.   It was a bit noisy in the conference room we used",Date of stay: September 2014,3.0
2171,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2170-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Great Staff - But Bring Some Paint,I often choose Hilton Hotels and am not often disappointed but on this occasion I was - but let's start with a real positive.  The staff were tremendously helpful and friendly - they certainly did the Hilton brand proud and they made the stay as good as it could have been. The hotel itself is more than a tad tired and is crying out for a substantial refurbishment. The reception wasn't too bad but head upstairs to the café / bar area and take a step back in time - unfortunately not enough for you to be transported to grander time - more like the remnants of the 80s or early 90s.  This wouldn't be so bad had the décor been well cared for and the design carefully and cleverly crafted but sadly it hadn't. The room I had was optimistically designated Executive - very optimistic in my…,Date of stay: September 2014,3.0
2172,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2170-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Better than similar priced London hotels,"Of the London hotels I've stayed at - all 4* in a similar price bracket - this is probably the nicest.  It's slightly out of town - 1 mile to the nearest tube - but has regular bus services just outside, with direct buses to all the major attractions.  35 minutes to Oxford Street, Whitehall, etc.  Wi-Fi is good and free, though it appears to need refreshing every hour.  The hotel staff appear to have recently picked up on announcing this to guests, based on other recent feedback.  Breakfast is good with a wide selection of hot and cold food.  It could benefit from a list of on-demand hot foods though.  I'd come again but next time, I'd ask for a room facing away from the road.  It's very busy and the windows aren't fully noise-proof.",Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
2173,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2170-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Not as good as other Hilton hotels.,Although we were given an upgrade to an executive suite the suite was at the front of the building and was very noisy due to the busy road outside.The breakfast had a good choice but I've had better.I have stayed in other Hilton Hotels and it seemed as though this wasn't worthy of the Hilton name just another run of the mill Hotel.Sorry but I won't be using this Hilton Hotel again unless the prices reflect the Hotel and not the Hilton name.,Date of stay: September 2014,3.0
2174,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2170-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,A Great W/End,"A nice clean room with a an above average en-suite, excellent breakfast with a good choice for all diets however, the Hotel is a good 15min walk to any tube station, the staff were generally helpful but at times did tend to give yes and no answers without an explanation. The hotel overall was a positive experience and added to what for us was an excellent w/end.",Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
2175,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2175-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,seminar in london,"the hotel is welcoming, the rooms are nice and clean, staff is friendly and helpful. Bus stop right in from of hotel. My only disappointment with the hotel is that they charge for wifi. For the price of the room it should be included!",Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
2176,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2175-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,A value for money hotel.,"Booked this hotel for £104 inc breakfast and a double room. The room was clean, very comfy, good tv. What more could you ask for? The breakfast was tasty with a wide selection of meats, cereal, juices, croissants and English breakfast. It was the ideal for Hyde Park where we went to a concert, only a short tube/overground trip. Would stay again.",Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
2177,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2175-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Good hotel, decent position in West Kensington.","Typical Hilton hotel: you know what expect. Pretty good hotel, nice service, Wi-Fi is not free (there is a extra charge). Location is good in West Kensington, but not that close to the center as you might hope",Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
2178,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2175-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Has good and bad aspects,"Average hotel in a somewhat convenient location for buses/tube etc.  Rooms a bit small and quite dark No free wi-fi in the room, which for me is a bit archaic. I've been to hotels in the far east of Europe and remote spots in Asia and they all had good free wi-fi for guests. I can see I'm not the only one that thinks this is a problem, reading the previous reviews. There was free wi-fi in the lobby but it was quite unreliable and kept dropping out. No smoking area in the bar. Not a terrible hotel, the staff were very friendly and helpful. Just an average hotel........nothing more than that",Date of stay: September 2014,3.0
2179,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2175-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Greedy rates, average quality","The main reason why i give this hotel a lower rating is that the rates are extortionate  for what the quality of the hotel is!  I know some will argue, ""oh that's London pricing...""  I have travelled to London for business for 28 years on a regular basis...just because you are ""robbed"" by one, certainly doesn't justify all doing it. In a so called executive room, I was paying £230 a night!  The door lock to the room had evidence of being broken into and did not close properly.  I complained 2 times before a make shift fix was done.  The room overlooked the very busy road in Olympia and the room was very noisy and the windows rattled.  Flushing the toilet caused the plumbing to ""howl""....my favorite pet hate in hotels is bodgy plumbing.  The decor looks scuffed and tired.…",Date of stay: September 2014,2.0
2180,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2180-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Olympia Experience,While I arrived late after a very long flight from Australia the Check-in Staff where very helpful. Room was clean and basic. Disappointed there was no wifi in the room. Wasn't close to the underground. I won't stay there again I think there is better value for money closer to central London.,Date of stay: September 2014,3.0
2181,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2180-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Average; no good wifi,"loved the location being close to kensington palace. easy access to bus and metro, but the wifi wasn't the best. most of the visitors were in the small lobby to get better wifi service; restaurant was ok",Date of stay: August 2014,3.0
2182,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2180-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Excellent location nice staff,"Stayed in this Hotel for three days it was so so central in London and not far from St. John's Wood, which is where Lords Cricket Ground is...  The breakfast was great and plenty of it, staff were very helpful and nothing seemed a problem..  I would DEFINETLY stay here again, great location for The centre of London....  Shall be back for sure...",Date of stay: September 2014,5.0
2183,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2180-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Hilton have better,Showers designed for small people - washing your hair if you are tall presents a major challenge. Staff are courteous but not overly helpful.  Free wifi in lobby only - but constantly drops out.  Rooms could do with a major make over.,Date of stay: September 2014,1.0
2184,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2180-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Don't stay here if you are taller than 5'10""","Impossible to wash hair in shower as head hit roof in shower. Would hate to be a tall person staying here.  Room was well equipped with basic necessities. Breakfast mediocre. Staff denied having no yoghurt left despite it being refilled minutes later.  Parking expensive- £35 per day, despite arriving at 1030pm on first day.  Good location. ",Date of stay: September 2014,3.0
2185,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2185-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Good position for Oylmpia! (&shops!),"Here on business at Olympia. Ideal location, from the outside the hotel doesn't look much but the reception area is lovely. Modern but comfortable. The bar is a good size with plenty of space. Had room service which was delivered quickly and tasted lovely, so I am sure the restaurant would have been nice if visited. The staff were all helpful, myself and work colleagues were all happy with there rooms, one person noted it was quite small but it was a single and to be expected. As we weren't in the room much, only to sleep! I do think the hotel should offer free WiFi (its £5 a day unless you are in a deluxe room) I cant comment on much more. The beds were comfy, rooms clean, staff friendly! What more do you need! Will book again! I would like to note if you are not on business…",Date of stay: August 2014,5.0
2186,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2185-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,IDEAL FOR OLYMPIA!,"Here on business at Olympia. Ideal location, from the outside the hotel doesn't look much but the reception area is lovely. Modern but comfortable. The bar is a good size with plenty of space. Had room service which was delivered quickly and tasted lovely, so I am sure the restaurant would have been nice if visited. The staff were all helpful, myself and work colleagues were all happy with there rooms, one person noted it was quite small but it was a single and to be expected. As we weren't in the room much, only to sleep! I cant comment on much more. The beds were comfy, rooms clean, staff friendly! What more do you need! Will book again!",Date of stay: September 2014,5.0
2187,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2185-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Friendly and Helpful,"I was recently in London for the first time and really enjoyed my stay at this property because of the friendly and helpful staff. The concierge team was fantastic, the restaurant had a nice bar, our room was clean and the hotel was in a charming neighborhood. I would definitely stay here again!",Date of stay: August 2014,5.0
2188,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2185-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Noisy because of immense traffic but very central,"The Hilton Olympia was built in the 70's or looks like it was and therefore it's not the most appealing of buildings. Nor does it get much better when you walk inside to be honest. However, the staff are friendly enough and I must say the bed was really comfy. I wasn't that impressed by the quality of the housekeeping service, my bedroom always looks pretty much the same after I returned after a long day at work which is always disappointing. Hotel rooms are supposed to magically be transformed into something new every day in my opinion. The only way I could tell someone had been in was the bed was made and I had fresh toiletries but 'tidy' it wasn't. Secondly sleeping is difficult in a hotel with paper thin walls and situated on the motorway that is that part of London.…",Date of stay: September 2014,3.0
2189,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2185-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Rubbish,"Reception was poor. Reception gave us keys and said 7th floor. No greeting like can I take you and your bags to your room. I believe I saw 5 members of staff the entire time I was there which was 3 days and 2 of them were the maids. So I go to my room 1 out of 3 lifts are working.  To get to my room i hd to turn right then left  then left again right down a corridor down some stairs and i was the last room. (rabbit warren) Got to the room no cot, went out asked for a cot got back no cot On the second night I got them to bring me a play pen not a cot. In the room  No usable fridge It was a dispenser that could only be unlocked from your credit card. I needed a fridge for my Childs food. The water and pringles were even on pressure pads (what if your child knocked one over it…",Date of stay: August 2014,1.0
2190,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2190-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,It was like a home from home thanks to the lovely restaurant and bar staff.,"I'm sure as many people know who've had to travel for work, spending endless nights in a hotel can be painful. Eating in the bar or restaurant alone in the evening is hardly fun. I have to say this was not the case for me given the lovely service I received at the society bar in the Olympia. As soon as I arrived they made feel welcome and I must especially mention Gianna. As soon as I sat down and she found out how long I would be staying for and did her utmost to make my stay an absolute delight. She helped me to make the most of a menu I would spend a great deal of time ordering from and generally created a warm atmosphere. I have rarely seen such considerate and accommodating customer service, in fact I hardly felt like a customer at all. Thank you to the Society staff at…",Date of stay: August 2014,5.0
2191,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2190-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Smoking, nice view, bathrobes, bad wifi","The staff were great. I asked for a smoking room with a nice view and was given it - not the double deluxe I payed for, but after asking the staff gave me the amenities I was due (dressing gowns and slippers). The minibar and desk tray almost tricked me but I wasn't charged thankfully. One bathroom light was broken, the minibar door wouldn't close and there was a leak coming from the air conditioning throughout the night. Overall it was brilliant though - the only reason I won't be going back is that the internet was so intermittent it almost ruined our evening (if it was free I wouldn't complain, but I payed £5 for it).",Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
2192,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2190-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,1990s Travel Lodge,"On arrival the smart lobby is a brief cover for what's to come once you reach your floor. Corridors are dark as musty, the layout very confusing and the rooms.. Oh dear. My first room had dirty bed sheets and a broken window. Staff were good and moved me to another (twin, groan) room within 1/2 an hour but I had just arrived off a 14 hour flight so this seemed an eternity. My new room was cleaner but still felt like a Travel Lodge back in '95 - textured wallpaper, cheap furnishings and a back-to-basics bathroom. Skirting boards were scuffed and wallpaper peeling in areas. Mattress very soft. This hotel is in a great location but how it can be advertise as 4* is beyond me! It's in desperate need of a refurbishment and makes me want to steer clear of Hiltons in future..",Date of stay: September 2014,2.0
2193,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2190-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,London,"Comfortable room if a little small, breakfast was wonderful. There was no in room WIFI and not stated anywhere that it was available in public areas when asked at the desk I was given a card with the log details and silly me did not ask until 2 days into stay thought I would have to pay.",Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
2194,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2190-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Overpriced for money value,"From all the Hilton's I've stayed at across the world, this is by far the worse.   The building is still from the Stone Age.   We stayed at other hotels whilst on our European holiday and there were other 3 star hotels which costed almost half the amount. These hotels were way better than the hilton olympia.   The worst hotel and massively expensive",Date of stay: August 2014,3.0
2195,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2195-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Good location,"I decided to spend a night here with my partner to coincide with a concert at The Hammersmith Apollo. The location worked well for this purpose as it's only a mile walk form the concert venue. I managed to secure a decent price for the room too, which was a bonus.  Arriving by car, we opted to use the hotel underground parking garage. Pulling up to the garage it's a little confusing, as the door was down and looked closed. Only when you drive right up to it, does it automatically open. It would be nice if there was a sign explaining this! The charge of £35 per 24 hours is also a little steep!  Check-in was a pleasant experience. The young lady at the desk was very polite and acknowledged my HHonors status and provided with an upgrade to the executive level, complimentary WiFi…",Date of stay: August 2014,3.0
2196,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2195-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Avoid the 5th floor,"""Overall the hotel is clean, tidy and staff seemed friendly but the first room I got on the 5th floor was very very small and boiling hot! I complained and got moved to a much nicer, larger, cooler room on the 4th floor which I was very happy with. The gym is small but very nice with complimentary towels and water.   There was a really good buffet selection for breakfast of cereals, pastries, continental and full english! The bar is very expensive so beware!  I would go there again on business but would probably look for another hotel if I was paying! I also heard another guest complaining about a hot room on the 5th floor so perhaps avoid this floor if possible!""",Date of stay: August 2014,3.0
2197,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2195-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,This is a hotel that remains in a quiet wonderful neighborhood ...yet it is close to everything," I'm a flight crewmember and there are many flight crews that stay here..... something that makes this hotel really special is the kindness and the warmth of the staff..... Tonight I had exceptional service in the upstairs lounge from a wonderful  staff member named  Gianna... A Beautiful smile ..with a ""heart""  for great service .....I believe she said she was Italian.. The staff  at this hotel is multilingual and international.... This  makes it a really pleasant place to come back to after a day in this busy city..... I really appreciate  everyone... Especially Gianna today...  Steven... United Airlines Crew",Date of stay: August 2014,5.0
2198,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2195-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Just What We Were Looking For!,"The Hilton Olympia is set on the leafy Kensington High Street about a twenty minute Tube journey from the centre of London.  Check in was quick and easy. The hotel’s staff are second to none and nothing seemed too much of an effort for them. Due to a delayed flight, I didn’t leave the hotel until gone 1pm yet, on my return, the room had still been tided and the bed made. Restaurant, reception, and concierge staff were all very friendly and helpful. Nothing seemed to be too much for them. The same went for the cleaning and maintenance staff we encountered. Everyone had a smile and a “Good morning/afternoon/evening”.  The room was a little on the small side but, for the price we paid and the location, we couldn’t complain. It did overlook a bit of a courtyard (which also had air…",Date of stay: August 2014,5.0
2199,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2195-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,high st hilton,"Stayed here overnight for Secret Cinema event. Hotel very clean,pleasant surroundings ,lovely area nest to breakfast area,clean,fresh,rooms .Helpful & friendly staff.There was a huge selection of items for breakfast . Lift access for the restuarant ( stairs up to it quite steep) was available for less able individuals.  Everything seemed to run like clockwork with quiet efficiency .",Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
2200,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2200-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Excellent hotel with nice Executive Lounge,"My wife and I stayed here in mid-June for three nights and could not fault the hotel at all in every respect. Reception Staff very polite and friendly, staff in the Exec Lounge were very efficient and wanted to make our stay as memorable as possible. Our room was an upgrade ( we are Diamond members ) to Exec type - very nice and although not large was perfectly nice. The Restaurant staff were all again excellent professionals. The location on Kensington High Street was very good, as plenty of local restaurants of various ethnic persuasions. The bus # 109 stopped outside the hotel and took you to Central London - Hyde Park, Royal Albert Hall etc in 10 to 15 minutes. This hotel is a little cheaper than centrally located hotels, but it is only just outside the inner downtown area.…",Date of stay: June 2014,4.0
2201,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2200-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Not up to Hilton standards,"Gross, unclean, uncomfortable. The bed was very hard and the springs creaked because the mattress was so old. Surprised that the Hilton's allow their name on this old place. It's dated inside and out. Tear this place down and put up a new clean and classy Hilton.",Date of stay: August 2014,1.0
2202,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2200-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Out of Town,"You have to change a few times before you get to central London. Takes about 40 minutes.  It cost £ 5 a day for wi-fi in room. But it cost nothing if you go to any coffe shops, shopping senter etc. in town",Date of stay: August 2014,3.0
2203,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2200-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Pleasant Stay,"Liked this hotel- swift check in, friendly staff, modern decent sized bedroom (by London standards). High floor room allocated as requested when making the booking.  Breakfast quality was good but lacked choice.  Located approx 15mins walk from High Street Kensington tube, not the best of stations for direct or frequent services to the city. The bus stop outside the hotel offered a constant flow of buses  into the city, even at night time there was a night bus every 10mins to take you to the hotel door.  Plenty supermarkets, cafes, shops, and restaurants etc close by. Very safe area and quite upmarket.  Would happily stay here again.",Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
2204,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2200-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Hilton London Olympia,"The Hilton (London Olympia) was the hotel that was part of a stag weekend package.  Out of the 18 strong stag party not one person had a single bad word to say about their stay! Excellent location, modern appearence, comfy beds, great bathrooms but most importantly a fantastic breakfast the morning after!!",Date of stay: August 2014,5.0
2205,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2205-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Good hotel,"Stayed for six nights. The hotel and room is clean and modern. The staff is very, very friendly and helpful. Each member I encountered was very willing to go out of his or her way to help. The room is on the small side but it is clean and comfortable. The bed was comfortable. The sitting area is adequate. The tea kettle and tea and coffee that was provided was more than enough. I enjoyed the bathroom. It was small in size but the shower was good and most important, it was clean! We had the breakfast buffet for two mornings and the selection was great! The dining room is large and roomy, the coffee is hot and tasty!  I enjoyed my stay at this Hilton property a lot. Very satisfied. Well done, Hilton!",Date of stay: August 2014,5.0
2206,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2205-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,No frills value,"A Kensington hotel for the summer rate of £106 can't be bad. As long as you don't expect to be blown away by the decor this is a good, no nonsense hotel.  Our room as small, but it was fine. We managed to be granted access to the Executive Lounge which a happy little bonus. Wine, beer, spirits served from 6-8.   The hotel is far down Ken High Street, but truthfully, it's only a ten minute walk to tube station. Alternatively, there are buses which stop almost outside the hotel.   No complaints. Happy with the service.  ",Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
2207,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2205-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,pleasant stay,"Stayed here for 1 night with my husband, very nice staff, room was clean, huge bed, tube station is a trek but you can pop on a bus straight out of the entrance of the tube station and stop right outside of the hotel, so all good. breakfast was included in our package which was very nice and plenty of it, my only gripe is that when we went into the bar I ordered at the bar and carried my drinks to the table myself, I was charged a service charge, I've never been anywhere and been charged like this, I actually feel robbed, if I want to leave a tip I will, but all they did was pour the drink !! I would return but would probably drink elsewhere as like most London hotels its not cheap.",Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
2208,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2205-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Short but sweet,My Mum and I stayed at the Olympia for 2 nights and were very pleased to be upgraded as part of our stay which gave us access to the Exec Lounge. All staff were very helpful and polite and the hotel is is a great location for many attractions - we were there to see the Proms so were relativley close to the Royal Albert Hall. Had a lovely relaxing stay and will definitely stay here again.,Date of stay: August 2014,5.0
2209,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2205-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Just Amazing,"I stayed there for a couple nights on a business trip earlier this month.  Me and some friends from work were exhibiting our fashion brand at Pure London fair.  It was an amazing experience. The hotel was based in the best place ever, and the staff were just incredible.  We were on the other side of the world and no shortage of smiles and good service from the Hilton team.  One of the waitresses, Cristina, just let my whole team very happy and satisfied with the always impeccable service and good humor during our stay. We did matter of being served by it in the days when she was working. Cristina is an example of how a guest deserves to be treated.  We expect to be back next year, and sure enough, after this incredible experience, we have the Hilton Olympia, as our first choice.",Date of stay: August 2014,5.0
2210,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2210-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Great value for money with all the bells and whistles,"After reading the reviews on tripadvisor I was a bit skeptical about staying here.  However everything was great; large rooms (for London!), comfortable beds and a clean room. It was a 10-15 minute walk to the underground stations but there were three lines to choose from. For those with mobility issues there were several buses that left from the front of the hotel that would take you directly to Piccadilly Circus or several underground stations.  We used the gym and were impressed. It is only small but had everything you need to do a good work out.  Internet was only free in the lobby and £5 for 24 hours if you wanted to connect from your room. There was a computer in the lobby that was free to use to print out boarding passes etc.  We did request a quiet room and that is what…",Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
2211,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2210-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Great service from busy hotel,"Handy to the Beer Festival we were wanting a base to get to Olympia easily .  We were soon very impressed with the level of personal service from all staff at such a busy hotel  - nothing was too much trouble, all staff were smiling , and the very busy breakfast buffet was an exercise in how it should be done ..",Date of stay: August 2014,5.0
2212,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2210-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Hilton used to be a good brand...,"But the Hilton Olympia was the worst experience in many years of travelling. Tiny, outdated room very noisy all night because of aircon systems. Had to call maintenance engineer to get TV working. Hugely expensive add-ons including £3.95 for a small bottle of water in the room, £15 for one day internet access (which in consequence we did not use) and £35 for overnight parking. To top it all, our express checkout bill included £28 for bar drinks the previous night when we had not even set foot in the bar, having been to a nearby wedding party. This took far too long to sort out at reception due to one surly member of staff.",Date of stay: August 2014,1.0
2213,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2210-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,well located,"visited in august for a couple of nights. the hotel is well located for visiting most things around london as the public transport connections are all close. the hotel is looking a bit dated, everything is clean and tidy and works well but it's just a bit old, not old enough to be a boutique hotel and not young enough to be modern, it's stuck in between. in another 10 years the wood work and decoration will make it a classy old style hotel. the staff were excellent and helped us solve a couple of problems straight away. food was good and the rooms were well equipped and spacious enough. it's a hilton so largely you get what you expect from a hilton, we would go back with noe worries at all",Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
2214,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2210-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Good location for Olympia Expo.,"The brand is good and clearly is prime real estate, but the two occations at reception staff were busy doing things on phone or computers and I was the only person waiting.  The room was small, clean and noisy. Back of building on 7th floor, with window open all you hear is aircondition units roaring away all night. Some nice food in the breakfast bar and staff were most attentive. But £2.95 for the smallest tin of pringles is taking the buscuit!  I would only stay on deal rate, rack rate would have left me feeling ripped off. But this is London, so everything is double the cost v rest of country.",Date of stay: August 2014,3.0
2215,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2215-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,weekend stay,Could not fault the excellent staff. Air con not brilliant and the room on the front was a bit noisy from the road but this was to be expected.  Easy to get into London by bus and near to Olympia for exhibitions.  Food was good but evening meal and bar was expensive.  Brilliant breakfast.  Overall a good place to stay and we will return.,Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
2216,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2215-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Nice Hotel, But a Bit of a Hike to the Tube","We were very pleased with our stay at this hotel. It's a very nice place, staff is welcoming and helpful, the room was clean and large. WIFI is available for free in the lobby, and it was the fastest wireless connection we had in three weeks on the road. They make you pay, however, if you want to connect in the comfort and privacy of your own room.There's a coffee joint right next to the hotel, several grocery stores in the area and Starbucks is just down the street toward the tube.   As noted in the title of this review, it's an easy 10-20 minute walk to the Kensington High tube station, depending on your pace, over level ground in a nice neighborhood. Kensington High Street is full of restaurants and shopping, and there is a lot of traffic and plenty of people out and about…",Date of stay: July 2014,4.0
2217,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2215-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"would give 2.5, if I could","We stayed there for two nights on a family trip. The king size bed-room was at the second floor and very small, really dated and in desperate needs for some update. You walk around the bed and that's it pretty much; the little bay towards the side street is not wroth to mention.  The shower was a bath with a shower curtain; the bath had corrosion on both sides of the tab! The ceiling was very low and the bath pretty high, I nearly banged my head at the ceiling (1.9m). This is not definitely not setting the standard for 2014, but there was plenty of hot water.  Overall expensive for a hotel that is in need of updating. No wonder that they need to sell their rooms on www.hotwire.com!",Date of stay: July 2014,3.0
2218,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2215-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Hilton London Olympia,"1 There was a strange smell in the room, not disinfectant, nor bad, just strange 2 The AC was almost ineffective, set at max cold and fan, the room was too hot and with the window open to noisy  3 The top of the wardrobe was covered in dust and only cleaned around the edge 4 I left some change (±£2) on the table on the Thursday morning and it had gone on Thursday night  I see little point in complaining as from experience it is often meet with either “we are aware of the problem and trying to resolve it, or you were aware of the advice to use the safe, so sorry”",Date of stay: August 2014,2.0
2219,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2215-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Good hotel,"This hotel is ideal if you are going to Olympia, although its only 3-4 stops on the tube from central  London. Its a 20 min walk from the nearest tube. Overall the hotel is good with a very good breakfast, our tip is get a deal including breakfast as will cost you £12 a day otherwise.",Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
2220,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2220-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,london break,"the Hilton Olympia was a very welcoming hotel on our first visit to London the staff were all fantastic very helpful ,our room was very nice and very clean to very high standards, the whole hotel was lovley the society bar was a very relaxing place to enjoy lovley meals and drinks through out the day would highly recommend to all family and friends they really made our stay brilliant thankyou so much we will be checking in on our next visit to London mr & mrs macdonald",Date of stay: August 2014,5.0
2221,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2220-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Pleasant pied a terre in Kensington,"Usual Hilton reliability in all depts (food, drink and service)  - I checked in at midnight and got a friendly reception and a pleasant, well appointed room at a reasonable rate.  Can't ask for much more!  Unless you are going to Earls Court guests may find the pleasant 15 minute walk (or take bus) from Kensington High St (good for Heathrow Express) easier than the tube shuttle service.  All in all a pleasant hotel to which I would be happy to return.",Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
2222,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2220-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Great, bad, good, bad and good","Great location. Bad old room which reminds me of the hotels in London of the 70's. Good lobby with wifi free of charge, wifi in the room is not free of charge. Good concierge service, terrible taxi service which caused me to miss the flight. When I complained to the hotel, the customer manager called me personally and the fee of the taxi I paid the reception was refund. Bottom line: great location, old rooms, and a wonderful customer service to fix the problems. I will probably go back again because of the location.",Date of stay: September 2013,3.0
2223,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2220-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Great staff and food  but.....,Had a four night stay here for work as our office is up the road a bit.  I have stayed here before and knew that the rooms are tired and rooms facing Kensington High Street can be very noisy.  So I approached it with this in mind and asked for a room away from the front which I got and seemed a lot quieter.  Firstly the good: staff are polite and very helpful.  The Executive Lounge has good food and drinks available for happy hour and is not too crowded.  Breakfast is very good. I had a package delivered and the Concierge was really helpful when it arrived. The not so good: Rooms really are very ordinary and really overpriced.  My biggest issue is housekeeping standards.  Room cleaning seems to consist of making the bed.  Getting replacement towels or water takes a phone call. …,Date of stay: August 2014,3.0
2224,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2220-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Average..,"This city hotel might be an option only when you need something out of city center with access to public transportation, Good walking distance to Kensington Olympia London Overground. Friendly staff, nice buffet. I must have had a bad luck as AC in the room was broken, so they equipped me with mobile AC unit - very noisy, must had the window opened anyway..",Date of stay: September 2013,3.0
2225,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2230-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Overpriced for a box room,"Stayed in a standard room for a weekend. Room was shabby, windows overlooked another wall, no ictures on walls, and little room to swing a mouse, never mind a cat. Lifts were slow and creaky, and tv had a mind of its own, switching channels without the remote being near anyone. The break on the 1st floor area was tired and rather bland, with too small an area allocated for food dispay per hotel guest, making it a scrabble to pick up an item over all the other elbows being poked about, with most food being either cold or luke warm. Coffee was an adventure as getting the staff to refill being almost as difficult as understanding semiphore in a thick fog, you can see the arms moving, but you are ignored. At checkout we came to pay, but there was confusion around some of the money,…",Date of stay: August 2014,1.0
2226,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2230-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Great but overpriced,"Stayed for the one night for Secret Cinema's opening night which ended up cancelling on us 90 minutes beforehand but we'll not o there - the room was nice - shower was great - didn't like the fact that there was little tubs of pringles on display (that are chargeable as soon as you pick them up by the way but if you put them back within the timer, you get away with it) that currently cost 55p in ASDA - Hilton price - £3!! Ouch!!  I did like the fact that we got a call to make sure everything was ok with our room though and the little souvenir shop was nice......a litte far from places though....not sure we'd stay again....",Date of stay: July 2014,4.0
2227,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2230-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Great customer service,"Really good to stay - stayed here for one night on a business trip. I just wanted to point out Dana from reception she just ""made my day"" not in every hotel you can see so positive workers like here. In total would stay here again.",Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
2228,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2230-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Not bad for price and location if booked in advance.,"I stayed at this Hilton Hotel at the end of July 2014. Having booked it 8 weeks or so in advance, so i got a great rate on the room for a full week. I thought with the price i paid it was room only, but found out when i checked in it was inc of breakfast.  Reception, Lobby and restaurant are all in top quality condition like you would expect from a Hilton Hotel especially a London one.  Lifts, hallways and rooms do look a little tired and could do with some redecoration in places, there was a cracked tile in the bathroom (floor but not where you would walk) and the marble surround on the sink was broken and a piece missing.  Room - there was a lot of traffic noise even with window closed and also if the room above/next to ran the taps the pipes made one hell of a noise which was…",Date of stay: July 2014,4.0
2229,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2230-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Very good location and great staff,"I have spend 1 night here with my fiance and we loved it. Right next to the Olympia station with just a short walk away from Kensignton High Street with lovely shops and restaurants. We went down to the Restaurant which was very good. Friendly and proffesional staff, had a great steak in a nice and welcoming atmosphere. We where given a nice room on the top floor. The Executive lounge was very cosy and warm. I would recomend this hotel.",Date of stay: July 2014,5.0
2230,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2235-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,If you like 70s style furnishings and a self help attitude,We booked at the Hilton Olympia for our anniversary and a show. We asked prior to the arrival for an upgrade an an exec room which we would pay for. We  also asked for champaigne in our room upon arrival. None of these requests were met or achieved. The room decor is very old fashioned with 70s style furniture and old couches with stains. Not what I would have expected from a Hilton,Date of stay: August 2014,2.0
2231,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2235-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Classy English,"Enjoyed my stay.  Our requirement are;  clean, comfortable, shower.  When traveling, not much time is spent in the room so we're not too picky.  Went at an unusually hot time (as is happening more often, everywhere), so not much ventilation.  Damp towels stayed damp throughout (I don't accept room service).  Buffet b'fast was out-standing!  I would go there for that alone.  Hotel didn't provide mapping, just hand written directions when asked.  After visiting Europe (that would include anywhere on Earth), it would have been nice to have a basic Hotel generated map of closest Metro stops, close shopping available, food sources.  Without walking aimlessly, which is very time consuming, Hotels should tell us everything available within a 15 min. walk.  I think we missed a whole…",Date of stay: July 2014,4.0
2232,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2235-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,perfect stay!,"everything was perfect, as soon as we walked in we were greeted as guest, we immediately felt at home. The room was nice and quite big, the breakfast was excellent (quality and variety of food), the location convenient to visit the city. We will come back for sure!",Date of stay: July 2014,5.0
2233,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2235-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Bit tired and in need of some modernisation but good location... ,"As a Hilton Diamond member who stays with them weekly, this is definitely is one of the lesser Hilton hotels. It's conveniently located but in need of some serious modernisation. You need to walk to high street Kensington station as the Olympia isn't open that often. Doesn't bother me as I enjoy the stroll but some may be fooled into thinking it is right next door. Gym is terrible. Too expensive so would only stay if you get it on an offer or a reduced rate. Rated poor as I have higher expectations for a Hilton in London. ",Date of stay: July 2014,2.0
2234,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2235-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Excellent Service; Grim Hotel,"Passing through London on my birthday I decided to treat myself to a hotel and as a Hiltonhonors member I naturally chose a Hilton Hotel. However, it would seem I chose the wrong one. The rooms are grim. Dark brown decor, stained carpets and tired dark brown wood furniture. My booked room was like a prison cell-very depressing! In fairness, the excellent Hilton staff did everything they could to find me another room, even offering me an upgrade. However, the executive rooms are just as grim (the bed is merely bigger) and I opted for a disabled room that at least had a large picture window to alleviate the sense of gloom on what was supposed to be my birthday. This room however was pretty noisy at night as it overlooked the main road. I have a few other issues with Hilton. Last…",Date of stay: July 2014,2.0
2235,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2240-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Worst place we stayed on the entire trip,"We stayed here one night, and chose it because we were leaving early the following morning on a European tour which picked us up at the door. The problem is that the price and the place do not match up. It was very expensive yet the fit out of the rooms and the place as a whole is very average. Breakfast was included but turned out to be a few things in a paper bag. For the price a waiter should have served us on a silver tray. Worst of all when we tried to check in we were told the room wasn't ready and we were asked to wait for a while (this was at 6pm!). I have travelled extensively and understand that you get what you pay for - in this case we did not.",Date of stay: July 2014,1.0
2236,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2240-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Not your average Hilton,"Those expecting this to be the same as your other Hilton experiences, think twice. Hotel is very dated and really needs a overhaul. Not the type of quality you would expect from Hilton.  The staff being excellent was the only upside to this stay.",Date of stay: July 2014,2.0
2237,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2240-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Below expectations,"I simple chose this hotel because of the location as I had to stay near Kensington High Street. Overall the hotel is quite old but that is not a surprise in Central London. However more than renovation the hotel needs some serious staff training. Everything was a struggle, whether it is a check in, lost key or room service order. During our check-in process we had two split bookings as one was made online and another one through the hotel directly. For the lady at the reception it seemed like the most complicated thing in the world and she kept disappearing inside back office to get some advise for every question we have asked her. Another sad thing - next to that lady was another one with trainee badge, which means we were deailing with already ""experienced"" staff member.…",Date of stay: June 2014,3.0
2238,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2240-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Not Hilton standard, not at great location due to the subway. But worth the money if you get a good deal.","My daughter and I stayed here for three nights. It had a big and spacious room, but the bathroom was drafted and needed som upgrading badly. After a shower the entire bathroom floor was floated. But the worst thing was the noise from the street. I thought it would be better, but it didn't. Every day and night was noisy and it felt like we had the windows open at all time. The staff was friendly, and we didn't eat at the hotel. I would not stay at this hotel again mainly because of the noise. I didn't sleep! I used to much money on taxi, because the lack of subway. Taking the bus took forever. I got a great deal on our stay, so it was Ok because of that. But this is not Hilton standard. ",Date of stay: April 2014,3.0
2239,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2240-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,good location for staying in West London,"If you want to stay near the big exhibition centres in West London (eg Earl's Court, Olympia etc ) this hotel is in a good spot. I enjoyed walking around the Earl's Court and West Kensington streets. Lots of nice places to eat, a few characterful pubs too. Easy access to underground transport if you don't mind a 10 minute walk. The Kensington Olympia tube station basically does not seem to have any tube trains, so best to walk to West Kensington. That was the nearest and the streets were well lit and felt safe. Lots of black cabs / taxis pass by the front door, so that should not be a problem (unless its raining !).  It is not a swanky Hilton. Its a functional Hilton. I wouldn't chose it for a romantic mini-break for example. Everything works, but some of the public areas need a…",Date of stay: July 2014,3.0
2240,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2245-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,On the button. ,"Okay so the place needs a bit of a refit, but who cares. The location is excellent being in a quieter area of the capital with easy access to its beautiful parks and only a tube journey to its sights. I was in a single room which was well designed and importantly clean. Breakfast is a buffet style with plenty of choice and good service. All in all this was a pleasant experience. ",Date of stay: July 2014,4.0
2241,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2245-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Superb celebratory Afternoon Tea,"We recently held an afternoon tea at Hilton London Olympia to celebrate our engagement.  With approx. 50 guests, we wanted to be absolutely sure everything was excellent.  Fabrizio and the team at the hotel ensured our event went absolutely to plan.  It was a superb event, and a perfect venue.  The food is still being talked about now - for all the right reasons as it was delicious.  There was an abundance of it, all delivered by the chefs themselves, adding a little theatre to the event.  The team were extremely friendly, and couldn't help enough.  On our request, they kindly set up a children's area, with colouring in packs etc which allowed parents to relax and enjoy the event whilst their kids were busy.  Thank you to all at Hilton London Olympia, especially Adam in the…",Date of stay: July 2014,5.0
2242,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2245-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,If I could give a 2.5 review I would,"This hotel sits between poor and average in my opinion, as a Diamond member and a regular visitor to Hilton's in London this was my first visit to this hotel.  Getting there is not the easiest thing in the world, its about a 20 minute walk from the nearest 'open' tube station, don't be fooled by the one very close, it's only open when major events are on at Olympia and Weekends (I think). There is of course the bus from the tube, if you know which one to get that is.  On arrival there were three staff at the desks, two assisting customers, one; well no idea what she was doing, she wasn't on the phone. However if you are on the front desk and a customer is waiting that should be your priority, the back office is there for a reason.  After a 5 minute wait I was attended to, my…",Date of stay: July 2014,3.0
2243,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2245-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel but not like a US Hilton,"Stayed here to work a trade show at the Olympia conference center.  VERY convenient to the conference center.  We tacked on 2 days to do some sightseeing and it was less conveniently located for sightseeing but not bad.  EXCELLENT service from the hotel concierge, not so pleasant at the front desk.  Common areas of the hotel were not air conditioned (open windows instead).  The bathroom had a tub which could be VERY difficult and dangerous for an older person to get in and out of...also the ceiling in the tub was just above my head (and I am 5'3"" tall) so a tall person would have to crouch down to shower?  This hotel was clean and satisfactory but not the ""Hilton"" you would expect if you have stayed in US Hiltons.",Date of stay: July 2014,3.0
2244,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2245-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Excellent stay,We stopped in this hotel for an event at earls court the hotel is about a 10 min walk  to earls court so it is ideal hotel for the venue the room was spotless clean with a massive bed in the room plus with the added bonus of air conditioning I would use this hotel again for the next time I go to earls court ,Date of stay: July 2014,5.0
2245,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2250-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Good customer service,"Great customer service, high level of cleanliness. I booked this directly from the Hilton website and got the summer deal which offered good value for money. The hotel is well located, not too far from the shops in Kensington High street, but a bit of a walk to nearest tube. Breakfast not included (and very expensive), but there are good cafes and restaurants in the area where you can get breakfast. We were able to leave our luggage at the hotel after we checked out which meant we did not have to lug it around with us for the rest of our last day.",Date of stay: July 2014,4.0
2246,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2250-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Not bad but not perfect,"Stayed here for two nights in July for an event at Earls Court and had mixed opinions about the hotel. Arrival - The hotel is a 10-15 minute walk from the High Street Kensington Tube station which we did not mind and is quite easy to find (I believe there is another station closer but trains do not run regularly). Check in was quick and the staff were very polite so I had high hopes for the hotel.  Room - Room was a 'Double Delux' and was a nice size for a London hotel, bed was clean and comfortable and quite large (possibly a King but at least a Queen). Room also contained a small table and chair, a desk area with chair. A mini bar which we did not use (but it looked a little worn out!), coffee making facilities which were well stocked (and also still and sparkling water which…",Date of stay: July 2014,3.0
2247,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2250-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Dated room, not great bathroom, service good, tricky location","Location was a bit tricky , which I wasn't aware of when I booked, sporadic tube running - wasn't really sure how frequent  Didn't try the restaurant  Gym was small but fine, good modern aerobic equipment - free water and towels.   General room décor was dated, bit tired - but the bed was good  Shower over bath, bit tired - very worn",Date of stay: July 2014,3.0
2248,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2250-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,OK,"Its not particularly well served by the underground, Olympia Station is only open weekends, bank holidays and for some events. Nearby there is a pub and a couple of passable restaurants but not much.  Building is pretty dated both inside and out with some of the carpets looking like the ones from the Shining. Its not really what you'd expect from a Hilton. Queue for check in, but service was pleasant enough. Breakfast OK. Having to pay extra for WIFI didn't impress me either. Price reasonable for Central London",Date of stay: July 2014,3.0
2249,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2250-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel,"Really good to stay. The bad thing is that sometimes cleaner was cleaning too late, when I was coming from work and wanted to be alone.  But reception was perfect! (Especially Mark. :) ) Very helpful and smiley people.",Date of stay: July 2014,4.0
2250,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2255-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Not great,"Had high hopes of the hotel. We checked in hoping with 3 of us there would be 2 rooms available for us as we had pre paid online.Only to be told only 1 room with 2 beds in available, my other friend was told she would have to sleep on a sofa bed in another of our parties rooms whom we didn't really know.we were tight on time as had taxis booked and in a rush to get ready to go out.only to finally solt a room out our door keys didn't work for one of us.later on when we were separated tried other door key didn't work. Frustrated as nothing was going smoothly as would think door keys would be registered 1st at reception. Did spoil our evening as had 2 shower in another of our parties rooms as no room available at the time.",Date of stay: July 2014,2.0
2251,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2255-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Reasonable,Stayed for one night travelling solo for an annual jolly in London with friends. I was a bit concerned having read the mixed reviews but actually found this hotel okay. Hotel is a short and pleasant walk down a leafy street from the overground station and was easy to find. Had to queue at check in but the welcome was friendly and efficient when I got to the front. The room was clean and functional. I had breakfast in the executive lounge which was nice and private as a lone female but I found the food a bit tasteless. It was a very pleasant 50 mins walk from the V&A in high heels. ,Date of stay: July 2014,3.0
2252,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2255-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Barely acceptable,"I stayed at the Hilton Olympia mid week for one night in July 2014. The general condition of the building and rooms was just acceptable, not the standard I would have expected from a Hilton.  The rooms have big TVs but they don't fit on the tables properly so you can only watch it from your bed at an angle of about 45degrees.  Room had lovely French windows with a balcony but it was locked and therefore could not go out and enjoy the sunshine.  Breakfast was not good. Half the cooked breakfast was cold. Someone tried to take my plate away whilst I was still clearly eating off it - I even still had my knife and fork in my hands!",Date of stay: July 2014,2.0
2253,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2255-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Great staff, comfy beds & nice food","Spent three nights at Hilton Olympia London whilst exhibiting at The Meetings Show. Firstly, the location for anyone visiting or exhibiting Olympia is great. It's a 10 minute foot walk from High Street Kensington and a nice play to stay. If you know Hilton hotels, you know that it's a high mid range to upper class.   Check-In was very quick and staff was very friendly and efficient. Changing the booking from Tuesday to Monday was done without any problems. The rooms very alright, nice working area with great lighting and quick Wifi which is always very useful for the working traveller.   Room: Even though my room was on 5th floor facing the street, it wasn't too noisy at night and I had an awesome sleep. Talking about sleep, the bed is amazing and I had a proper deep sleep on…",Date of stay: July 2014,5.0
2254,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2255-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Clean and comfortable,Stayed here for one night on a business trip. The room was clean and comfortable but rather small and the decor was rather tired. The breakfast buffet was fine and there was a reasonable selection. The hotel is in an excellent location for Earls Court and Olympia and a short walk from the Earls Court underground. Overall it was a pleasant stay for work but have stayed in better Hilton hotels. ,Date of stay: July 2014,3.0
2255,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2260-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,London Visit,"We have stayed in this Hilton a few times and it is one our London favourites. It has been upgraded in all areas,with friendly,helpful staff great food and service. There is parking underground and bus stops outside the hotel. I have already booked to return visit.",Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
2256,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2260-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Great stay,"We stayed for 1 night as we were at Wimbledon and it was more than adequate. Decent size room, quick check in, huge breakfast and courteous staff. The price was excellent too. It is looking a little tired and a walk from the tube but this didn't bother us considering the price paid. ",Date of stay: July 2014,4.0
2257,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2260-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Excellent value if you can find an offer on!,"Lovely hotel, helpful staff & large, clean room, which was very quiet given that we were facing the main road. If there is an offer on don't hesitate! Convenient location too. There was a long queue to check in, that was the only gripe.",Date of stay: July 2014,4.0
2258,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2260-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Lovely hotel,"WOuld stay again as got a really good deal. Very handy to the train station. bar a bit too pricy for my liking, £12.50 for a glass of wine, other than that I would recommend. Room was lovely and comfortable. Also very clean.",Date of stay: July 2014,5.0
2259,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2260-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Great hotel.,"After reading reviews on here regarding this hotel i was a bit concerned at what i had booked. The hotel lobby area is nice and it didn't take that long to check in. The room i had was on the 7th floor with air con but it was very hot in London so it was warm in the bedroom. All in all it was a pleasant stay, I'm not sure i could of coped longer in the heat however that's not the hotels fault. If you're not into walking then catch a cab from the tube station, it is quite a walk considering a number of hotels in London are right next to tube stops. Beware, the tube doesn't stop at Olympia regularly (usually only weekends and special events) However West Kensigton and Hammersmith are a 15 minute walk away (a brisk walk).",Date of stay: July 2014,4.0
2260,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2265-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,One bad experience,"Overall our stay was fine.  However, on Saturday night our experience in the bar was extremely bad.  Staff were rude and indiscrete, and offered insincere apologies.  On taking the matter to the duty manager at reception the attitude was no better, the gentleman (and I use the term loosely) on reception couldn't have cared less.",Date of stay: June 2014,3.0
2261,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2265-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,They somehow they always miss the mark!,"I will start by saying that I am from the US and a Hilton loyal. I have stayed at this hotel at least 6 times over the past 6 years and there is always something not right.  Whether it be having to call down for a roll of toilet paper because housekeeping left half a roll without a replacement or leaving dirty glasses in the room and not replacing them with clean, or not refilling the coffee supplies.  It's always something.  I will also add that all of the rooms do not have air conditioning.  This last visit I was in room 864 which was a smoking room, so I was pleased that I was able to find a hotel that did allow smoking. However, there are ""blowers"" which are the equivalent in the US as using the vent in your car which uses the outside air to cool the room.  It just never…",Date of stay: June 2014,3.0
2262,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2265-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Not for tourists !,"Excellent hotel, nothing to defect. Staff, Bar, Reception, rooms, service...All very good. This hotel was appointed to us as a base when our aim was to visit the city. The nearest tube station is about 15 minutes walk, which was inconvenient to us, especially under the famous English weather.",Date of stay: June 2014,4.0
2263,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2265-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Wonderful Service, Good Accomodations","We arrived in London tired from our overnight flight. We had a one night layover, and just enough to get to a hotel, drop our stuff off and then try to see some stuff in London. Our trip was partially for our anniversary, so when the kind lady checking us asked the reason for our stay, we told her about our anniversary and she very nicely upgraded our rooms and gave us access to the lounge area.   After a slight mishap (two clerks upgraded their guests at the same time so the original room we were given was already occupied) we got to our room. After reading some of the reviews on Trip Advisor, I had prepared myself for a small room. I was pleasantly surprised. Our room was large, with a sitting area separate from the bedroom area.   Having traveled through the UK before, I am…",Date of stay: May 2014,5.0
2264,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2265-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Is this a Hilton??,"Stayed a there for 3 nights for business.   The staff is from all over the world which adds some flair, but most of them dont speak or understand english very well. If I am paying Hilton prices I dont want to have to re order a drink at the bar because I am not understood.  Rooms were very outdated with tiny bathrooms. I lived in the EU for many years, so I can tell the difference between a EU bathroom and a tiny bathroom. This bathroom was tiny.  The furniture must have been 20 plus years old. The wifi infrastructure was very poor. Connections kept dropping. Sometimes it would take up to 5 minutes to be able to reconnect. 5 minutes is too long when you are working.  The restaurant in the hotel also failed the most simple test. Staff there was rude and food was not fresh and…",Date of stay: June 2014,2.0
2265,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2270-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,A 3 star hotel in a great location,"Lots of transportation close to the hotel - take the Circle Line to Keningston High Street and upon exit from the tube turn left.  It is about a brisk 10 minute walk to the hotel.  Lots of food options around the hotel and bus stop close by.  (In case you are interested there is a Whole Food Grocery store) if you walk towards the Tube station and pass it for about 10 minutes.  As for the hotel  - it is an older average Hilton stay.  The beds and pillows are comfortable, the carpet a bit worn, staff is fine.  I had a room facing away from the main street and had no issues with traffic noise.",Date of stay: June 2014,3.0
2266,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2270-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,An exceptional experience,"My wife and I took our daughter to London for her fifth birthday and she had the most amazing time. This was largely down to the exceptional service that we received from the team at the Olympia hotel. Before arriving we asked if there was anything they could do with the room as it was her birthday, they made the room extremely special (With banners) and even took the time to find out my daughters name and favorite people so that they could get a balloon that matched (As well as a cake on a plate with her name around the edge). They even make a birthday cake and a dog out of towels! Not only that, throughout the stay they were also fantastic and everyone already seemed to know who she was and said happy birthday to her. This made her feel so special and she really enjoyed her…",Date of stay: May 2014,5.0
2267,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2270-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,My Birthday,excellent stay. the place the staff were wonderful to us. would recommend this hotel to any traveller. the room are nice and clean. towels changed every day and rooms cleaned every day. great pub over the road.,Date of stay: June 2014,5.0
2268,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2270-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,I'm very satisfied,Clean rooms and a good air conditioner and fast check in arrival and check out in departure. The hotel is in the best location in London and near to Hyde Park. There are not any slippers in the rooms. But I'm very satisfied.,Date of stay: June 2014,5.0
2269,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2270-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Bad,"This place must rank high on the list of the worst Hiltons in the world. Desperately in need of renovation. Very noisy. Single pane windows that barely close, so it does not make a difference if they are open or closed.   On the plus side: the staff is nice and very helpful, the location is good and it is clean.",Date of stay: June 2014,1.0
2270,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2275-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Good, solid Hilton...bit of a trek out of town though","I stay in London most weeks on business and stay in whatever Hilton is available due to their excellent Loyalty scheme. In busier weeks availability tends to push you out of 'town' a little so this week I stayed in the Hilton Olympia. The hotel itself is pleasant enough although the public areas are a fair bit nicer than the rooms which whilst a decent size, are a little dated. The restaurant and bar area are very nice, although expensive if you're funding your stay yourself rather than on business expense. The only challenge with this place is the location - a long way down the Central Line and then an overground train ride to get there. If you're wanting to go to Westfield etc it's great, but if visiting central attractions or on business in the city, less so. Still, apart…",Date of stay: May 2014,3.0
2271,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2275-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Great Sized rooms for a London Hotel,"Located right next door to Olympia, this hotel is perfect for anyone attending an event there. Not much to look at from the outside but truly impressive rooms sizes on the inside. Huge comfortable bed and a generous sized bathroom with plenty of space to move around in. Nice lounge bar and adequate breakfast space. Only short comings would be the speed of check in which was painfully slow for a pre-paid room and the fact that they want to charge you for internet access. It's also worth nipping to the Morrisons Supermarket next door if you want water as the Hilton are going to charge you a very steep £3.95 per bottle in your room. Would use this hotel again if we were attending another event.",Date of stay: June 2014,4.0
2272,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2275-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,weekend stay,we booked two double rooms via hotwire for a one night stay and was more than happy with the price and standard of the rooms. all facilities were in place and the sights i`d  come to see didnt include the hotel window view therefore it didnt matter. polite staff and quick (late) check-in. so many landmarks that all tube stations were visited! get your oyster card first.,Date of stay: June 2014,4.0
2273,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2275-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Convenient and standard hotel,"I stayed here as part of a large party with work.  It was quite difficult to get to, compared to other parts of London, especially if coming from Euston. The tube does not always run to Kensington Olympia so make sure you check this first. I caught an overground train from Euston and changed at Willesden. It is a 5 min walk then from Olympia station. There are lots of pubs and restaurants nearby and bus stops to get around London, but imagine the main reason people would choose to stay here is if they are at an event at Olympia or Earls Court. The hotel check in was fine and friendly, but when I got to my room, I was not happy, as it had no natural daylight and was overlooking a noisy a/c unit.....so I rang reception and spoke to a very helpful Penny, and got moved to a…",Date of stay: June 2014,3.0
2274,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2275-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Worst ever hilton,"As a Hilton honours member I have stayed at quite a few hotels, as generally it's a reliable brand.   This week I had the displeasure of staying at the Hilton Olympia in London.  At checkin it looks good, it then falls down from the old lift, the worn corridors and finally the room.   The room is awful, small, dirty carpet, Tv that doesn't work, worn bathroom, and the price at £340 per night is pure robbery for such a poor quality product.    This hotel shames both the brand and London itself, I would hate to be a tourist having booked this hotel !!",Date of stay: June 2014,1.0
2275,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2280-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Dark prison cell rooms,I've stayed at lots of Hilton hotels all over the world and can honestly say this is the worst. The room is pokey with a tiny window overlooking a building that's 6 ft away. It's dark with outdated furniture and worst of all it's £341 a night!!!!! Not even got a hair dryer in the room. Will rethink my Hilton hotel strategy after this 2 night stay. ,Date of stay: June 2014,1.0
2276,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2280-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,2 nights stay in Kensington,"After being in London for study abroad, we needed a room for the final 2 nights of our free time.  Prices for hotels in central London areas are expensive to say the least. I got this hotel for really cheap, considering, on the secret rates thru Hotwire.  The hotel itself was really nice, and clean and service was great.  Only problem with the room were the beds weren't the most comfortable, but hey, they weren't that bad.  Located really close to the Kensington Olympia stop.  WiFi was £15 a night which is really expensive (coming from our free WiFi from our other hotel).  Most of the places to eat around the area were Persian places, which is fine, but a little redundant.  Hotel isn't too far by bus to Hyde Park or the shopping areas around Harrod's.  I think the hotel was a…",Date of stay: June 2014,4.0
2277,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2280-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,They don't have it together PLUS thieves in their midst!!!,"We checked in for three nights in this convenient London hotel as part of our week in the UK. Immediately after entering our 85 degree Fahrenheit room, I returned to the desk to ask about the AC. They simply suggested it had been warm in London for June, and to turn the AC down, and it will cool itself. It was late. We wanted to get to sleep, so we did.   After a couple of hours it was still over 80 degrees so we opened e window for cooling. Of course, it ended up raining and everything in our suitcase near he window got wet.   In the morning I politely shared this with the front desk again who apologized, wrote it down, and said she would have an engineer correct the issue before our return.   We had a full day, returned to the room at about 1030 PM. Not only was the room …",Date of stay: June 2014,2.0
2278,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2280-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Great City Hotel,"We booked this hotel by using Expedia's facility of booking a hotel at a reduced price by not knowing its name until you book and pay - we really landed on our feet with Hilton London Olympia. Hotel rooms good for a city hotel, clean and beds very very comfy. Breakfast well worth paying for - we got offered vouchers at £12 each when we checked in -- the dining room is bright and modern and the breakfast very fresh and continually replenished with new fresh food. From the outside the hotel does look tired and unappealing - inside it is different - bar and restaurant excellent as is Reception area - if you wanted to be very picky new carpets would be nice but that would be being picky. Staff all very friendly and we arrived at 11am and asked if we could leave the bags as check in…",Date of stay: June 2014,4.0
2279,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2280-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Great location,"the hotel is a very nice hotel - great location. beds are like sleeping on rocks - front desk is rude, abrupt, disorganized - too many chiefs - not enough service oriented employees. i believe that this hotel could be an exceptional hilton property if management would engage in more service training of employees, and eliminate the unnecessarily strong concentration camp mentality of a number of the front desk reception personnel who displayed a propensity for annoying the hell out of many of the guests upon arrival, departure and those guests who only sought answers to their questions.",Date of stay: June 2014,3.0
2280,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2285-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Tired and Flogged out,"Stayed here for two nights at the end of a long trip to Europe. As mentioned in other reviews, the hotel is pretty tired and worn out. The weather was quite warm when we were there and the air conditioning in our room struggled to cope. In fairness, I noticed this was also the case in a lot of other locations, including the newish Westfield at Shepherds Bush. I guess English air conditioning is just not meant to cope with global warming. On the bright side, the room was very large in comparison to other English hotels we have stayed in.  Service from the staff was very good, with engineering attempting to get the air con going and room service fast and efficient. The girls on the reception who seemed to be Eastern European were a bit cool and didn't have a great grasp of English…",Date of stay: June 2014,3.0
2281,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2285-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Hotel in great need of renovation and happier staff,"Good location if you are visiting for a conference at Olympia but this hotel needs to be renovated. Lobby and bar has been updated somewhat but rooms and hallways are old, dark and smelly. Bathroom filled with smell of stagnant water after shower and my husband could not even stand upright in the shower. Hotel staff not rude but needs to be cheered up and better at informing about Hilton services.",Date of stay: June 2014,2.0
2282,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2285-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,The Noise!,"Booked this hotel location for a concert in Earls Court. We had a small room on the 8th floor. The corridors reminded me of a tired 1970's hotel. The room itself was fine but the bathroom was tiny! Out of the window we had a view of a yellow wall and some vents. It wasn't until we went to bed that night that we discovered the vents are incredibly noisey. Also the mini bar in the room hummed to itself all night. Then, as if it wasn't noisey enough, there was a domestic in a room further up the corridor. Luckily the staff were able to sort this part out. Also, I can't believe in 2014 we are still being charged for Wifi. How can you get free wifi on a bus and you can't get free wifi in a room you are paying over £130 a night for? Lastly, would it kill them to give a complimentry…",Date of stay: June 2014,3.0
2283,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2285-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,good hotel,"Good hotel , a bit far from the centum of london , very clean great staff. but if you take the bus it is 20 minutes from the centrum so no big deal. breakfeast is good but a bit chaotic when a lot of poeple in the hotel",Date of stay: June 2014,3.0
2284,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2285-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,BrillIant stay,Not quite sure how all the other reviews are negative. I had a brilliant stay. Arrived at 10am and a room was ready for me although check in was 3pm which was great!! Room was spacious clean and accommadting to all our needs. Staff were friendly and helpful. Wifi was free in the Lobby but charged in room which didn't bother me. They also held our luggage free of charge until later that day. Overall I found my stay faultless. ,Date of stay: June 2014,5.0
2285,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2290-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Not quite normal Hilton service/standard,"I am a HHonors member and default to Hilton hotels.  I am normally very pleased with the service and standard.  The Olympia was a disappointment.  No upgrade available (as a Gold member I normally get one).  Very few HH benefits provided, initially asked to pay for WiFi.  Had to ask twice for beds to be connected in the room.  Small gym.  Overall room and corridors a bit poky and tired. Plus points - friendly staff, good breakfast, good location.",Date of stay: June 2014,3.0
2286,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2290-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Not worth the money,"Stayed at this hotel prior to our Trafalgar tour because it was the designated hotel by Trafalgar. The experience was quite bad, considering the price that we paid for it. Hilton Olympia only have double and single rooms, but because I travelled as a group of 3, we had to book one double and one single room. However, the double room and single room was located at opposite ends of the long corridor. The corridors looks poorly lit and unsafe. There are also short stairs on each level that we have to climb to get to our rooms, which makes it difficult to move our luggages. The bathroom also looks rather dirty, even though a complete set of toiletries was provided.  Overall I won't recommend this hotel in London. Especially for lone female travellers this will be quite a bad place…",Date of stay: May 2014,2.0
2287,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2290-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Good location,The hotel is in a good location especially for Olympia.  Had a nice room. Bathroom a little bit tired but apart from that fine  The reception area is busy and a nice area   Had room service which was good   Kensington high street is very close and nice to walk to for restaurants and shops,Date of stay: April 2014,4.0
2288,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2290-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Awful, miserable, penny pinching place. Like a halfway house","Terrible, terrible hotel. After checking into my room I called down for a wifi code. Had to pay. Gritted my teeth and said fine, put it on the room account. Oh no we can't do that, Sir. You need to come down to reception and pay cash. What year are we living in? Why on earth can't they put it on the room???  Next I ask for a charger for my blackberry as I'd left it behind. Of course, Sir, go through to our business centre. Business centre is ambitious. Instead I found a dingy boxroom manned by a bored girl on her phone. In the corner was a locker which allowed you to charge your mobile phone but only if you inserted pound coins every few minutes. Extraordinary. Never have I come across anything so mean. Cost about a tenner to charge my phone until the girl felt sorry for me and…",Date of stay: June 2014,1.0
2289,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2290-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Another opportunity,"I live in Las Vegas and I used to stay at the Olympia 8-10 times a year. I stopped staying about 2 years ago, due to rudeness of employees and room service that was 50 minutes. The hotel was a bit run down, average at best and I  made sure my employees did not stay there anymore. I have business there in June and I am staying 13th-16th June. Bigger issue in my opinion, is that the General Mgr did not have the decency to reply to my email with my concerns. I will be honest and let people know how I am treated this time. David Pearson",Date of stay: July 2013,2.0
2290,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2295-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Enjoyable stay,"We stayed at the Hilton Olympia when we were part of a tour group (Note: Tour companies use the hotel quite a bit.) It's fairly conveniently located in Kensington, and the Kensington High Street tub stop is about a 15 minute walk (another note: we used bus #9 to the tube stop, or to Trafalgar Square, Covent Garden, etc.) and the bus stops directly in front of hotel. The hotel is pleasant enough, however, many of the rooms are very tiny. If possible, opt to upgrade to a larger, executive room which also offers more amenities. The hotel breakfast was very good, and concierge service was superb. The only downside was that free wi-fi was only available in the lobby and it would have been nice to have had service in the rooms.",Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
2291,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2295-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Highly recommended,Just checked out after a faultless 3 night stay. Welcome - excellent. Room - excellent. Breakfast - excellent. Staff all very welcoming and a pleasure. Top marks Hilton. Would thoroughly recommend. Ideal location being only a short walk to High Street Kensington and access to all attractions. ,Date of stay: May 2014,5.0
2292,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2295-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Good location nice bar,"Stayed here for 1 night with a friend, using a special secret hotel deal from lastminute.com which meant we only paid £87 for the room which is a bargain. Rooms are very small but location is good and we enjoyed the bar area until late. Had a great stay and the good deal on the hotel helped!",Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
2293,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2295-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Hilton London Olympia - Is it 1989 again?,"The price is high, and the rooms are very small...and outdated (IMO).  We were given rooms on an ""updated"" floor, but my question is exactly when were they supposedly updated? 1989? With the exception of a flatscreen TV, the room, and bathroom were seriously outdated. The bathroom has some type of drop ceiling so you can easily bang your head on one of the tiles even if you're a person of average height. The water pressure in the shower was kind of inconsistent too.   Maintenance? The room got cleaned every day, but it just seems like a lot of corners were cut, and the cleaners just wanted to get out of there. They left some of our room service that had clearly been left to be disposed of on the table and just cleaned around the dirty dish (!). Common sense, people. Oddly…",Date of stay: May 2014,3.0
2294,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2295-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Enjoyable Stay,"I have stayed here quite a few times when in London for business. It is a nice hotel, maybe the rooms need updating slightly but had everything I needed for my stay. The breakfast has a lot of choice and I enjoyed this.There is a variety of transport in the area and places to eat.",Date of stay: March 2014,4.0
2295,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2300-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Perfect for what we needed,"We stayed in this hotel on a shopping trip to London. We made life easy for ourselves and booked a taxi from the airport as it was a bit difficult to get to from Gatwick.But it is less than 5 minutes walk from Kensington Olympia station which brings you right to Westfields shopping centre and clapham junction. The hotel is also right by a bus stop where the number 9 brings you straight to knightsbridge etc. The rooms are not huge but they were perfect for us. The bar in the hotel is really nice for a few drinks and there is a costa coffee right by the lobby which we got every morning. Overall I would stay here again. It is clean, comfortable and the staff are very nice.",Date of stay: May 2014,3.0
2296,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2300-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Enjoyed my stay for Chelsea Flower Show,"I was concerned due to mi reviews but hotel delivered a good value of service. I requested a quiet room and indeed rooms at the 6th floor were quiet and nice, cannot fault the cleanliness(!) good size. Staff was very helpful an professional. Location is quite convenient if one is used for London buses. In addition Hammersmith is close to Heathrow which is a bonus. I booked for a week to enjoy Chelsea Flower Show and had a wonderful time, was able to combine sightseeing with being on top of my emails ( Internet at lobby was  free and efficient). Choices in the restaurant and bar could be more diverse but otherwise no faults, adjacent Costa shop provides a good alternative for breakfast. Overall I am very satisfied and will  certainly return to this hotel. If you have any personal…",Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
2297,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2300-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Olympia by name and nature,"This hotel stay was truly a special experience that left my visit to London extra memorable. The location was wonderful day and night.  I felt very safe at all times.  The bus stop was steps to the door of the hotel.  The hotel interior was welcoming with many guests mingling in the lounge.  The room was clean, quiet, and spacious with attractive up-to-date décor and comfortable and functional furnishings.",Date of stay: May 2014,5.0
2298,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2300-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Long walk from the tube,"Stayed here as a loyal hilton user. The only real drawback, part from the noise of the railway line, was the ten plus minute walk to Kensington High St tube. In the honking rain as well, I was drenched on the way there and the way back. No pint getting a cab as walking was faster!  Good food and great room, but decor looks a bit tired. Come on IHG!",Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
2299,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2300-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Great stay,"We stayed two nights during the Chelsea Flower Show. Everything at the hotel was good from the staff to the room and food. The£20 dinner offer was excellent. Transport from the hotel was really easy by bus, overground or tube.",Date of stay: May 2014,5.0
2300,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2305-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Very poor for the price,"my girlfriend and i stayed here last weekend as we were going to a comedy show at the hammersmith apollo so this ticketed the boxes in terms of location (a leisurely 15 minute stroll or 5 min bus from outside the hotel) i havent stayed in a hilton for a few years so was rather excited, the reception was nice so I was thinking good things as it was what i expected but sadly thats where the happiness ended. our ""deluxe double"" room was tiny, admittedly we checked in late (6pm) so perhaps the best rooms were gone but this room was really small, there was no view from the window, just the air conditioning units and it was pretty disappointing. i expected much more from a hilton. im sure this place does a good trade for the conventions but at the prices quoted its awful, ive stayed…",Date of stay: May 2014,2.0
2301,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2305-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Yes we  enjoyed  our  stay,"Myself and my  wife  were exhibiting at Olympia, the hotel is ideally  placed and make a fantastic relaxing bolt hole away  from the exhibition. When in London the hotel and Kensington makes an ideal location for your  stay.",Date of stay: May 2014,5.0
2302,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2305-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Very poor,"To begin with I had to wait 10 minutes to be let in from the car park! I was checking in at 1830 which is a busy time so why were there only 2 people at check in with 7 people trying to check in?! Got to my room and the TV didn't work. Got moved to another room with another TV not working completely. I ordered breakfast with room service to come between 0600-0630, and guess what? Didn't arrive within that time. Check out was again a long wait. Overall I was extremely disappointed with this hotel, I'd have been better off in a premier inn for half the price",Date of stay: May 2014,1.0
2303,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2305-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Hilton Olympia,"the beds were very small beds (singles), expensive internet (5 pounds per day) was intermittent in our room and we had to go to the hotel lobby to use the internet when we needed it. Basically, the experience did not meet the experience I was expecting considering the Hilton hotel name.",Date of stay: May 2014,2.0
2304,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2305-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Nice enough,"Like most of the hotels in Europe we've been in our tour, this hotel is averagely small. I'm not sure about their suites but the ordinary rooms ( like the ones w/ double or twin beds) are kind'a small. Say, if you have 2 or 4 big luggages, it basically takes all the floor room. The place is really clean and neat though, from the room itself to the linens, beds. You have free coffee and coffee maker in the room. There is free wi-fi but you have to go down to the lobby to connect to it; none in the room. Mind you, at times, hard to connect to it.  Their breakfast is really good! Buffet with really a lot of choices! My friends did not care much for their 'blood cake' (not sure if it was a cake but it's shaped into a patty) but personally, I loved it! Staff courteous, friendly…",Date of stay: April 2014,4.0
2305,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2310-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Not as bad as poor but not as good as average.,"Stayed in this Hotel many times purely for convenience to Olympia as its where everybody else stays for the exhibition and the hotel capitalises on this understandably. The reception and rooms have been refurbished in the past few years. Rooms are tiny, air conditioning never works. For a Hilton it is very average. Its proximity to Olympia is the only real plus point. Its expensive. Reception staff are always polite, helpful, and accommodating.",Date of stay: May 2014,3.0
2306,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2310-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Needs some work,"Stayed here for two nights in order to attend an exhibition at the Olympia venue as I'm sure plenty of other reviewers here have done. Unfortunately it seems to me that the price you pay does not reflect the quality of the room you receive.  Starting from the beginning - check in was quick, not too busy by the time we arrived late afternoon on a Friday - the girl behind the desk was friendly and efficient. One comment I would make is that charging for wireless in your room is starting to become ""old fashioned"" and considering the price of the room per night, it shouldn't be a case of these little extras creeping in.  My boss and I were staying in rooms on the fourth floor - the elevators are rather small and don't come quickly at peak times - beware if you are in a rush - you…",Date of stay: May 2014,2.0
2307,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2310-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Reasonable hotel in London, bit far but few but not too bad","Is a typical average mid level Hilton, a bit further and needs a bus stops to underground but price is better and reasonable clean and neat.  No free wifi in room, just in lobby but breakfast room is very nice with good traditional English breakfast.  All in all, it not a top end Hilton but not too bad.",Date of stay: April 2014,4.0
2308,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2310-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Overnight Stay,Hotel clean and fresh with friendly attentive staff.  The room was a fairly non-descript average room for a hotel with this quality name and the price range but it was clean and well maintained.  The bed was very comfortable and linen fresh and clean. Bathroom was also typical of any hotel and again fresh and clean with plenty of hot water and good powerful shower.  A pleasant overnight stay and I would recommend this hotel as a very comfortable place to stay.,Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
2309,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2310-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Great hotel, very good service...","The hotel is conveniently located close to Olympia station but most of the time you have to use the above ground trains or buses. We traveled most of the time by bus as we found that we have to change too many trains to go downtown.  The check-in was fast. We got our room when we arrived at the hotel, around 11 am. They accommodated our request for two beds. The room size is ok for an European hotel.  The staff from reception and concierge were fantastic and very friendly. Tip: you can lend power plug adaptors from concierge for a 10GBP deposit.  The room was cleaned very well every day.  The breakfast was 12GBP per person per day, kids under 10 were free. The food was the same every day but we were ok.  Overall we had a very nice stay at Hilton Olympia.  Here are a few things…",Date of stay: May 2014,5.0
2310,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2315-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Hen party stay,We stayed here as part of our hen party package. They kindly upgraded the bride to be to a suite & gave her a bag full of party bits. The hotel is ok but could do with a bit of updating however we weren't in the room long so it didn't bother us. The staff seem helpful & there was lots of choice for breakfast,Date of stay: May 2014,3.0
2311,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2315-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Terrible Hotel,Overpriced - second rate accommodation terrible rooms.  If you want to pay these prices and a decent hotel go somewhere else - if you just want this location go to the Think serviced apartments round the corner - basic but at nicer rooms and much better value.,Date of stay: May 2014,1.0
2312,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2315-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,In Need of Update,"Stayed here for 3 nights attending a show in Olympia which is next door. Bar menu choice is limited and service in the bar area is slow. I stayed in room 325 which although spacious is, along with the general corridors, in need of updating. Woken up at 6:30 each morning by the dustcart collecting from the hotel courtyard so don't take this room if you want a quiet lie in!!!  TV was not working properly, shower over the bath was not high enough to stand under but was powerful and plenty of hot water..  A colleague was locked out of her room due to a failure of the lock. It took 2hrs of promises that it will be fixed in 5mins to gain access.  Overall expensive for a hotel that is in need of updating but that swhat you pay for the location.",Date of stay: May 2014,3.0
2313,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2315-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Safe Area in London,It is true it is not the same as the USA Hilton Hotel's I am accustom to however I felt the stay here was just fine with a great breakfast buffet. The Tube was on strike which made for a lot of walking for those two days however we were happy to have it on our final day. The station was just a 10 minute walk. We were told numerous times that the Kensington area is very safe due to the proximity of the Palace and I did feel very safe there.  The Concierge ISO and several others were incredibly helpful from getting us an extra convertor to calling Golden Tours to see if they would pick us up at the Hotel as he knew it was along the route to Victoria and the weather was dreadful that day. They were not able to but just the fact that he thought enough to try was very appreciated.…,Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
2314,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2315-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Not 4 stars from me,"We stayed for four nights. Checkin was slow with long line waiting to be served. This seemed to be the case every day. We expected this to be more of a high-end, 4 star hotel, but found it a bit dated, hallways to the room was not very nice and carpets seemed dirty. The room was okey, but not much more. Drains in the bathroom was blocked, the purchased internet/wifi (totally overpriced!) goes down all the time in the room, but the staff told us no one else had complained about it, so it must be my tablet. My tablet is  just fine and the wifi connection has never been a problem anywhere else, home, at hotels, or even in their own reception area. The reason I paid extra for wifi was so I could work in my room, but feel totally scammed on this! I would hesitate to recommend Hilton…",Date of stay: May 2014,2.0
2315,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2320-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Is Hilton only this good?,I used to think a Hilton hotel guarantees luxury of some kind but this hotel is like a 3 star hotel in Asia. The room is ok. The lifts and stairs are tiny. Internet is unstable. Worst of all from its online description I thought the Kensington Olympia station had a working underground system but turned out it was closed and I had to work all the way to High Str Kensington station.,Date of stay: January 2014,3.0
2316,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2320-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,excellent breakfast,"we came in for a break fast yesterday . i think it  will be unfair, if i did not congratulate the team for a great food as well as service. the supervisor and the team were very helpful and gave an excellent service . the food was also good and i will recommend every one to go for the breakfast for their food as well as for their service. keep it up",Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
2317,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2320-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Single room quality,"Single rooms with single beds. Poor window sound insulation. Avoid. Restaurant is fine, with good, well prepared food, and staff are helpful. Billing mistakes were made in restaurant, but staff were very helpful and rectified accordingly. Reasonable location.",Date of stay: April 2014,2.0
2318,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2320-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Close to the Olympia exhibition center,"The hotel is not to close to any subway station, but once there is perfect for the Olympia convention center. The hotel is nice and the staff is friendly. My room 531 was ok and decently equipped. But there was no real window, and the bathroom was very small. But all together the cost benefit ratio was ok. Breakfast is served in a nice environment overlooking a nearby small park.",Date of stay: April 2014,3.0
2319,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2320-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Tired hotel with ridiculous check-in procedures,"I booked this hotel for a business trip with eight of my colleagues due to it's close proximity to Earls Court.  It should have been a comfortable, easy stay however I found that reception and check-in to be a completely nightmare that affected my whole stay.  It takes at least ten minutes to check-in each person and this didn't improve as I was there for three days and the queues and annoyed faces were consistent. On my second day my room card failed so I had to go down and queue again so re-activate it...it took nearly half an hour.  The bath in my 'deluxe' room had hairs in the bat and my TV was pixelated and not in great condition - I could have reported these problems and most probably been moved but, at the end of a long day, who can be bothered to queue for half an hour…",Date of stay: April 2014,3.0
2320,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2325-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Excellent,"Very Professional staff.Excellent dinner service on Friday 25th.lots of choice,tasty food.Compliment to chef.Breakfast team in restaurant always smiling.went extra mile to look after us.Restaurant team assest for hotel.keep it up.I have worked in hotel industry for 6 years in Accor,so from my experience,best customer ever got.Thank you all. Abhijit",Date of stay: April 2014,5.0
2321,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2325-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Made my stay memorable,"When I decided to have a weekend stay at Hilton London Olympia on 25th of April 2014 to 27th of April 2014 , I had two things in my mind , firstly was to have a lovely weekend with my husband and my 3 yr old and secondly to celebrate our 7th wedding anniversary. I was stunned by the effort taken by the staff to decorate our room 609 so elegantly and providing with a bottle of wine and hand made chocolates with a card wishing both of us a wonderful anniversary.we both felt special and touched by the thoughtfulness.Each staff we encountered during our stay were so welcoming and helpful,also the food and service at restaurant was really of top quality,we had a very fresh and tasteful breakfast and dinner at Hilton Olympia and the service staffs were remarkably good and welcoming.I…",Date of stay: April 2014,5.0
2322,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2325-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Lovely stay,"We stayed here because it was convenient for a concert at the royal Albert hall.  We stayed in an executive king room and it was really nice. We were on the 7th floor with a view of the city.  All the staff we encountered were very friendly and professional I have to say We were pleasantly surprised that they had a lounge for executive room guests to use which had all manner if snacks and soft drinks which were complimentary, even beer was served complimentary around tea time.  The room was spotlessly clean and the bed was very comfortable. Over all we were very impressed. As London hotels can be very impersonal we found this one to have it just right, well done hilton Olympia, I would recommend you and stay again!",Date of stay: April 2014,5.0
2323,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2325-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Ok Not Stellar,"Location was good. Rooms ok. Bfast was good. Overall ambience struck me as dark. Wifi sporadic, not dependable. Location was walkable from tube station but not if you have heavy luggage. On a bus line for access to restaurants further afield than the ones closeby. ",Date of stay: April 2014,3.0
2324,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2325-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Worst hotel stay in a long time,This hotel was really poor all round. The rooms were small and when I arrived for my first nights stay my room was roasting hot. I attempted to turn the air con up to full but this was really noisy and made no difference to the temperature. I was checking the air temperature from the vent & the grill fell out of the wall falling in my head & getting plaster dust in my eye.   I rang the night receptionists who could not move me as they were fully booked. They can and opened the patio door & I had to sign a health & safety disclaimer in case of accidents from the balcony. This helped the temperature but the road noise from outside was horrendous & it took me hours to get to sleep.   I was moved on my second night stay and the duty manager was really helpful but the second room was…,Date of stay: April 2014,2.0
2325,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2330-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Didn't appreciate the practical joke,"We managed to get an upgrade, the original room was far too small, only a little wider than the length of the bed. I was appreciative of this or our three nights stay would have been intolerable.  I was less appreciative of the fact that the bar bill comes with service added. They then leave another box for you to add a tip!   As I wouldn't do this, it seems the waitress waited until I had returned to the room (On the 7th floor and the other side of the hotel) and phoned the room insisting I had not signed the billl (Which I had) and that I must return to the bar to sign it. It was quite late and I protested but she insisted.  When I returned to the bar she was nowhere to be seen but the rest of the team smirking with delight told me it was a mistake and I had signed the bill.…",Date of stay: April 2014,3.0
2326,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2330-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Clean, polite but noisy even at rear","After a rather a stressful period my wonderful family clubbed together for me to stay at the hotel while l sttended an event at Olympia for two days.  I felt the staff were friendly but l did feel that everything on top of the rate was added on all too much.  For example l paid in excess of £12 to have the breakfast in my room which was split into two different charges one for the tray and one for... possibly bringing it up remained unclear. I had a room at the back as l was told the front was very noisy due the traffic noise. Unfortunately with my room being right next to some external large machinery, possibly air conditioning units the noise was overwhelmingly loud all through the night and l did find myself dozing off then waking for a long period of time and being restless.…",Date of stay: March 2014,4.0
2327,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2330-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Nice neighborhood.,"This hotel is located in a posh neighborhood - it is located in the Kensington area. Rooms are relatively bigger than the average european hotel rooms. The breakfast is impressive, they do serve a variety of goodies. Rooms are daily cleaned. Staffs are friendly and helpful. We had three dinners in this hotel and they do serve delicious meals, My only complain is there is no free wifi the the rooms. You have to go to the lobby for free wifi.",Date of stay: April 2014,4.0
2328,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2330-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,London. Big Hotel. Okay,"This was a reasonable stay in a big London hotel. The room I got was fine - a reasonable size and clean - but with a less then stunning view of the back of the hotel. The maid service was good and the room well 'freshened up' every day. The breakfast was also okay - but no better (or maybe even not as good?) than is offered by a Premier Inn these days. This is something that Hilton should look at perhaps. No offer of any 'extras' such as poached egg or porridge. And the endless wait at the toaster. Not really what you'd expect from a chain that would claim to be a luxury brand.  Overall, there is nothing much wrong with this hotel. A bit of a trek along to Kensington High St Tube Station - and an average breakfast experience, but clean and comfortable overall. If you can get…",Date of stay: April 2014,3.0
2329,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2330-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Flawless,"At this level, you get what you expect.  If you're cost-conscious, stay away from the minibar, and make sure you get wi-fi bundled in your stay.  Aircon makes the room feel cold-ish, probably best in summer.",Date of stay: April 2014,4.0
2330,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2335-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Not a Hilton standard,"Some of the reception staff are really nice. Some of the restaurant people are kind of guessing what they are doing there and have a inability to be nice. The room ceiling tiles were dirty, broken and misplaced. The floor and furniture were full of dust, you could actually see it. Amazingly the bed sheets were clean and it is a nice sleep. The water taps in the bathtub were unscrewed and rusty.",Date of stay: April 2014,3.0
2331,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2335-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Acceptable,"The hotel is within a reasonable walking distance to the High Street Kensington- which is more convenient than taking the over-ground. The hotel itself is fine, clean if in need of a few repairs- although there was a problem with the lift travelling to the seventh floor; I was also glad I didn't have a suitcase, as my room was down a flight of stairs. No real bother for me, but may be awkward for other guests.  The room was perfectly adequate, with all the usual Hilton mod-cons, although the dark brown walls made if feel smaller than it actually was, I think. The breakfast selection was ok, but the restaurant area is small- so hope it's not too busy when you choose to dine! I felt the staff were doing the bare minimum however, in terms of customer service- staff at other Hiltons…",Date of stay: April 2014,3.0
2332,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2335-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Tired but clean,"What can I say about the Hilton Olympia?  I have stayed here many times mainly on business.  It could be such a great Hotel BUT lacks many standards that the business, or indeed holiday traveler expects as standard.  For example wifi is ONLY free in the reception area - wi-fi should be free hotel wide!  This is the ever connected world - or should be.  The hotel bar is a great bar but last night was full of football fanatics, shouting and screaming without any regard for other non-footy loving guests.    In the room you have a stocked room bar and still water - however, the still water costs £3.95!  The rooms are spacious (Exec rooms anyway) but they are inconsistent in size, and layout.  This hotel still has single rooms which frankly no one expects any more.  The Hotel needs…",Date of stay: April 2014,3.0
2333,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2335-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Good food but unpleasant dining experience,"We used the restaurant for a business get together , the food was good but the restaurant was extremely unpleasant as it was full of kitchen smoke to a level that was probably unhealthy  Food was good but expensive for what it was  Wine list ok but again expensive  Suggest you phone before visit to see if respirator is necessary ",Date of stay: April 2014,3.0
2334,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2335-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Good Location,"Nice location. VERY small rooms, not a lot of closet space, though not unusual for London.  Hallways also have a step up and down , tough when pulling rolling luggage.  Room service is nice, though expensive.  When getting a car and driver back to the airport, had to walk quite a ways with all my luggage, since they are not allowed to drive/idle at the entrance.  Rooms are quiet, execept for doors, which allow lots of hallway noise to enter.",Date of stay: September 2013,5.0
2335,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2340-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Slowly roasted in a mediocre oven,"Rooms were pokey, dingey with very little natural light. Air conditioning keeps the temperature at a steady 120 degrees and 95% humidity regardless of setting. Desk staff show a staggering level of incompetence and are unable to figure out a group booking.   The only redeeming feature is the bar staff who know how to pour an overpriced drink. ",Date of stay: April 2014,2.0
2336,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2340-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,mr bond,Badly managed hotel stayed there for weekend  broken air conditioning complained to no avail offered free bottle of water from mini bar which i took from the mini bar .over 150 pounds a night to stay in ths palace no customer serviceat all dont seem to care .you get theidea joke,Date of stay: April 2014,1.0
2337,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2340-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Location close to Olymia Hall is perfect.,"Location is perfect if you need to go to the Olympia Hall. Easy and economic car service to Heathrow.   The rooms are really poor, old and in a general bad condition. Really poor queen size bed.  Found forgotten items from the previos guest, next to the TV. Breakfast was fine, like most Hiltons.",Date of stay: April 2014,3.0
2338,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2340-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,better than it looks,"despite uninspiring external look,interior is very comfortable. Location offers a less busy part of London, plenty around to see and do at a more relaxed pace. Hotel very good value for money compared to more central hotels. Staff and services very good",Date of stay: April 2014,4.0
2339,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2340-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,OK with an executive room and lounge access,the executive lounge was very pleasant. The room was adequate but street facing and a bit noisy. Reception was friendly and helpful. Good location on Kensington high street although a bit of a hike to the nearest tube station.,Date of stay: April 2014,4.0
2340,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2345-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,what out for the extras!,Rooms were small but clean and the staff were very friendly and helpful. £60 for the internet for the week and £150 to park my cark in their garage during my stay.  Its not somewhere i will be going back to.,Date of stay: February 2014,2.0
2341,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2345-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Trade Show Travel - Hilton London Olympia,"Great location for Olympia Trade shows, the venue is just around the corner!  Last stay I was very dissatisfied with the service I received (or rather didn't). After a long day I booked into my room, unpacked and washed ready to go out for an evening meal 45minutes later. I was unable to use the shower because a control know was missing. I called by reception on the way out and requested it was fixed or replaced by the time I got back so I could have a shower then and in the morning. Later when I came back in (00.28hrs) I noticed nothing had been done so I called down to reception asking why. A guy called marco explained that I had previously spoke to the Supervisor who had NOT logged the incident and had now gone off shift, therefore nothing was done. A LOT of money to pay for…",Date of stay: March 2014,4.0
2342,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2345-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,A Hike from Tube Stations,"We stayed at this hotel in December for 3 nights, and the hotel itself was pretty good. It is an older hotel, and room was rather dated in appearance but had all the needed amenities.  The attached restaurant was large and got lots of business at breakfast ad all day, and if you are a Hilton Club member they have a nice Honors lounge. There is also a great coffee shop in the basement. The only problem here is it is located on the outskirts of London, and the Tube station (Earl's Court) is a 15 minute walk if you hustle - we made the trip many times. The other station is High Street Kensington, a similar hike. I thought we could travel there from the Olympia station, but that is rail and not tube.There are buses that stop out front going into London, so next time we stay we will…",Date of stay: December 2013,3.0
2343,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2345-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Noisy!!,"Not a bad hotel overall, but not really up to a Hilton standard. The biggest annoyance was how loud the road beside the room. I was woken up both nights by passing ambulances in the middle of the night (I'm not a light sleeper by any means) and constant road noise. Earplugs did not solve the problem either! Not really acceptable for a Hilton.   The room and bathroom were quite small, although clean. Note that you have to pay for WiFi in your room (14.99 per day!), which is extortionately priced especially considering the room price tag...  The location was convenient, with benefits such as a gym and costa on site. However, I can't say I would stay again out of choice, mainly because I would want a restful nights sleep.",Date of stay: April 2014,3.0
2344,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2345-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Overight Business Stay,Stayed in this hotel on a number of occasions and would recommend but this time the check in service was vey poor; the outside noise was disturbing throughout the night and the internet connection was hit/miss in the hotel reception.,Date of stay: April 2014,3.0
2345,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2350-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Alternative to $$$ Hotels in Hyde Park,"Overall, not a bad property.  Staff were all professional and attentative to needs.  I would advise requesting room away from High Street Kensington/Warwick Road as the windows are thin.  Walking distance from High Street Kensington is more like 10 mins, however, there is ample bus service across the street from property.  Earl's Court Tube Station is approximately 12 minute walk as well.  Property is on the west end of High Street Kensington--not too far away from shopping/sights.  I would recommend at least lunch/dinner at Pizza Express--a short 5 minute walk down the street from hotel (heading west)....awesome thin crust pizza!",Date of stay: April 2014,4.0
2346,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2350-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Annoyingly mediocre,"The lobby and bar area were great, very smart and contemporary and the staff were very friendly and attentive. The rooms though were very dated, tatty, musty, noisy & depressing.  I saw 3 rooms in total - the first was fetid, the second was very noisy (from the road) - exacerbated by the windows not closing properly - the third was at the back (the noise from the extractor fans was preferable to the road noise at the front). One of my other colleagues independently had to do the same. I was also really surprised that the Hilton allows these standards - on top of it all there were charges for Wi-Fi - very backward in this day & age!  To make it worse - I did not even fit in the shower. I am only 6'2"" - I really had to stoop to fit under the ceiling (designed for people @ 5'10"") -…",Date of stay: March 2014,2.0
2347,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2350-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Not worthy of Hilton name,"I think this hotel was quite shabby and poor to be a Hilton hotel. The rooms smelled a bit funny and the beds were not that good. Also, they charged a lot more than you'd expect for internet and breakfast. The location was a bit off, because it always took a lot of time to get to the central lines and sights via tube or buses. The hotel was okay for one stay, but not staying there again.",Date of stay: March 2014,3.0
2348,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2350-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Pleasantly Surprised,"After reading some unfavorable reviews online, I was pretty nervous about staying at the Hilton Olympia. I was pleasantly surprised. The room was a good size and very clean, the service was excellent, and the location was good. The tube stops are a little far (approx. 10 min walk), but the 9 and 10 buses stop right outside the hotel. My only complaint is that wifi is not complimentary in the rooms and all of my attempts to purchase in the room failed. Not a huge deal - just logged on to the free wifi in the lobby. Great pub (The Hand and Flower) and Persian restaurant (Yas) about a block away.",Date of stay: March 2014,4.0
2349,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2350-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Excellent hotel on all counts,Excellent all round service. Great breakfast. Smiling friendly staff. Asked for room change and response was fast efficient and friendly with a follow up telephone call to ensure that we were happy. Highly recommend this Hotel.,Date of stay: March 2014,5.0
2350,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2355-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel but a little worn out.,"We had  3 Nights at the Hilton Olympia. The staff was very friendly and helpfull. The hotel needs a little Upgrade i think for a 4 star hotel it is a little bit tired. But our room was clean with a good size. It is a little bit long to walk to nearest underground station wich is Kesington high street it takes about 15 min to walk. But its Close to Royal albert hall and Hyde park. Also the area around the hotel has lots of resaurants and shopping.The breakfast was very Nice With a large selection off Foods. There are also busses going right outside. All in all it was a Nice stay, and the price was very affordable. Would stay here again.",Date of stay: March 2014,4.0
2351,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2355-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Ok for one night...,"Have just spent one night at the Hilton London Olympia on a hotwire last minute deal. The location of the hotel is ok but not so much if you plan on taking the tube to the hotel and you have luggage in tow. There is no convenient tube stop within walking distance if you are hauling a few suitcases. Kensington Olympia station does not have regular service, only on weekends and holidays.   The hotel itself is ok for a night but I would not wish to make this my base for exploring London. Kensington High Street is a short walk once you're settled in and there is a bus that runs from just outside the hotel. The rooms are very small, very dated, need lots of TLC and definitely not what you would expect from a Hilton. I would not be surprised if Hilton soon decides to offload the…",Date of stay: March 2014,3.0
2352,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2355-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Pretty good,On the whole was decent. I'm a gold honours member so we were upgraded to A suite which was great. Hotel not as good as other hiltons though. It is a bit tired. The rooms desperately need black out curtains. All other hiltons have them but I was awake early with the light coming through which spilt my relaxing lie in. The Service at breakfast wasn't great. We both asked for poached eggs which took 15mins and two lots of asking to come and they only brought one persons. Had to then wait another 10mins for the other. They were watery the plate was full of water which spoilt the rest of the bfast. They hadn't been drained properly of the water from the pan. Lacked things like an egg chef cooking omlettetes and things like smoked salmon that u usually find at other hiltons. Sounds…,Date of stay: March 2014,4.0
2353,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2355-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Starting to look tired again,"Having last stayed here in 2012 and having found it vastly improved from the previous stay, we had no hesitation in booking it for a 1 night stay while we went to a gig at Hammersmith and then the Ideal Home Show at Earls court as it's perfectly placed for both venues (10/15 mins by bus to Hammersmith and a 20 min walk to Earls Court).  Sadly in the last 18 months it seems to have become a little tired again. The staff were excellent as always and the initial appearance of the hotel was nice enough. But it's the bedrooms where it starts to get let down. The bed was by far one of the most uncomfortable I've experienced in ages, and the air con unit seemed to either pump out freezing cold air or red hot heat. The bathroom was small and cramped but did the job well enough, nice…",Date of stay: March 2014,3.0
2354,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2355-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Good location - but tired.,"Without doubt the best thing about this hotel is the location - very convenient for Olympia.  The communal areas are good, although a bit crowded due to the free wifi.  The breakfast was very good, well cooked and everything fresh. If you ask for a cappuccino, latte or similar they even go down to Costas below and get you one (no extra charge).   The 'Society bar' is quite good and for a London hotel the prices were reasonable - a haddock and chips and mushy peas was £12 as was a dish of 3 mini burgers and chips. Not a huge choice of hot food but enough to keep you happy on a short stay without breaking the bank.  Drink prices were about average for a London Hotel.  Service was a little slow at times and it was often quicker to order at the bar rather than wait for a friendly…",Date of stay: March 2014,4.0
2355,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2360-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Great Location, shame about the rest.....","This hotel is in a perfect location for an event at Olympia, unfortunately even this does not outweigh the negatives for the hotel. On first impressions the communal areas of the hotel are well maintained and the staff are welcoming and friendly, it's a shame that the rest of the hotel is dirty, grimy and grubby. We were in a room on the fourth floor, I cannot comment on other floors however this section of rooms are in dire need of a revamp. In our room in particular the door frames were cracked and split open, the paint peeled off the walls and the mattresses need replacing. In the bathroom sealant was hanging from the vanity unit, all the splash backs were watermarked, the grouting and bath bases were dirty and the towels were solid! The cleanliness left a lot to be desired,…",Date of stay: March 2014,2.0
2356,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2360-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,last time staying at the Hilton olympia,me and my partner booked in to this hotel for a long weekend.on viewing the web site for this hotel but to our amazement all is not what it seems.on arrival staff was helpful.we was given a room on the 6TH floor which was not a problem as lifts are in foyer.only to get to  the room and it was at the back of building looking down a shaft very dark and dingy and room was very small and dated.nothing like the pictures on web site.call down to reception and was told that someone would be up to give us a different room we waited 15 mins.but ended up going down to reception and sorting this out.we were told the hotel was very busy and only had 1 room left which was on the 5TH floor.which was not a problem for us.the room was nice and bright looking on the main road.the bathroom was…,Date of stay: March 2014,1.0
2357,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2360-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,For a Hilton very tired,If you are wanting a very modern Hilton hotel with everything on tap then this hotel is not for you.  It is very tired and needs renovation. Having said that we had 5 nights at the hotel and our room was fine.  We were on the 8th floor and it was probably the best floor.  The cleaners need a boot as things were always on the hallway floors for days at a time. We should have complained but our rooms were clean just the hallways were not. It is tire that it is not near a tube only a tube that runs occasionally.  Still there are buses outside the door to take you anywhere you want to go.  There is a coffee shop next door where the staff are brilliant.  To have wifi in your room it is around Aud$40 per day so you can imagine how crowded the foyers are with everyone trying to use…,Date of stay: March 2014,3.0
2358,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2360-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,not good for hilton,"I have stayed in quite a few Hiltons around the world and considering this one is in Kensington it certainly isn't very impressive. It does have a nice bar and restaurant but the executive rooms are more like standard double rooms, at least the one we had was. I have always been impressed with the lovely mattresses in Hiltons but this one was horrible, it sagged along the edge and was lumpy and uncomfortable. the room had very small windows so was quite dull as well. we were in room 312 at the front of the hotel and it is quite noisy with the traffic so wouldn't recommend it.",Date of stay: March 2014,3.0
2359,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2360-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Hotel needs renovation,"The hotel is run down.  The windows to the main street are not well isolated and thus the room is noisy.  The ceiling is that low that a 1,80m person touches the ceiling when taking a shower. Only positives: 2 minutes walking distance to Olympia.  Breakfast is OK.",Date of stay: March 2014,2.0
2360,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2365-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Amazing Stay,"I have no words to describe how delighted and pleased i was, to have stayed at this hotel.The service i have been given by the staff simply impeccable. Ms Outi from reservations impeccably helped me plan a surprise anniversary trip. She has assisted me in all my requests and responded promptly and politely to all my questions. Knowing i was not a VIP Customer i would not have expected such a treatment from a hotel. To start off with we have been given a free upgrade to a double deluxe room. Upon entering our hotel room, we found the bed decorated in red petals and swan shaped steamed towels, 2 large complimentary bottles of water, a complimentary bottle of wine, and a surprise muffin with fresh fruit + later on that day strawberries covered with chocolate + more complimentary…",Date of stay: March 2014,5.0
2361,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2365-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,hilton olympia,"the first room offered stank of urine and not from the bathroom.we were moved to a much better room. good location for royal albert hall and Olympia. nearest tube was quite far away but a good bus service to central London,The bus is also much cheaper.we were quite pleased after being moved to a new room",Date of stay: March 2014,3.0
2362,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2365-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Pleasant stay at hilton Olympia,"We arrived at 2pm and our room was ready.  We were upgraded to a double executive room on the eighth floor which overlooked the front of the hotel.  The room was large, modern and clean with complimentary water and a selection of magazines.  We had complimentary access to the executive lounge  which had tea, coffee, water and soft drinks,  fruit, biscuits and crisps.  The bed was rather hard and the bathroom while spotlessly clean, had a very low ceiling so beware if you are tall and wanting to use the shower.  We could hear a little road noise but it didn't interrupt our sleep.  The hotel is in a great location, close to bars, restaurants and shops.  We were attending earls court which was about a fifteen minute walk away.   All the staff at the hotel were very friendly and…",Date of stay: March 2014,4.0
2363,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2365-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,I don't see what all the complaints are about...,"I used Priceline to book a hotel for one night on a brief, weekend trip to London. I got the Hilton London Olympia through ""name your price"" and was apprehensive about my stay after reading the reviews online. But I was pleasantly surprised at my stay. The room was clean, the lobby inviting and the customer service excellent. The staff was gracious and attended well to my needs (leaving bags before and after check-out, arranging cabs etc.). For me, the biggest downside had nothing to do with the hotel itself but rather its geography- it's a bit of a hike (15 minutes or so) to the closest tube station. The Olympia station only runs on weekends and event days, so the best bet if you have luggage is taking the tube to one of a couple nearby stations and taking a cab. Overall, it's…",Date of stay: March 2014,4.0
2364,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2365-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Great hotel so close to Olympia,"Stayed last weekend to attend the Knit and Stitch Show.  Hotel could not have been closer to venue.  Upon arrival on Friday afternoon we were asked if we would like a complimentary upgrade which we did and, as our room was not quite ready we were given a voucher for a drink at the bar.  Communal areas of the hotel are lovely, fantastic breakfast, lots of staff who were all very helpful and friendly.  Room was very pleasant and very clean.  Lots of hot water in the shower and the bed and pillows were very comfortable.  A great hotel.",Date of stay: March 2014,5.0
2365,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2370-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Going to a show,"The Hotel is OK it is located in Olympia which is a cheaper location, it is a large complex and you must expected to queue for your breakfast, service at the bar is slow but check the measures when having draught beer",Date of stay: March 2014,3.0
2366,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2370-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Another great stay,"Stayed at Hilton Olympia on saturday 1st March we arrived before check in time 10am to leave our bags like we always do as we had a full on day planned before our visit to the theatre on that ssme evening. To our surprise our room was ready and we were quickly checked in to our upgraded executive room. Room was very spacious, spotlessly clean very nice. After our full on day we returned to change for our evening at the palace theatre to see the Commitments ( fabulous it's a must) when returning we decided to head to the bar for a late evening beverage and snack , staff were fabulous very helpful and pleasent. After sleeping in our kingsize bed we headed for breakfast all I can say is each time we stay here you cannot go wrong, pot of tea and coffee offered when you are seated.…",Date of stay: March 2014,5.0
2367,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2370-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Decent hotel for the price,I have stayed at this hotel a few times now and the location is convenient - 3 different tube stations within a 10-15min walk. The rooms are on the larger size for London hotels but overall a little tired. For the right price it is a decent option and the staff has always been friendly.,Date of stay: February 2014,3.0
2368,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2370-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Small room and very expensive,"The room was small and bed was NOT a king supreme we paid. Expensive hotel. Room key had to be changed twice. We had noise from the the road and people in the corridor.  Executive lounge was stuffy and staff didn't utter a word and let under aged kids drink and eat all of the small amount of food available. Also, you would think there would be some dress code on the lounge but there was a teenage girl wearing a t-shirt, nickers, long socks and trainers...Shocking!!!",Date of stay: March 2014,2.0
2369,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2370-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Move It weekend ,My daughter and I stayed here for two nights while she was performing at Move It. Great location and beautiful room on first floor. It was a little noisy but we were on Kensington High St side. It was bearable and did not impact on our sleep too much! Bathroom was clean we had fluffy bathrobes and free toiletries . It was a twin room with a sofa for relaxing. Staff were friendly and helpful and breakfast fantastic. We hope to stay again next year if the price isn't insane because of valentine day. Thank you for a great break. ,Date of stay: March 2014,5.0
2370,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2375-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Nice Little Hilton but VERY NOISY rooms,"First time I have stayed in the hotel, not likely to stay again.  Its right next to a very busy railway line, bang clatter, clatter, bang bang bang, clatter beee bahhhh bee bahh, for most of the night - if you like trains its the place for you.  If you want a good nights sleep, its not the place for you.  The staff,very nice, very able, facilities, a little weather beaten, but OK, rooms a reasonable size.  Exec lounge, very small, but nice and pleasant enough, but unlike most lounges, you are virtually kicked out by about nine o'clock in the evening, not really conducive when you are entertaining!!!  Its not a bad place,good value for money, good location, nice bars etc nearby.  Its a bit of a low end Hilton, but don't be put off, the staff are pretty good.  Could do with a bit…",Date of stay: March 2014,4.0
2371,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2375-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,wouldn't stay here again,"I was at this hotel for a week, and it wasn't bad enough to worry about finding another hotel, but I wouldn't stay there again.  The customer service was mediocre at best.  The internet wasn't included and cost 15 pounds for one night.  The rooms were average, but SO noisy if you were on the street side.  The shower was moldy and a combination of the bath tub being so high and the ceiling being so low that I (at 5' 7"") had to duck to get under the shower head.  After two nights of trying to make it work I asked to be moved.  They put me in a room that was much cleaner and very quiet, but had a great view of all of the ventilation and pipe work for the system outside my window.  Since it as clean and quiet that out ranked any view I may or may not have.    there was work being…",Date of stay: February 2014,3.0
2372,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2375-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,The worst hotel I have ever stayed in.,"As can be seen from the title above, rooms scruffy and decor outdated.  During my booking in process, I stated that they were not permitted to add any charges to my Debit card. The following day I was informed £90 had been frozen in my account. For some strange reason they charge you for extras you may incur? When questioned about this the staff said they had made a mistake. They managed to do this twice to two seperate people in our party. The staff were very rude about the questions we asked, and it took two days to unfreeze my funds. Two e-mails were sent to their head office and not replied to. I received an e-mail back from their US office which addressed me by my surname. All in all a shambles. I and my work colleagues will never cross their doorsteps again.",Date of stay: February 2014,1.0
2373,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2375-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Underwhelming,"Stayed 2 nights here and whilst price was ok for location (£135) via a corporate rate, the hotel does need some work. Why can't hotels like Hilton, which are global brands & cater for business, offer complimentary wifi? £14.99 for 24 hours is unnecessary in 2014! Most of us need wifi to check in online for email, connect to servers for latest numbers etc. we live in an age when internet access is readily available, so why the need to fleece the customer? But I digress...   The room definitely needs updating. A very noisy toilet when flushed, broken/ chipped tiles, damaged walls / wallpaper & a TV that struugled to pick up even free to air channels.   Must do better! Hilton has definitely fallen behind other brands such as Marriott in the standard of room. ",Date of stay: March 2014,3.0
2374,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2375-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,3 Great Nights,"I have just arrived home after spending my 70th Birthday  weekend in the Hilton Olympia, and I must say I was a bit worried after reading some of the reviews on trip advisor, before going,. but I sometimes wonder whether these people thrive on pulling places down, but if they would only spend a bit more than standard room accomodation, they would find a big difference.   We were in room 421,  a double Guest Room, and I must say it was spotless, massive king size bed, and the food at breakfast was great, more choices than you could  count, english or continental, and the evening meal we had was cooked to perfection.   In general we had a great time in a very nice friendly hotel, and well within reach of the underground station (1/4 Mile)  taking you to all the sights inside 45…",Date of stay: February 2014,4.0
2375,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2380-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,OK but needs to be better,This hotel needs a complete refurbishment and make sure you get what you ask for if you want a quiet room! Don't stay anywhere on the front and if possible get a high room at the back of the hotel. The rooms are pretty basic but the beds are good. The walls are a bit thin so prey that the next room doesn't have a TV on late at night. If so be prepared to battle with the reception to get someone up to ask them to turn it off.,Date of stay: February 2014,3.0
2376,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2380-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Nice breakfast, awkward location for central London","My partner and I stayed here for two nights over the weekend to watch a show in London. Very awkward location to get into central London which involved a bus ride and then numerous stops on the tube. The hotel itself is fairly standard but did the job. We managed to get a hefty discount for two nights through work so were satisfied with the room and hotel generally,  however I would certainly not pay the going rate independently.  I must say even though the hotel is nothing special, the complimentary breakfast is lovely. ..especially the sausages. The staff are also very accommodating.",Date of stay: March 2014,3.0
2377,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2380-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Faded glory?,"Stayed here two years ago.  Place looks 'tired', staff still good, friendly, helpful.  Costs reflect upmarket aspirations , but the standard room is no better than cheaper hotels in the are.  Breakfast costs are exorbitant.",Date of stay: February 2014,3.0
2378,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2380-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Awful Room!,"This hotel is ok, the breakfast was very good and the common areas; reception; bar; foyer etc are modernish and comfortable.  But our room was tiny. There was hardly enough room to walk between one end of the bed and the wall. It really was claustrophobic. And warm. The AC was poor but like us, all rooms had it on. We knew this by the noise when we opened our window to get air - there was a roar from the AC motors outside, so that was no good.   The bed was small and uncomfortable.  £3.95 for a still water in an already expensive room, well make your own mind up on that.  Housekeeping was dire for a 'reputible' hotel. It was late afternoon/evening before our room was made. We weren't sure if a maid had been as a mug of cold tea was left behind and the cup wasn't replaced. But it…",Date of stay: February 2014,2.0
2379,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2380-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Stay somewhere (anywhere!) else in London,"I stayed at the Hilton Olympia for a week for work.  If this was a hotel where I was paying £30/£40 a night, I would probably have given it 4 stars.  However, for the price you are paying for the rooms in this hotel, I would expect a much higher standard.    When we first arrived at the hotel, the receptionist was incredibly rude.  I cannot understand why a hotel brand such as the Hilton would hire someone with zero customer service skills?  Absolutely no smiles, very unwelcome attitude, like you were causing her a huge inconvenience by attempting to check in at the hotel.  She was also very unclear in explaining rooms and payment of the final bill.  Next, the rooms.  We had stayed in the hotel last year and the stay was fine, in a large twin room.  When we arrived at our rooms,…",Date of stay: February 2014,1.0
2380,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2385-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Excellent BUT only because my company paid for it...,"If I were to come to Olympia, London of my own accord I certainly would not consider the Olympia Hilton.  While the rooms are absolutely fine they charge at least twice what you can reasonably expect anywhere else in London!  The Bar was expensive, waiters were slow and spoke broken English. It was well presented however and a generally enjoyable atmosphere just to relax.  The Restaurant was again expensive, waiters were slow, food took FOREVER to arrive and again Broken English everywhere.  Please hire staff that know what a Stout is BEFORE bringing me Stella Artois...",Date of stay: February 2014,2.0
2381,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2385-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Resent paying extra for internet,"The price is reasonable for the location and quallty of standards. But I resented paying a hefty internet connection on top. Internet access should be part of the standard room facilities, like the bathroom facilities. We don't pay extra to use the bathroom, and we shouldn't have to pay extra to use the internet.",Date of stay: February 2014,3.0
2382,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2385-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Was perfect for our needs,Stayed for one night on 19th February as I was going to exhibition at Olympia - which it was well positioned for - a 2 minute stroll.  Staff friendly and helpful.  Day before arrival notice a drop in room rate on internet  and they matched it no problems at all.  Nice room very clean.  Breakfast next  morning was good and had everything I could think of on offer.  My only criticism would be  the coffee - it was low quality and stewed.  So strong I could not drink it and because of this it let the breakfast down.  No problems with storing bags whilst at exhibition.  Was perfect for our needs.,Date of stay: February 2014,5.0
2383,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2385-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Don't Stay Here,"The staff opens sealed envelopes and will read private items. They are rude and unhelpful. Hotel is old, outdated, and dingy and the internet is terrible. The concierge is less than helpful and several times my coworkers have had staff come into their rooms while sleeping, or while they are gone and they end up missing items.",Date of stay: July 2013,1.0
2384,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2385-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Avoid this hotel,"There is no need to pay extra for an upgraded room.  They will give you a standard room and put water bottles and cheap slippers into it.  Rooms seem to be badly insulated - hotel was quite noisy.  Banging with doors, shouting etc. from next rooms.  Room itself was OK.  Smallish (especially since we paid extra for an ""upgraded"" room) but clean.  Location of the hotel is inconvenient.  Nearest tube is quite far away, so to go into town you need to go by bus to the station and later change tubes.    Breakfast OK, but not better than average.    There were work being done in the corridor on our floor, so we had to push our way past builders when leaving or returning to our room.   WiFi is not included, and the fee for this is (I seem to recall) 15 GBP for 24 hours.  Very expensive…",Date of stay: November 2013,2.0
2385,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2390-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,cheaper than other London hiltons but hardly top of my list,"Arrival was frustrating as the website doesn't appear to say that the closest tube does not receive a week day service! So I walked 15 minutes with my bags. I arrived at a peak time for guests to check in but was kept waiting another 10 minutes as only one member of staff was on the desk. The rooms are so small you can hardly walk round the bed. You certainly can't wheel a case to the luggage rack. Lifting it over the bed is hardly ideal. The tv remote didn't work. I rang reception but after 20 unanswered rings went eight floors downstairs. Replacement batteries didn't work either and neither did the manual buttons on the tv set. The engineer promptly arrived to fix it so I only missed 10 minutes of football but why we can't have ""normal"" TVs instead of ones with menus etc is…",Date of stay: February 2014,3.0
2386,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2390-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Excellent,This hotel was lovely. Stayed valentines weekend with a group of friends and no complaints whatsoever! Staff very welcoming and rooms big and clean!! My best but was the breakfast!! Very fresh and readily available!!! The juice never ran out and was constantly being refilled!! Location is fantastic right next to olympia Kensington underground and a 10 min walk to Westfield shepherds bush!! Wouldn't hesitate in staying again!!!,Date of stay: February 2014,5.0
2387,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2390-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,I though Hilton was a premium brand?,"I've just spent two nights in the Hilton Olympia while working near by, and it's fair to say i would not stop here again by any means.   I've stayed in a number of Hilton Hotels before, and was always pleased with them, but i'm surprises Hilton would put their name to this place.   Parking - apart from being extortionate, the guy the guy who takes the money and dishes out tickets was dressed in below casual attire. Not what you'd expect from someone representing the Hilton brand.  Check in - Slow  Bedroom. - I had a room on the first floor (142).  The room was pretty small, dark and in my mind, dated.  The heating made a constant monotonous drone.  This was only drowned out by the noise of passing traffic and sirens.  I know the hotel is on a a main road, but I'm surprised that…",Date of stay: February 2014,2.0
2388,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2390-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Came from Australia,"My mum and I stayed in this hotel as part of a Trafalgar tour, we came over from Australia. This was our first overseas trip. Our room was clean, but very dated. Also, the fact that the fridge in the room is always locked and even when unlocked only has room for mini bar supplies is a bit silly. Spent a lot of money on water as it was always going warm because we couldn't keep it in the fridge. Our air conditioning wasn't working properly on our first night and we called reception to ask about it. We were told someone would be up within 5 minutes. We waited for half an hour and then had to leave for dinner. As we went past reception we told them we were leaving and found out the girl on reception hadn't even passed on the message.  That being said - Fran the concierge was…",Date of stay: October 2013,3.0
2389,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2390-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Old like the Big Ben ,"I have been there for one night The hotel is old , the floors are weird and complex ( stairs)  The pros The room equipped with mini bar, nice bath , clean , tv , and nice view from the 7th floor. The breakfast was good  And the crow was nice Near to the Westfield mall Very good coffee, and very good concierge service  The cons No free wifi, you can get 60 minutes only arround the lobby  No electric socket near the bad Far from the city   ",Date of stay: February 2014,3.0
2390,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2395-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Hilton,"I was located in room 246,the room was very clean & cosy but too hot & couldnt get the ventelation system to cool it down & when you open the window there is no breeze as it is surrounded by other rooms & also very noisy when you  open the window as big fan maybe from the kitchen.I was looking forward to going to bed early to get a good nights sleep which didnt happen as room was so hot & the noise outside when you open the window.",Date of stay: February 2014,4.0
2391,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2395-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Stay away from main street rooms,"i have spent 2 nights in that hotel. My room was at the end of the corridor, it was spacious, nice, clean, with enough water pressure for shower. Breakfast is great, you can have many options, healthy food as well. Staff is friendly, helpful, checkin and checkout was quick. Location is great.  Windows are thin, all noise comes in. My room was overlooking to a side street, still noise from main street was very disturbing.  I would expect more from a Hilton, the whole hotel seemed to be crying for refurbishment: corridors, windows, outside look.",Date of stay: January 2014,3.0
2392,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2395-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Business Trip,"I stayed at the Hilton Olympia for a few days as I was at an event in the nearby olympia arena. While the location of the hotel was great I was a bit disappointed in the size of the room I was allocated with my colleague. 'Matchbox' springs to mind. The heat controls also did not work which meant the room was like a sauna one minute and an igloo the next. The shower, while powerful, once switched on soaked the entire bathroom and was a power shower to the point of painful on the skin. The hotel bar, while pleasant to look at with a variety of drinks available and food menu, was freezing making it extrememly unpleasant to spend the evening in.  Lack of complimentary WIFI was also a downside of this stay.",Date of stay: February 2014,3.0
2393,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2395-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Not a pleasant stay,"We were here for business at the Olympia convention center and this hotel is extremely convenient, however, it was very unpleasant.  Firstly, although the lobby had been recently renovated, the rest of the hotel looked more like a dorm. The room we had was FREEZING cold to the point where I was shivering. The bathroom had no where to put your toiletries and the toilet didn't have enough power to flush 3 sheets of toilet paper.  The big turn off for me was the inability to perform work due to the internet. Not only did you have to login every time, the download speed was below 1 MBPS. If you moved your computer to the bed from the desk, it didn't work at all.  At $500 USD a night, it was a shocker!",Date of stay: February 2014,2.0
2394,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2395-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Bland For the brand,"I checked out early as I could not bring myself to stay another night it was that bad.   The one saving feature was the staff: they were very attentive and courteous.   The room I had was an inside room on the 6th floor,  the view was of another room 15ft opposite across what was a shaft for the hotels ventilation system.   As I like fresh air I open my rooms window however in this room there was no point as the only air from outside available was stale air from the bottom of the shaft.  Also the noise was unbearable as the generator buzzed throughout the night.  The bar was extortionate £17 for two glasses of wine. .. But the service was good.   The conference rooms were dated and most lacked modern technology and decent refreshments.   In this day there is no excuse for…",Date of stay: February 2014,2.0
2395,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2400-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,good hotel in central london,"this hotel is in very good condition, very conveniently located and well run.  The room was clean and quiet, breakfast is nice.  My only complaint is the wireless internet -- it is expensive and requires logging in every time a connected device goes to sleep - a very clunky step.  would much prefer a more open (and free) wifi experience in a hotel of this calibre.",Date of stay: January 2014,5.0
2396,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2400-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Not great - showers for midgets! ,"Stayed here for one night for business. The room was spacious and nicely decorated however was freezing cold, I had to sleep in a hotel dressing gown to keep warm, even with the heat turned on. The fact you could see daylight through the duvet may have had something to do with that. Oh and the fact the window wouldn't shut properly so there was a draught! Plus it meant I was woken up by traffic noise very early. It would have been better if there had been plug sockets by the bed too rather than on the other side of the room.  The bathroom was a great size and modern, however when I got in the shower I was pretty annoyed at having to crouch quite deeply to be able to fit. I may be 6'2"" but clearly won't have been the tallest guest they've ever had. The act of showering and…",Date of stay: February 2014,3.0
2397,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2400-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Not upto hilton standard and POOR aftercare!!,I booked this hotel for my birthday. Location is good. Rooms were ok but not worth the price we paid for the hotel and not upto hilton standard. I left something valuable to me in the room. I called back the day i checked out. It took ages to get through as my call was transferred through numerous departments. They said they would send me an email before they could post it out yet never sent the email in 2 days. When calling the hotel back regarding the situation 2 days later again took ages to be transferred to different departments and everyone i spoke to did not know what was happening and couldn't give me an update on the situation!! When booking the hotel it is always quick and efficient but after your stay management is awful!,Date of stay: February 2014,2.0
2398,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2400-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,ideal location,"Stayed for one night .rooms ok size with lots of lighting ,good wardrobe ,TV hairdryer tea coffee mini bar safe everything you would need .nice clean bathroom .bar was lovely with snacks on table .didn't eat here so can't comment . Reception was quick and efficient . Lovely location right in front of Olympia ,train station and Kensington high st .",Date of stay: February 2014,4.0
2399,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2400-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Very shabby,"Stayed for business trip because it is a very good location for Olympia conference centre.  The hotel is overpriced, even for London, and very shabby.  The room was cold, uncosy, very tatty and I didn't like to take my shoes off in the room because the carpets looked very old.  The staff were friendly, but got things wrong all the time. Breakfast is discounted if you order it when you check-in.  I asked for this, but didn't get it so had to pay £17.95 and it was not up to the quality you would expect when paying this price.",Date of stay: January 2014,2.0
2400,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2405-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Expected more from Hilton,"The good points- staff were lovely, the lobby is very smart and welcoming.   The bad points - the rooms are very average, I'd rate the rooms in a Premier Inn as higher standard. The room was also very cold, we turned off the air conditioning as soon as we entered but it didn't help. The air con was put back on by the staff the next day so another night in a freezing room. The location isn't fabulous, it's close to an underground station but that is only open at weekends. The nearest station is a good walk from the hotel. On our first morning we tried to make a coffee using the facilities in the room and found the milk was lumpy and solid. Not nice at all.  Then finally a charge was added to our room for telephone usage, we hadn't used the phone once, only received a call to…",Date of stay: February 2014,3.0
2401,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2405-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Great for centre of London.,"Very lucky to have stayed here, and been upgraded by my very kind boss. Staff where great. Room was a good size for London. Executive lounge was really plush. Gym was very small, 3 or 4 people in max, but the equipment is good, something for everyone. Sink would not drain but the cleaning lady fixed that. Breakfast's great. Stayed in room 702, would have waltzed 5 stars, but for my first night got very little sleep with the noise from the traffic outside. Ear plugs fixed that for the rest of my stay. Handy having a Costa on site and a 2 minute walk to Earls court. Very kind boss covered the bill, which was not cheap, but its the Hilton! Workmate parked in the car park, the big guy that looks after things down there is a legend, what a nice guy! Morrisons is just to the left…",Date of stay: January 2014,4.0
2402,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2405-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Very average hotel,"Stayed here for two nights on business while attending an exhibition at Olympia and I think it's safe to say that if it wasn't for the location of this hotel no-one would come here twice. Rooms are dated, dirty and overall very average. The staff try to do their best and are always there with a smile be it at the reception desk, business centre or bar/restaurant, but there seems to be a lack of anyone actually really knowing what they're doing. Also as people have mentioned here that paying for in-room wi-fi is a joke.  I was unfortunate enough to have a broken air-con unit in my room - well I assume it was broken but maybe this is the same across all rooms. It was so loud that it woke me up throughout the night and it could not be turned off at the controller on the wall. I had…",Date of stay: January 2014,2.0
2403,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2405-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,London visit,"Great Hotel, great breakfast, great rooms, really friendly staff - Highly recommended Very nice Hotel and really convenient location. Tube is right around the corner and bus stop to London city center is right across the street. Staff is really helpful and very friendly.",Date of stay: January 2014,5.0
2404,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2405-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Friendly, welcoming and efficient staff","Stayed for 2 nights on business, although the rooms are a little dated compared with some hotels, the overall experience was great. The rooms are clean, spacious and well equipped. Didn't like the wifi charges in the rooms though, seems a little excessive and a fairly basic requirement of business users these days. The bar is great, the breakfast good, but it's the service that I found to be really helpful, polite and welcoming across all staff I came into contact with and for me that means more, so thank you. ",Date of stay: January 2014,4.0
2405,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2410-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,1 Night Stay for Business,"Pleasant hotel with quality furnishings. There was a problem with the phone in the room which was sorted quite promptly, but given I had to go all the way downstairs to order my food and it was very late and I explained that I was tired, I would have expected them to know off the tray charge - which they didn't. Also, the food was tepid and not great quality.",Date of stay: January 2014,3.0
2406,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2410-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Great stay at London Olympia,Very pleasant atmosphere and immediate service. Great to be upgraded - a wow experience. Was called in my room to check everything was satisfactory and have to say it exceeded all expectations. Express checkout was fab and just what I needed.,Date of stay: January 2014,5.0
2407,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2410-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Staggeringly expensive for 2/3 star hotel,"My husband and I stayed here for my birthday on 22nd Jan, and paid for an upgrade which included breakfast.  One night cost £238.00, and I was absolutely staggered when my husband told me how much he had paid.  As others have said the hotel feels old fashioned and tatty, although it is clean.  Rooms are bare and basic, no pictures on the walls, no writing paper, nothing of luxury and nothing special.  More like a Travelodge in terms of amenities but 5 times more expensive.  Our window did not close properly, the noise of the trains and traffic was intrusive, and the bed was ok, but nothing luxurious.  As others have said, not even a free bottle of water.  Having since looked at other hotels in the vicinity of Kensington, and what is provided for the cost, we feel ripped off.  We…",Date of stay: January 2014,2.0
2408,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2410-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Good location but average rooms,As above.   Pros:   Great for conferences at Olympia or shopping on high street Kensington.  Breakfast buffet was nice  Parking underneath hotel  Easy to reach by road without driving into congestion zone  Lots nearby food wise   Cons:  Room 850 I was in had a collapsed mattress on one side so was VERY uncomfortable  Basic rooms for hilton standard  Parking 35 Gbp per 24 hrs  Gym equipment good but limited and space is pokey  Air conditioner blowing out fluff (room 850)  Moral of the story: check out the mattress before you get into bed and can't be bothered to complain as it's too late to move rooms  2.8/5  ,Date of stay: January 2014,3.0
2409,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2410-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Great place to stay right next to the Olympia,I've stayed at this hotel on a few occasions now when we have been running shows at the Olympia and the staff are always helpful and the rooms are a really good size for London.  The hotel has a really good bar and we have spent many a night enjoying ourselves in there.  Breakfast is the usual buffet style but the food is really good.  Basically if you are going to the Olympia and need a hotel near by then don't look anywhere else.,Date of stay: February 2013,5.0
2410,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2415-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Hilton is fading away...,"I can't believe this hotel is a Hilton...seriously: just enough space for 2 days clothes...1 drawer and,..nothing more. If you're going to stay for a week, in business, and need to use suits, book another room just for this... Minibar exists, but is exactly a mini bar: drinks inside drawers...not a simke fridge with drinks from the hotel and space for you to keep some itens. Decor from the 50's...must have been a hit them but needs, desperatly, for a renewal. Clean bathroom. Wi fi in the rooms for more than 14£ a day...and no signal - fortunately the staff, very young, cordial and polite, did not charge credited me back for it. It is, in a couple of months, the 2nd Hilton I stay in London and also the same situation! Fitness room ok, but too small... Not worth the money. Hope…",Date of stay: January 2014,2.0
2411,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2415-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Very disappointing stay,"I have just returned home from a very expensive and disappointing stay in the HILTON Olympia, London.  The entrance and restaurant are good but the rooms are old, badly in need of renovation and they are noisy.  Very expensive room rates for a very poor experience.",Date of stay: January 2014,2.0
2412,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2415-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Average hotel, Great staff",I stayed at this hotel for two nights to attend one exhibition at the nearby Olympia exhibition venue. It was very convenient as it was just a 5 minutes walk for me everyday. Rooms and decor was average but the hotel staff was very very helpful.,Date of stay: October 2013,4.0
2413,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2415-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Generally good but needs some TLC,This was my first visit to this hotel and as a Hilton Honors member I have stayed in several Hilton hotels over the last few years. This hotel is in need of some refurbishment but the staff were helpful and the room clean and I have no real complaints. Hotel is a good 15 minute walk from nearest underground which is a bit of a pain. Overall satisfactory.,Date of stay: January 2014,4.0
2414,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2415-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Not a Hilton,"Cannot believe this place is associated with the Hilton brand, more suited to a £30 per night Travelodge. Dated rooms, poor facilities and a shower you can't stand up in if you are over 5 ft 10. The TV was broken and staff knew about it but still put us in that room, then offered to move us at midnight on the 2nd night once they realised what the problem was.",Date of stay: January 2014,2.0
2415,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2420-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Weekend away,"You must try this hotel, wonderful service good value for money, breakfast was included and was a very good standard. Area very safe, lots of restuarants and museums to visit Kensington palace is a must see thing to do. The tube was only a short stroll away.",Date of stay: January 2014,5.0
2416,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2420-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Length, time & rain","Very few words just  to say the Hotel is all right in accordance with the Brand's standards. The point is that it is placed in a position where to get to very Central London is uncomfortable because the nearest tube station is 3 bus stops away(High St.Kensington) and cabs,in this very point,either they are going outside London or they are going to Central London,unless you call it through the reception(but it is dearer) it takes some time to have one available and under showers, wasting time is double a pain. I managed to take buses instead, Bus stop is at Hotel's doors",Date of stay: December 2013,3.0
2417,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2420-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Out on a limb,I have stayed here on a couple of occasions on business. It's a fairly non descript hotel located at one end of kensington high street.  The rooms have varied from reasonably adequate to cramped. Good public areas and an above average bar. The hotel is a bit of a trek to the nearest tube as Olympia which is nearby has limited operating hours.  It's fine but doesn't really live up to the Hilton standard.  Some shops and restaurants nearby.,Date of stay: December 2013,3.0
2418,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2420-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,would recommend this hotel,"Hotel staff were friendly and efficient, we arrived early but still managed to check into our room. There were plenty of restaurants, shops and facilities near to the hotel. The hotel was close to bus stops and tube station. Olympia was literally next door so the hotel is ideal for anyone attending events there.",Date of stay: January 2014,4.0
2419,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2420-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Third Time Lucky?,"This was my third visit to The Hilton Olympia.  I didn't review it before, the reason being initially I was very disappointed with my stay and genuinely didn't want to leave a bad review. I appreciate I do often leave bad reviews, but this one would have been dire. I just couldn't do it.  On my second work related visit I was upgraded as an apology for the problems I had encountered on my first stay, so again it would not be correct for me to review after that. So this, my third stay at The Hilton, is the one I am reviewing. Clean slate.   I booked to stay in-between Christmas and New Year for one night, which  meant that the hotel wasn't booked solid with Expo people and was fairly quiet.  When I checked in I requested a comfortable bed, as on my previous stays (yes, I know I…",Date of stay: December 2013,3.0
2420,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2425-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Extraordinary staff,Pluses here are the staff which bends over backward to accommodate requests. Minuses are no free wifi in rooms and problem with our vents which threw out wads of dust when AC was used. We were there with large group of 90 so the demands on them were huge and they did meet the call. ,Date of stay: January 2014,4.0
2421,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2425-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,New Year,"A wonderful hotel close to Tube stations and all the amenities of South Kensington High Street.  Hotel staff were really helpful at providing directions to the Tube Stations.  Didn't really use the facilities as only staying New Years Eve but rooms were very clean, beds were excellent and great toiletries provided.  Would highly recommend and will definitely return.",Date of stay: January 2014,5.0
2422,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2425-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Great service in the executive lounge,"A large hotel that was full during our stay, but was nonetheless very comfortable. We found the location to be convenient for trips into London and for a match at Twickenham.   Breakfast was served in the very large dining room that was packed both mornings. Despite the numbers the service was good. We dined there on the 2nd evening with our son. The good thing about this was that although he wasn't staying, he was allowed into the executive room for a drink with us before the meal. I'm a diamond member, so I'm sure this is not generally company practice, but it's the sort of gesture that helps generate a lot more business than the price of a couple of beers and a few snacks. I work in the transport business and will have no hesitation in recommending this hotel. I would also…",Date of stay: December 2013,4.0
2423,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2425-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Jaded and riding on a name!,"A close pal of mine managed to get a very good discounted rate for this place, so I was grateful in this regard.  The hotel is well located at the western end of Kensington High Street, close to Kensington Olympia Overground. It's probably a good 10 minute walk to the Kensington High Street Underground.  I'm guessing the building probably dates from the early 1970's, and despite some upgrading internally the place still belies its origins.   Our room was clean and relatively spacious. However, the décor was very 1980's traditional and not really cutting edge. The bathroom whilst clean looked dated and vaguely shabby. The toilet seat in our room had also worked completely loose from the WC.  I found it hard to believe that the bottled water in the room was actually chargeable,…",Date of stay: October 2013,3.0
2424,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2425-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Nice trip to London,"I was at Hilton Olympia December 26-30 2013; our stay was very comfortable. The relation Quality/ Price very good. I recommend it. The hotel is not properly in the center but it is linked very well to the main sites of London, by bus ( 50 metros by the Hotel) and by the underground. There also restaurants and useful shops close to it",Date of stay: December 2013,4.0
2425,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2430-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Nice, But a Bit Out of the Way","I stayed for 3 nights in early December.  The property is nice with the rooms looking like they have been recently refurbished.  The lobby is large with plenty of seating, which is a good thing as many guests use it for the free wifi.  Staff were friendly and efficient.  There seem to be two wings of differing age judging from the exterior, and there were some stairs in the halls which suggested this as well (if you're mobility impaired make sure to clarify where your room is).    The real drawback to the hotel is location.  Unless you're visitng Kensington Olympia or have business at the exhibit hall it is out of the way.  There's no nearby tube station, so you must take a bus (usually the No. 9 to High Street Kensington Station). Note taking the No 9 all the way into central…",Date of stay: December 2013,4.0
2426,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2430-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Lousy,We got very little sleep due to room (5th floor) being adjacent to some kind of extraction flue/ vents. Room really not fit for purpose as a place of rest ( unless you are hard of hearing...) Basin in bathroom cracked - hotel long overdue a refurb. Stay somewherelse if you can,Date of stay: December 2013,1.0
2427,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2430-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Convenient to Olympia,Stayed for 3 nights in Dec. Had to change rooms upon check-in as first room was on 1st floor overlooking kitchen exit and rubbish bins and smoking area for staff. Rebecca was helpful in changing rooms. Second room was bigger but overlooking same area only from the other side and higher up. Hotel needs an upgrade especially for the price one has to pay for a room. Concierge and rest of the staff very attentive.,Date of stay: December 2013,3.0
2428,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2430-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel.,"We stayed for 2 nights in December. The rooms are well appointed, clean and comfortable. The service from all of the staff was friendly and efficient. There is a costa coffee attached to the hotel which is great if you don't want to pay £12.00 for breakfast in the restaurant.  The only negative with this hotel is the location if you want to visit Central London. The closest underground station is Kensington Olympia which only has a limited service on weekends and bank holidays. There are bus stops outside the hotel which allow you to get to Kensington high street station but it's not as convenient as getting straight on the tube.",Date of stay: December 2013,4.0
2429,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2430-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Afternoon tea disaster!,"We booked ahead for afternoon tea prior to attending an event at Olympia. We arrived on time and our table was set, orders were taken and tea brought to the table and we were told the food would be ready in 15mins, so far so good! The tea was cold and had to be replaced, milk for the tea never arrived despite asking politely. After 3 requests of where the food was and 45mins waiting we were approached and told they were very sorry and could we wait just 10 more mins! We could wait no longer, again they apologised and said of course we will not charge for the drinks..........All of this might be understandable had we not pre booked and had the bar been busy. We left very disappointed and hungry and just had time to pick up a sandwich before our performance began, not the pleasant…",Date of stay: December 2013,1.0
2430,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2435-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Great hotel in great location,"Not the Hilton of grandeur that I was expecting but this hotel is in a good location near the no 9 bus to Kensington, Albert Hall, Harrods, Horseguards Parade and the Art galleries. You will need good walking shoes. There are some good restaurants nearby. It was a little longer to walk to the tube than I had hoped. The rooms were big for London (you could easily swing a cat, so the saying goes) and had lots of extras. I was disappointed not to be able to put some milk in the bar fridge as it's automated. Great tea and fantastic soaps. Gowns and slippers provided. The beds were comfy, the room clean and well presented and quiet, no noise from next door only from the airline staff departing along the corridor. There is a great coffee shop next door. The staff were lovely. I would…",Date of stay: September 2013,4.0
2431,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2435-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,very convenient location,"Friendly staff in a very convenient location,  especially if you are going to something at Olympia.   We're Hilton Gold and got an upgrade at check in (Friday night) to a suite which meant access to the lounge which was lovely.   The receptionist couldn't help enough and also upgraded our friends who were arriving later so they could go in the lounge too.   I do agree with the rest of the reviewers that it is a bit dated but it's clean and they were decorating when we were there so they are obviously doing something about it.   The lounge was modern,  quite big and not overly full.   Beer,  wine and champagne were serve yourself and there were an assortment of snacks.  Bacon / sausage / eggs for breakfast too.      Would happily stay again.",Date of stay: November 2013,5.0
2432,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2435-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,very convenient location,"stayed here for 2 days just a couple of weeks ago on the 4th floor, double room with an extra bed brought in for the children. had a bit of a problem checking in but it was resolved promptly. Felt the hotel was a bit dated but very well kept and clean. I agree with the other observations re: mini bar, just removing the water bottle or can of crisps will automatically be billed to your room. No free wi-fi unless you're a member of their club (free wi-fi at the lobby but quite inconvenient. Stayed at a small hotel previously, just around the corner of this property and enjoyed free wifi during my stay anywhere in the hotel. Breakfast selection was generous and the staff were very helpful. would recommend for its very accessible location but there are other hotels quite close that…",Date of stay: December 2013,3.0
2433,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2435-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Very happy with the executive room,"Stayed in an executive room, was lovely and big. Sofa and a dining table too. My partner and I decided to have a day in the hotel and just to relax so we had dinner in the society restaurant in the hotel. The service was amazing and the food was delicious. There was a waiter who was really friendly, worked on the saturday evening.. He is an asset to the hotel made us feel really welcomed and really looked after us. We had a voucher which was for 2 courses and a drink for £20 was such a good deal all the staff were polite but I would like to say the waiter was extremely helpful. We had breakfast which was very nice had so much to eat that morning and was ready to start the day.. All in all very happy and the room was very clean. Thank you for a great room.  ",Date of stay: November 2013,4.0
2434,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2435-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,friendly staff but hotel needs improvement,"the overall design was impressive, looks new n modern. However room was cold n had to ask for extra radiator.  wind was coming thru the window which was shut. You hv to pay even water cost abt 4 pound, no free water given in the room.  no internet in room n even lobby - down most of the time.",Date of stay: December 2013,3.0
2435,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2440-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Great option in Central London - but only at a good price,"A Hilton at the price of other 2 star hotels in Central London is great   Positives  The rooms are decently sized for Central London and I was happy with that - We had a double room 251 on the second floor. Spacious with a nice desk and large bathroom.  Loved the toiletries. The location was close to a lot of restaurants and Tesco, so that should give you plenty options to eat.Shopping at High Street Kensington is great too. The hotel helped us with an early check in after first trying to sell us an upgrade.  Negatives  The location although close to Olympia (closed on weekdays) is a bus ride away from high street Kensington station. Most hotels in London are near a functioning tube. The breakfast was a let down - the GBP 16 for it is just not worth it with so many other options…",Date of stay: December 2013,4.0
2436,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2440-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,I will not stay at this property ever again,"Nor would I recommend it to any of my business colleagues.  I have already informed our corporate travel agent of my issues and they have removed it from our list of properties.  My company regularly send US based staff to work out of our London office. However, most of the properties near that location are incredibly expensive.  Therefore, I was told by our CEO to explore different options for future staff and unfortunately the Hilton Olympia failed, miserably.",Date of stay: December 2013,1.0
2437,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2440-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Just a ""nice"" hotel","My wife and I stayed at this hotel during a large conference for work on 2 separate occasions.  The first night we were there, we were put in a very small room on the 8th floor.  The room was literally not big enough for the 2 of us and our luggage.  Check in was pleasant and quick considering the size of our group.  The elevators are very small and we had a rough time trying to get us and our 2 bags into it with any room for anyone else.  We had a double bed and not much else.  The mini bar is quite expensive and the trays are pressure sensitive, so when we looked at the price on the water, it automatically added it to our room bill.  There was no warning on the wall or the tray.    The 2nd visit was better.  Once again, the check in was pleasant and quick.  This time the room…",Date of stay: December 2013,3.0
2438,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2440-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Brilliant hotel,"Cannot fault this hotel at all, very helpful and professional staff.  Rooms were very high, clean, standard.  No noise from other rooms.  Breakfast was excellent. Would definitely stay here again.  The tube stations were not too close, but the bus stopped very near, and hotel ordered taxis with a flat rate for us.",Date of stay: November 2013,5.0
2439,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2440-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,OK for one night at discount rate,This is a rather tired looking hotel but very clean and efficient. Stayed here for an overnight break because of a discounted deal (which is the only way I would book again in future). You are well out of the way of the Capital's hotspots but if you want cheap and cheerful this Hilton will suit.,Date of stay: December 2013,3.0
2440,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2445-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,olympia,the bar is expensive 3.50 for a coke and had trouble telling the bar staff wanted cider as I got lager did not understand English but the hotel was very good and very clean the maid was very pleasant and also the people at the desk will stay again at the Hilton group,Date of stay: December 2013,4.0
2441,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2445-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Worst Hilton Ever,"What can I say about this hotel, check in took 15 minutes while the girl behind the desk tried to work out three rooms that had been booked.  The lifts were a joke in the end we walked up, and, when we left down, 7 storeys having waited over 12 minutes!  The bar staff were excellent.  The internet didn't work.  The breakfast was a complete farce.  Caution hot plates notice, no, the plates were stone cold as was the food.  Eggs undercooked.  Waited over half an hour for coffee and tea.  Our colleagues who booked as individuals in were told they would be sharing a room when we had previously gone through the nightmare of trying to sort our the rooms as pre-booked.  In the end one suite and one double ,  this was fine but another 15 minutes wasted. When we complained we were told…",Date of stay: December 2013,1.0
2442,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2445-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Rooms a bit tired looking,"No offer of help with our bags on entry, although this was offered once we'd checked in.  The reception & bar areas are modern & clean, with the great service we've come to expect from Hilton Hotels.  As we're members of the Hilton Honours club we were offered an upgrade to an Executive room for a very reasonable price.  Several lifts meant very little wait.  The corridor to our room looked rather tired, as did our room, also the room felt rather small compared to other Hilton deluxe rooms we'd had in the past.  We required an extra bed for our son, and the gentleman who brought it to our room said he'd never had to fit one into an exec room before, it was rather a squeeze, and should've perhaps been taken into appreciation before the upgrade was offered!  The porter smiled and…",Date of stay: November 2013,4.0
2443,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2445-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Hotel,Good hotel in ideal location. Room was very clean and comfortable.  The bar area was inviting.  Friendly and helpful staff.  Only issue we had during our one night stay was that breakfast was disappointing.  Many of the hot items were warm-cool.  A real shame when you're looking forward to a hot English breakfast.  Otherwise a good hotel.,Date of stay: December 2013,3.0
2444,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2445-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,London theatre break,"The short break of 4 days was for the purpose of combining a theatre trip and shopping. Both were very successful, made better by the London Hilton Olympia experience. The hotel was well place just outside the hustle & bustle of the centre, but within easy reach of everywhere we wanted to go either by bus or tube. the staff were pleasant and helpful, the breakfasts were plentiful and delicious & the on site parking though expensive proved to be a bonus.",Date of stay: November 2013,4.0
2445,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2450-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Hotel OK, but location inconvenient.","Hotel was OK, but not more than you expect for this price.  Don't throw your money away on a deluxe room.  They'll give you one of their smallest rooms and put slippers and bathrobe into them.  Rooms clean and modern, but expect to hear noise from next door rooms.  They charge 15 GBP for 24 hours wireless internet(!)  Breakfast very good.  Location is inconvenient.  If going into central London you need to take a bus to the tube station, and change tubes too.",Date of stay: November 2013,3.0
2446,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2450-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,better then last year,"I have stayed in this hotel previous year and tried again.I noticed that they have improved their service and accomodation facilities.Room we have stayed is better,renovated,clea and suspicious.Location is nice close to bus stop and metro station (high street kensigton).",Date of stay: November 2013,4.0
2447,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2450-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Noisy and kept me awake, meed netter Windows",Pro's: The lobby is god and approachable. The restaurant had à good feel to it Roooom upgraded.  Coms: Very noisy and kept geting up. The hotel should jave double glazed And sound prof Windows And fittings. Would not recomend it to anyone Who wants à good nights sleep.  Was at the 4th floor,Date of stay: December 2013,3.0
2448,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2450-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,FANTASTIC!!!!,"Our second time at the Hilton Olympia, it is amazing. The staff are so genuine, friendly & helpful. The hotel is so clean and has everything you could need. The bed is the most comfortable I have ever slept in. We were lucky enough to be upgraded to a deluxe room this time and it was fantastic. Whenever I go to London I will always use this hotel from now on after trying many substandard ones. HIGHLY RECOMMEND!!!!!!",Date of stay: November 2013,5.0
2449,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2450-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Loved London - Hotel Was OK,"My family stayed at the Hilton Olympia London.  Getting around Central London by either bus or subway was very easy.  London is one of my favorite cities.  Front Office staff was always available.  Mixed experience with front office staff, some member were friendly, while others were cold and business like.  The morning breakfasts were very good and the restaurant staff were excellent.  Hotel and in particular my room was always clean.  I felt the bell staff/concierge were hustling my family, friends, and I to take tours and transportation options we didn't need.  I would consider staying at this hotel again.",Date of stay: September 2013,3.0
2450,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2455-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Good Hotel for visiting Earls Court,"Stayed here for one night. Got a great price on the room with breakfast included.   Parts of the Hotel are slightly dated but the property is clean, tidy and functional.  Location is good as hotel is a short walk from the tube station and Earls Court which was very handy  Staff were all very friendly and breakfast in the restaurant was excellent.  I have stayed in more modern Hilton Hotels but would not hesitate to return here if in the area",Date of stay: November 2013,4.0
2451,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2455-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Good location, great restaurant","I stayed here with my girlfriend for 4 nights. We were upgraded, which was nice, and the room was lovely and cozy. We had Thanksgiving dinner in the Society restaurant, which was a great ending for our vacation. Great location too, not too far from the center and Westfield. The concierge didn't satisfy my query about not-touristy things to do, and the morning I left I had to wait for the take-away breakfast even though I had ordered it for a specific time. Little things that didn't ruin our stay in the end though. I would go back with pleasure.",Date of stay: November 2013,4.0
2452,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2455-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,I expected better from Hilton,"Heating turned up full blast and there was only a trickle of warmish air i assume that the heating for all rooms is from the same system and therefore the same... it was cold in there .The shower is ok if you are 4 foot nothing i am 6'2 and had to stoop to shower. Breakfast i feel was overpriced for what it was, to be honest our works canteen turns out better for a fiver. Ok that's the bad points the hotel room itself was really nice and really clean  the bed was huge and was quite warm under the duvet the tea and coffee making facilities were also good.The bar is a very nice spot to relax in tho a little pricey but hey that's London we saved up and allowed for that. There are supermarkets nearby so don't touch the minibar or water which was nearly £4 for a small bottle. The…",Date of stay: November 2013,3.0
2453,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2455-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Wot a weekend,"Ww stayed at Olympia Hilton in kensington, lovely hotel , warm friendly staff, fantastic breakfast, plenty of choice, well cooked. Good location , on main transport route. Value for money , would stay again.",Date of stay: October 2013,5.0
2454,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2455-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,less than average for the price,We like to stay here because of the location and previous experiences. But would not advise it now. Rooms have fallen in disrepair but breakfast is good. The gym is more like a storage room and free internet is limited to a corner with in the lobby.,Date of stay: November 2013,3.0
2455,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2460-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,very nice,we had a good stay last february in this hotel. the room was nice and spacious silent and clean. a good fitness center and a beautiful restaurant make the hilton londob olympia a very good choose to stay in london. absolutely we will came back,None,4.0
2456,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2460-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,badly needs a refurb,"I can`t believe this hotel has a 4 star rating, it is very dated , gloomy,  and shabby in some areas  , the corridors have the most awful carpet and  look very bleak and depressing and reminded me of a Nursing home  . Our room was very cold and there was a draft coming in from the windows. The bed however was really comfortable, the bathroom a good size and both  were cleaned to a high standard.We had a lovely hot bath , heard no noise and had a really good night sleep.  The prices in the main bar and  the mini bar were hideous but there is a Sainsburys next door  to get any drinks and snacks . The staff are very pleasant and helpful and the  breakfast really good . The hotel was a lot cheaper to book  than many in the same area and it is in a very good location,  but Hilton…",Date of stay: November 2013,2.0
2457,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2460-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Good staying in London,"Just one night in cold November 2013. Good service, clean....maybe just some more socket at the walls... Position is really awesome....just before Notting Hill on the Circle Line (Yellow). Energizing breakfast.... I had got in the late night in a good cod&chips at the bar ...",Date of stay: November 2013,4.0
2458,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2460-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Executive Lounge Staff made it!,"My first stay in this particular London Hilton and I shall be back soon! The executive lounge and staff are really what sealed it for me. Particular praise must go to the young Greek lady Penny who went out of her way to make me feel welcome from the moment I checked in through forgetting hold of some diabetic jam from the main restaurant for breakfast the following day so I could enjoy breakfast in the lounge. It is these little touches along with such a helpful, friendly attitude that go a long way. I didn't catch the other lady's name who was on duty that evening but she was similarly friendly. Location is ideal for Olympia just 5 minutes walk away and if you want to head into central London there are regular taxis passing right outside the hotel or direct buses to…",Date of stay: November 2013,4.0
2459,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2460-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,A very average stay with a huge bill,This hotel is excellently located for those who wish to visit the Olympia Exhibition Hall. It really is excellently located for those who wish to visit the Olympia Exhibition Hall. The rest of this hotel is average. The bar charges Chelsea prices for basic drinks. The room service is £11. The food is very over priced aswell. The staff are very aware of the ridiculous prices and seem to apologise for them. Especially the hotel car parking that is advertised as one price and charged at another. I paid £35 to park from 16.00 on one day until 14.00 the next day. I understand from talking to the lady at reception that this is an exceptional strategy to bleed more money from guests. Please ask about all pricing strategies as they do not reveal them unless prompted it seems. Its £3.85…,Date of stay: November 2013,3.0
2460,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2465-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Poor hotel, good location for Olympia events ","Stayed on business for one night. Check-in process was painfully slow (25 mins!) due to staff training. Room was broadly OK but it overlooked what appeared to be a dumping ground - there was rubbish and several skips etc. Also, the window didn't shut properly and there was a loud air vent directly outside. I got little sleep. Only plus point is its very convenient location for events at the Olympia.",Date of stay: October 2013,3.0
2461,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2465-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Regular Good Hilton Experience,"Nice location ( about 10 minutes walk to High St Kensington station ), Polite and helpful staff, well equipped but small rooms. Very nice breakfast with beautifully designed restaurant are things you might expect from this hotel. In general, it is difficult to find something to make you upset about this hotel. Only thing to concern is rooms are really small and if you have a Sunday to stay in room, it might be a bit depressing !",Date of stay: November 2013,4.0
2462,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2465-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Long weekend,"Have stayed here a few times previously. The room was clean well appointed and the bed very comfortable, the bathroom clean but adequate. At night the room as very quiet, overlooking the rear, the downside being that we overlooked various external parts of hotel services. At 3 floors up these parts were not in normal line of sight, and anyway we didn't come to London to look out of hotel windows. Wide choice provided at breakfast to suit all tastes, but we did not dine here. Hotel well positioned for events at Olympia ( 5 mins walk ) Kensington High St, and the West End. Very well served by buses into Trafalgar Square, Oxford St.,amongst others.",Date of stay: November 2013,4.0
2463,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2465-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Exhibition hotel,"This hotel is excellent for service and food. It is a short walk from the Olympia exhibition centre so makes a very good weekend stay in London. The staff are very helpful, rooms are clean and the restaurant food is reasonably priced and of good quality.",Date of stay: November 2013,5.0
2464,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2465-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,value for money and location,"Stayed a long weekend here. Good value considering the price. The hotel is only a 10 minutes walk to high street kensington tube stop where you have easy access to Central line and circle line. It is also several good places to eat in the area.We did not eat breakfast at the hotel, but walked up to Notting Hill, its about 15 mintues walk and had a good breakfast and coffee in that area. There is also a good organic restaurant close to the hotel where you can get a warm and cold breakfast. The hotel is good for the price. Some noise at night if you have a room in front of the building so bring earplugs if you like to sleep with the window open. There is AC in the room for those who prefere that in stead. We walked from the hotel to Covent garden through Kensington Garden/Hyde…",Date of stay: November 2013,3.0
2465,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2470-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Night stay,I booked into the Hilton for a night away. Using the last minute upgrade system we were given an executive room. The room was spacious and clean and the bed was very comfy. Actually the bed was very comfy and huge - lots of room to move around. Only downside was the noise from the road (not that loud) and that the adjoining room door let noise in from the next room. The executive suite was a very nice facility. The drinks and canapes were enjoyable and relaxing. Comfortable sofas and chairs. A nice place to relax. Made for a nice break away from the children.,Date of stay: November 2013,4.0
2466,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2470-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Nice place to stay in a good location,I have stayed here several times and have always had good service.  Rooms are clean and comfortable.  Food in the restaurant could be better but the breakfast is good and with plenty of choices.  Good location for Kensington High Street and West End.  I look forward to my next stay.,Date of stay: November 2013,4.0
2467,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2470-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Really very tired and in need of serious refurbishment,"Stayed on business as I was attending a conference at the hotel. The lobby, restaurant and bar all appear to have ben (relatively) recently refurbished, so the title does not refer to them. The rooms, however, are long overdue for an overhaul. Cracked basins, peeling paint, 80s carpet all need to go. Bed was comfortable, but road noise on 5th floor room could be much reduced by a decent window. Even spending a bit of money on washing ge now black net curtains would improve the experience.  Staff were friendly and service good. It is reasoanbly priced for a major chain in London, but Hilton need to spend some money or off load this one. It is brand damaging.",Date of stay: November 2013,2.0
2468,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2470-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Good Location for Events at the Olympia,"The Hilton Olympia was a very good hotel, espicially for events at the Olympia Exhibition Hall. The staff were very friendly and helpful.   It is currently being renovated, but that did not affect my stay. I'd recommend it.",Date of stay: November 2013,4.0
2469,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2470-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Not the best Hilton can do by any means,"I like Hilton hotels. OK, the loyalty programme they have tends to lead me to them, but in general they get things right, consistently so, and when things go wrong, they have the capability to make things good.   The hotel is OK. Just OK. I have never seen any trace of dirt in any Hilton hotel, and the decor of both the room and the hotel in general is bright and interesting. The room was a little small, but well furnished. I suspect that the room size is because the hotel is actually in Kensington, and there is very little that Hilton can do about it.  Its a pleasant area, so expensive. Everything worked in the room, the aircon, showers, TV etc. No problems at all. The coffee shop is part of the hotel and is really good for a decent cheap (very cheap but not poor quality)…",Date of stay: November 2013,3.0
2470,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2475-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Great hotel,"The hotel was 5 minutes walk from Olympia, the hotel staff were friendly, we had 2 doubles booked but on arrival we were told only twin rooms available, after saying we were not happy with this we had a free upgrade to a suite and our friends were upgraded to an executive double. The breakfast was great and would be great value for money if you had to pay, ours was included in our price. The beds were the best we have slept on in all the trips we have had to London.",Date of stay: November 2013,5.0
2471,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2475-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,good location check the floor,very good hotel for Kensington and all the west end if prepared to walk. Staff were very polite and helpful. Room was on the top floor (8) and was of a good size with all you need and more for an overnight stay. Restaurant food was of a high standard and with a 2 for 20 plus glass of house wine was very good value. There was however one drawback and that we only discovered when awakened by  extractor fans or air-conditioning units on the roof.  if this were a theatre that I was booking tickets for the best you could say would be very restricted view. It is a shame that the staff could not be upfront about the rooms that are affected by noise before you book.,Date of stay: November 2013,3.0
2472,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2475-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Ok for visit to olympia....,Stayed at weekend for good food show. Room was ok. Extremely lumpy bed. Hard mattress with lumpy bed topper!  Slept ok until awoken by cleaners constantly opening a sliding cupboard door near to our room (649) from about 530am onwards every 10mins. I am heavy sleeper but the noise was very loud!!! Lovely buffet breakfast in the morning with a good selection. This was our second stay at this hotel and we probably won't return again. I didn't make a complaint but I would of made a fuss we were staying for more than one night.,Date of stay: November 2013,2.0
2473,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2475-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Good hotel for the price if you're happy to walk, get a bus or taxi","I've got to say I think this is a good hotel for the price I paid. I was staying in London on business at Earls Court so I could walk to the exhibition centre in around 10 minutes, or on one of the days I had a meeting near Tottenham Court Rd so headed on the bus right outside, all the way with no changes! The reception is nice, modern and clean. The check in staff were very friendly and courteous. The concierge was very helpful when asking him a couple of questions. The rooms were fine, I like the Hilton bedding so knew i'd get a pretty good night sleep. The only gripe I have with Hilton is that they put the showers in the baths - this hotel is no exception, but if you're over 3ft tall you have to break into some doubled up arched back routine to attempt to get your hair wet,…",Date of stay: November 2013,4.0
2474,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2475-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Hilton London Olympia - Great location, friendly staff, comfortable bed!","I really enjoyed my stay and found the staff to be particularly welcoming and friendly. We parked in the hotel car park which is very convenient as it connects to the hotel itself, (this wasn't cheap, but that is to be expected when staying in London). We went off on our travels for the day and were able to walk to Westfield shopping centre (about 25min walk). After a long day, I enjoyed a hot bath (good for me as I am only 5ft2, but you might not be able to stretch out in the bath if you are tall) and I found the room very spacious and cosy whilst getting ready for the evening. The bed was very comfortable and I had a really good sleep which is my main priority when staying at a hotel!  Breakfast is buffet style and my eyes nearly popped out of their sockets with the amount of…",Date of stay: November 2013,4.0
2475,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2480-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,50th Birthday weekend,The hotel staff were friendly on check in. The bar area very quiet on Friday early evening. Nice executive room though quite small. Executive lounge staff very friendly and drinks and food very nice. Breakfast was great. We found the hotel to be a good ten/15 minute walk from the nearest tube and our room was very noisy on a night with emergency services and traffic.,Date of stay: November 2013,4.0
2476,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2480-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Nothing Special,"Room was a bit noisy, rather cramped and flushing the toilet led to 5 mins of gurgling sounds in the room. I'm 6 gt tall and standing in the bath my head almost touched the ceiling.  In room dinner was steak which was bland  There must be better hotels than this in the area",Date of stay: November 2013,3.0
2477,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2480-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Ok,"We use this hotel twice a year for business and whilst there's nothing wrong it always leaves me a little cold. The bedrooms are clean & functional but have had rooms that suffer from the noise of the extractors from the kitchens. The bar staff are fun but prices are expensive even for London. The best part is the restaurant and any deal that they offer as the food is fab! So overall, nothing to complain about but have stayed in much better!",Date of stay: October 2013,3.0
2478,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2480-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Expensive for what it is,"I would simply say look elsewhere if you are expecting value for money!  I was charged £198 per night for a basic single room, on top of this if you park there, which I had too, you'll need another £35 per day. The wi-fi isn't free in your rooms, the room service menu is extortionate and there is genuinely no point using your do not disturb card on your door as this is just a signal to the cleaners to talk louder outside your room and open and close as many doors close to you as possible till you are effectively disturbed!  I take nothing away from the reception or bar staff who are all friendly but this doesn't make up for the cost!  Having stayed at numerous Hiltons in the past I would be reluctant to use them again.",Date of stay: November 2013,3.0
2479,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2480-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Good value for money,"I stay a lot at this hotel as it's close to my firms office in London.  The good: treat gold members nicely, room are clean, bed comfy, good service, great rates.  The not so good: rooms are small, hotel needs a refurbish. But overall you can't go wrong with this place.  I keep coming back!",Date of stay: October 2013,4.0
2480,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2485-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Really lovely stay!,"We had a free upgrade on arrival. Our room was clean, spacious and very comfortable. The fact that wifi is not free to residence and having to pay 10% service charge when sitting at the bar is slightly annoying but those would be my only complaints. Staff were all very helpful and friendly. We very much enjoyed our stay and it helped to make my Birthday one of the best ever!",Date of stay: November 2013,4.0
2481,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2485-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Comfortable but expensive and no free wi-fi!,"I stayed here for three nights whilst on business in nearby Hammersmith and my primary reason for selecting this hotel was it's proximity to the company I was visiting (a 10minute walk).  The hotel is well situated with access to various forms of public transport and a mere 15minute walk to Hyde park via Kensington High Street.  There are plenty of restaurants, bars and food stores around and not too far from most of the museums of you are planning on those activities.  The rooms are a little smaller than I'm used to but the bed was comfortable and the rooms have everything that I needed, including tea/coffee making facilities, a steam iron and ironing board (every hotel should have these in the rooms!) and TV/alarm clock.  I didn't eat breakfast in the hotel, but I did order…",Date of stay: October 2013,3.0
2482,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2485-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Clean rooms for a fair price,"My wife and I spent 6 days here and it was a nice stay.  By American standards the room was small, but we were more focused on the history and sites of London than the size of our room.    The rooms and lobby area were clean and modern, but the rest of the build is quite dated (halls and exterior).  The 70’s are calling and they want their building back!  The staff was pleasant and professional.  We stopped in the Costa Coffee bar several times, which was very convenient.  Although the hotel is not in central London, it was a great neighborhood and very conveniently located to major bus and tube lines.  Two complaints though.  The £15/day fee for WiFi is obscene and highway robbery!  At a decent exchange rate, that’s more than $23/day, which is more than people pay for an entire…",Date of stay: June 2013,4.0
2483,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2485-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Exelent stay,"Came to london on official business at the embassy, but the hotel made it feel like a leisure trip. Dinner was excellent and perfectly cooked. Breakfast was a great choice. All staff friendly and very helpful.  Thank you to everybody",Date of stay: November 2013,5.0
2484,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2485-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"What a rubbish hotel, cant believe this is a Hilton!","I made a point of booking this Hilton rather than one in Hammersmith where I had meetings becuase I am a diamond club holder and prefer the Hitlon brand.  I had a very rude receptionist to deal with.  I was told there were no room upgrades. The room they offered me  for over £200 Room only was like going back in time to the 80s very musty smelling, the hallways were down to flakey plaster resembling a building site.  I called Hilton they said there were better rooms available. The Femail manager then advised me this was not the case. At this point I would have just left and checked in somewhere else and not worried about the money, but now I was running extremely late for dinner at Nobu.  When I got back to the hotel it took 3 key cards to get me into my room. I am pretty sure…",Date of stay: November 2013,1.0
2485,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2490-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Average stay but comfy beds and friendly staff,"Stayed here for a weekend break to London and booked it because of the good price and convenient location.  Found it to be a good distance from the Tube (used High St Kensington as Olympia is unreliable) which was fine as weather was dry but would not like the fifteen minute walk if it had been raining.   The staff, for the most part, were very friendly and helpful. We pre-booked breakfast and I have to say were very pleasantly surprised by it - there was an excellent choice and it was all very tasty.  The room was a little disappointing although better than I expected after reading previous reviews here. Ours was on the sixth floor and so the only noise was the air-conditioning unit (which turned itself on and off as it pleased). The beds were also very comfortable. However the…",Date of stay: October 2013,3.0
2486,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2490-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,classic 4 star london city hotel,"having read previous reviews, I was quite apprehensive and emailed the hotel direct. i got an instant response which gave me confidence in my booking. on arrival, the foyer and bar area are of good modern appearance. the public areas in the bedroom corridors have seen better days, however, they are very clean. the bedroom, was of 4 star standard albiet, hardwood flooring would give it a more up to date feel. the bathroom was clean and quality toiletries are provided overall, location (good bus links into town) is ideal, staff and service excellent and i would easily return. well done.",Date of stay: November 2013,4.0
2487,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2490-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Ho-hum hotel,"The only thing going for this hotel is the location and the fact that a Costa Coffee is in the lobby. I prefer Costa to any other coffee chain.  The hotel itself is so outdated furnishing wise to remind you of a very average motel in a small mid-western town. The mattress should have been replaced years ago.  I am a fit and trim person who does not wake up with a stiff back but, guess what? I had to do major stretches after a short nap at this hotel upon arrival from my over night flight.  If you desire a flash back to early Howard Johnson decor hotel living this is the place for you. The only plus is it is within a good walk of underground stations and options for local food and shopping. I say your dollar can be spent at a better hotel. If you enjoy classic cars the Bristol…",Date of stay: November 2013,3.0
2488,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2490-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Booked at discounted price but still expect better service,"Hotel location is not very good with Underground.  Bus stop is just steps away.  But London is always busy on the road.  So please leave extra time when go anywhere.  Hotel only provides free wifi at lobby, not at room.  That is only thing i found strange.",Date of stay: October 2013,3.0
2489,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2490-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Great hotel but a distance from tube,"Classic Hilton hotel; polite and friendly staff with a nice room.   Staff were knowledgable of the area and were able to advise us where to go and how to get there.   The room was nice, starting to look a little tired. There was plenty of tea and coffee in the room and comfy beds. The A/C wasn't the best, luckily it was a coolish day so it wasn't too bad. The lifts were efficient.   We did not have breakfast, there was an extra charge of £12 if you booked it the day before or £17 on the day.  The only real down side to this hotel is the distance to the nearest station. If you are a regular visitor to London or even visit annually I would advise investing in an Oyster card for £5 plus credit so you can jump on the bus up to Kensington High Street station. Otherwise you are unable…",Date of stay: November 2013,4.0
2490,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2495-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel but will expect a bit more,I paid £102 for a double room.  Travelodge was £70 when I booked.  So I think Hilton should be a lot better.  I did think Hilton should be a luxury treat but it is just above average.  However I like this hotel in average.  The location is not convenient with Underground.  But stop is just a few steps away to Central London.  Bus connection is good but please prepare a lot of time in advance as London's road are packed all the times.  The room size is average.  Bed is comfortable.  Wifi is free ONLY at lobby.  At room will be a charge.   Remember to hang out the Do Not Disturb at the door before you sleep.  Cleaner came at 8am to knock and tried to come in.  Thankfully I did lock my door !!!,Date of stay: October 2013,3.0
2491,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2495-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Actually a very nice hotel.,"After reading the reviews on Tripadvisor, I was very concerned. I had prepaid for a 3-day stopover here on our way back home to the U.S.  This hotel is absolutely lovely! When we walked in, we were immediately welcomed by desk staff, and the clerk quickly found our reservation. She described the room and told us we had an upgrade, gave us a map and explained various local attractions.  Very nice! Then we saw the room and were definitely happy. Roomy, clean with a big flat screen tv. The bed is very comfortable! Best of all is the staff. I was especially pleased with Gianna. She came over and introduced herself to us and asked if everything was To our satisfaction. We chatted about Italy and it was a very nice conversation.  Also helpful was server Nivis.  My husband and I were…",Date of stay: November 2013,4.0
2492,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2495-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Slightly dated hotel and not what I expect from a Hilton,"We stayed for one night at the Hilton London Olympia hotel where the cost of parking your car in the hotel's underground car park is £35 per 24 hours, but easily accessible.   The hotel has a welcoming reception and all of the staff we encountered were very friendly and helpful. We paid £145 plus an extra £15 to upgrade to a deluxe room.  The corridors and room doors were dark and a bit dismal so even before we got to our room we were slightly disappointed, having stayed in Hilton Hotels around the world in much better condition.  The room was small, with two small bay windows looking out over the street.  The net curtains over the windows were shabby looking and honestly it would have been better if they weren't there at all except for privacy issues from the buildings across…",Date of stay: October 2013,3.0
2493,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2495-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Pleasantly surprised,"On reading the reviews was expecting the worst, but I was surprised. Yes its an old building and has been a hotel for a very long time and that shows in some areas, but the lobby looks like it has been refurbished. As a Gold member got upgraded to an Exec room, which was quiet comfortable and probably recently refurbished. Wifi worked well and the Executive lounge was superb. Special thanks to Grazia who checked me in and looked after me in the lounge, she is an asset to the hotel and was superb. Yes no tube on the doorstep but the buses outside are just as easy. Only eat in the lounge so cannot comment on the food. I would return.",Date of stay: October 2013,4.0
2494,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2495-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Great location but food and service need improving,"I am usually a fan of the Hilton group of hotels for keeping up standards, but this hotel seems to be falling behind. The staff cannot speak much English and the food is getting to taste like cardboard when it finally arrives after waiting 1 1/2 hours. Come on Hilton - clear up your act - you charge enough for the privilege of staying overnight.",Date of stay: September 2013,2.0
2495,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2500-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Good value in London,"I would give it more of a 3.5 for value. My husband and I got this hotel on hotwire for $100 a night so keep in mind my review comes from paying that price in a very expensive city. We were not far from an underground, grocery stores, shops and restaurants.   The hotel is definitely showing its age but still a very nice stay. If you are visiting London and want somewhere clean and decent to stay, I would recommend this place. If you are paying the prices on the Hilton website then you'll probably be disappointed.   The service was decent and our room was always clean. It was a very small room but again, it's London. After long days of exploring our room was a welcome respite for our weary feet.   One thing to be aware of - they have a very ""convenient"" method of charging you for…",Date of stay: September 2013,3.0
2496,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2500-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Looks ok on the surface ...,"When travelling on business there are 3 things I require, 1 comfortable bed, reliable wifi and a hot shower. Unfortunately the Hilton Olimpia offered me one. On checking in I was told wifi in the room was charged at £14, I don't mind paying for services that offer me value, this I believe is extortionate. I was kindly offered a free wifi code for the lobby, to find that only corner or said lobby had signal coverage and was oversubscribed with users.  In the room the bed was very comfy, and the room finished to a decent standard. I woke in the morning to find the shower was not working, there was however water to the bath so I would guess pressure the issue. At the time in the morning I was leaving there was no engineer on duty, so had to settle for a bath. I checked out and…",Date of stay: October 2013,2.0
2497,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2500-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Weekend break,"Stayed at this hotel recently and found it to be adequate for my purpose. The hotel is about ten minutes walk from Kensington High Street tube station and the are buses for this journey every five minutes. The room was comfortable, clean and roomy enough by London standards. my room was on the seventh floor and although some traffic noise was evident this was London and expected. Breakfast was a buffet service and was tasty and enjoyable and staff were attentive and professional even when the restaurant was busy.  Utilised the fast checkout service on checkout and received confirmation e mail a few hours later. Overall this hotel was ideal for a short break .",Date of stay: October 2013,4.0
2498,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2500-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Comfortable room, but expensive parking!","Hotel was fine, well located and comfortable the breakfast was excellent, but I felt that over £100 for 2 nights parking was very expensive! One other issue was that the check in couldn't handle two separate prices for two nights!        ",Date of stay: September 2013,4.0
2499,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2500-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Service was not excellent,"Overall the hotel was fairly average. I have no major complaints; the rooms were fairly standard. However, I did find the service lacking. When we inquired about a restaurant we had heard about, the employee did make an effort to look it up as he had never heard of it, but then quickly told us that the hotel had better food for better prices. How he could make a claim like that when 2 minutes earlier he had never even heard of the other restaurant, I am not sure. And the next day, the employee at reception seemed very disinterested in helping a couple who needed to get a transfer to the Trafalgar London Reception center to make it to their tour bus on time.",Date of stay: October 2013,3.0
2500,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2505-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Executive Lounge Host: Vlad Grigoroiu,"My wife and I stayed in this hotel for about 3 weeks in October 2013.  We found the hotel facilities excellent but it was the staff who made the real difference and made our stay very memorable indeed - from the front desk, to the concierge service, to the housecleaning staff everyone was polite and very efficient.  However the hilite for us was Vlad Grigoroiu, Executive Lounge Host.  He was in word terrific - always making sure we were comfortable and had everything we needed (drinks, snacks, information about London, services in the hotel etc etc).  He was always polite, efficient in what he did and very effective as the Lounge Host.  My wife and I have travelled the world in the last 30 years and it not often we meet someone with as much potential and obvious ability as Mr.…",Date of stay: October 2013,4.0
2501,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2505-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Typical over priced, impersonal London hotel","I booked this through a discount web site and hence paid a fraction of the list price, however I was still very disappointed. My issues were:  1) Location this is a long,  way from any good transport connections and from any of the major areas of London. The tube only runs at the weekend and when there is an exhibition at Olympia 2) the room was probably nice once but was in dire need of refurbishment and was small and not teribbly clean 3) The staff with the exception of the concierge, were not engaging at all it was like dealing with an automaton 4) Wi-Fi this was cargeable and expensive at £15 per day, it may have been free if we'd not book through a discount site  If I had paind the full price for this hotel I would have been livid at the value for money",Date of stay: October 2013,2.0
2502,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2505-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Coach Driver Opinion (Professional Traveller),"Not worthy of 4 stars....  The lobby is lovely but as soon as you go up to the rooms - bam! Your back in the 90's.  The hotel is comfortable enough, but it needs refurbished. For what it costs, the brand and the location....Well I liken my room to a £50 travelodge - If that.  On the up side, I got the best sleep I've had in a long, long time.",Date of stay: October 2013,3.0
2503,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2505-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Perfect Hotel,"I stayed in this hotel for 1 night on 12th of october i have to say despite all the negative reviews i was really surprised of how good this hotel is everything is perfect staff is polite and very helpfull and the breakfast is excellent the rooms are basic but they have everything you plus some little extras .when i booked the room i done it through an agency so i got it a little cheaper then normal but a few days later i called the hotel and i asked if i can have a better room  and the receptionist on duty was very helpfull she upgraded me and my girlfriend, i didn't tell them I am the manager of a Best Western hotel maybe i could get even a better room then that !!!All in all it was a very good stay and when i'm in London next time we will return for sure. Thank You very much…",Date of stay: October 2013,5.0
2504,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2505-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Not a waauw experience,"The hotel is located in the upscale Kensington area of London, near a very busy intersection. It is not conveniently located to any tube station, however, since the nearest station will be a brisk 15' walk away. As to the hotel and the rooms itself, there is nothing really negative to say, but nothing really positive either. I still cannot understand why so many hotels will stick to carpets all over the place. Perhaps, one should start looking at the Scandinavian chains, where wooden floors will make it so much more clean and modern. The room was large enough, but the bathroom very tiny. In fact, when I took a shower, the shower head could not be lifted enough, since the ceiling was too low. With 2 in the bathroom, the place was already overcrowded and no, it was not a single…",Date of stay: October 2013,3.0
2505,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2510-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Premier inn would be a better choice,"After reading the previous reviews I was really worried about staying at the hilton olympia. However on arrival at 11am (4 hours prior to check in time) the receptionist told me that our room was ready which was excellent. Reception is classy with a costa attached which is really good and a overall good atmosphere from the staff. As my partner and I entered the double standard room we was in shock. We have stayed in other hilton 4* hotel which were amazing so we was expecting something along the same lines. The room was basic, so basic that the premier inn we once stayed in had more character than the hilton. There was no nice view. I then entered the bathroom which to my horror and my worse concern for the hotel was the bath, there was a non slip mat in the bath which was…",Date of stay: October 2013,2.0
2506,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2510-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Dreadful rip off of a hotel,"Where to start? On a positive note, the hotel looks to have been recently refurbished & the breakfast was really good. The one star rating reflects the breakfast. Unfortunately everything else was poor to say the least. The room was absolutely tiny & for what it costs it's frankly laughable the amount of room you have. Everything cost a fortune, ludicrous bar prices & even water is £3.95 per small bottle, something which clearly should be complimentary! The shower didn't work which is an absolute basic requirement and the staff didn't understand anything over the phone due to a poor command of English & had no knowledge whatsoever of the hotel - even simple requests like how much the moves cost were beyond them. The final straw was being woken up at 7.45am by a housekeeper…",Date of stay: October 2013,1.0
2507,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2510-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Hilton in name only,Friendly enough desk staff but no porterage combined with tiny lifts.  Floors are multi level which is awkward negotiating luggage up and down stairs around a maze of corrodors. Rooms are very small and tired looking with a fridge that is stocked with overpriced goods.  In actual fact the fridge cannot be used as it has no shelves and is electronically set to charge for any item that is moved.  Very frustrating if you want to have your own cool drink or need to keep anything chilled! This is nothing remotely like any Hilton I have stayed in: closer to some of the budget hotels I've come across.  AC is poor and plenty of traffic noise.  Conrad would turn in his grave if he knew about this hotel using his name!  Not recommended!,Date of stay: September 2013,2.0
2508,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2510-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Worst Hilton ever,"Terrible check-in experience Horrible decor Disgusting dated bathroom and tired used towels £3.95 per bottle for in-room bottled water... What a rip off!!! Should be comp!  Nice sheets is about the only good thing here  Properly bad hotel  Hilton, you should be ashamed to operate this property!  ",Date of stay: October 2013,1.0
2509,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2510-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Worst Hilton hotel stay ever,"Where to start, there is so much wrong with this hotel. For a start 4 stars they are having a laugh I have stayed in much better 3 star hotels. Here goes, the hotel at first glance appears extremely opulent with a luxurious lobby area, but they do say never judge a book by its cover and this is so true with this hotel. We booked 2 Executive rooms for an overnight stay while visiting a trade show at Olympia. I am not sure exactly what was executive about the room, if this is how they treat executives, I dread to think what the other rooms were like. Initially we were kept waiting 2 hours past check in till we could gain access to our rooms. The room was freezing cold as all the windows had been left open to cover the awful damp/ musty smell in the room. The bathroom had at some…",Date of stay: September 2013,1.0
2510,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2515-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Average hotel a good distance from major tourist locations.,Nothing special here but the price was right.  Staff was pleasant and attentive.   The room was average. Clean but outdated (same for the lobby).   Included buffet breakfast was serviceable.   Location was a bit far from the tourist destinations.  Recommend taking the #9 bus which offers a scenic ride than the tube which is several blocks distant.    Overall there are likely better options in London. ,Date of stay: September 2013,3.0
2511,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2515-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Middle of the road Hilton,"We reserved 3 rooms for one Saturday night as part of a family break at the London Hilton Olympia. As a silver-level HHonors member I have stayed at a number of different Hilton brand hotels and so I am able to compare and contrast  fairly across the range.   There is really nothing at all wrong with this hotel. It has a number of classic Hilton hallmarks; great front desk service, modern bar & lounge area, helpful concierge and fair size rooms. Despite this, we all remarked that some parts of the hotel are beginning to look tired and in need of refurbishment. Most notably, the hallway areas on each level in front of the lifts, some of the communal décor on room levels, wallpaper along corridors, etc.   Breakfast (included in our rate) was very good and plentiful. Again, service…",Date of stay: September 2013,3.0
2512,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2515-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,This Hotel is old with terrible rooms,"This Hotel had his best times ages ago. My grandmother has not as old furnishing as this hotel. The rooms are horrible, if you look out of windows you can see a mess of old equipments like in a devolpment country. If I could, I would give this hotel a maximum of 2 stars.",Date of stay: September 2013,1.0
2513,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2515-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Bad service, nice hotel","While this is a nice, standard Hilton, I doubt I would ever stay here again, given the poor customer service we received during our stay.  Despite calling the hotel prior to our stay and asking for early check-in, we had to wait almost three hours for a room that we were repeatedly assured was almost ready. The concierge and bell staff were gracious and helpful, but staff at the front desk were snotty and cold, and on several occasions, ignored us in favor of more obviously wealthy clientele. I find this tacky; I'm a customer the same way the other client was and am paying for my stay in the same way.   Also, we happened to be sitting in one of the small seating areas near reception at the front of the hotel and were told to scram by a tour group vendor who had ""reserved"" the…",Date of stay: August 2013,2.0
2514,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2515-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Comfortable and pleasant,"Stayed there for two nights and was made to feel welcome by the friendly staff. Food was good, beds were comfortable. Room was a standard room, clean and had all that was needed.  Tip: If you're trying to get a taxi to go somewhere in the evening, ask for the hotel to help. they can either ring for a taxi, or the doorman will often hail a taxi for you. Otherwise, on busy evenings, you often end up standing at the side of the road waving at taxi's.",Date of stay: November 2012,4.0
2515,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2520-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,do not deserve,"I would never advise anybody to stay in this hotel. at list for the price they ask about it. it doesn't worth it. we was at Hilton Olympia hotel for 4 days with friends. the location was perfect for us because we came for exhibition and it's was just in front of hotel. but everything else was awful. i paid 900 euro for 4 nights and get for it just location and nothing more. room service is awful and they charge extra for it. they overcharge the bill for room service for 2 pounds (the point is not the 2 pounds, but why?) if i want to give more i'll give. so i was very disappointed from everything. never will stay again in this hotel.",Date of stay: September 2013,2.0
2516,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2520-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Easy travel to city center,"We stayed here in September 2013. Because we like using the public transportation we were very pleased with the bus stop being at the front door of this hotel.  We just hopped on and would go to the tube station. Very easy. Never felt inconvenience of not being in the city center.  Our room was nice, although small. Very clean. Good breakfast. Only downside was poor internet. Only in the lobby and then spotty.  We stayed 6 days and would stay here again. My husband got a cold while on vacation and there is a pharmacy in the same building, they were super nice and got him everything he needed.",Date of stay: September 2013,4.0
2517,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2520-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,4* Hilton with 5* service,"Before writing my review, I see many “Lords and Ladies” who are disappointed about their stay at the Hilton London Olympia. If you are expecting a 5* Hilton with many international restaurants, luxury spa and suites, open your purse strings and stay at a 5* Hilton. If you are expecting a 4* Hilton with a great restaurant, decent sized fitness club and rooms better than the average in Central London, admit your delusion of grandeur and enjoy your stay here!   You see, the price is good for London, one of the world’s most expensive cities, especially for hotels. Located only a 10 minute walk to Kensington High Street Underground, you are a stone’s throw away from one of London’s best shopping streets. You also have Olympia Exhibition Centre less than a 2 minute walk away, which is…",Date of stay: September 2013,5.0
2518,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2520-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Disappointing and unwelcoming.,"I attended a conference here and, although I cannot comment on the rooms, my experience of this hotel over the course of a working day wouldn't encourage me to stay here. Although conveniently placed in terms of its proximity to Olympia and Earls Court exhibition centre, the lack of information available in reception for delegates and confusing layout renders this venue frustrating. On arrival, the two members of staff at the front desk were preoccupied assisting guests wishing to check out, but there was no one else available to welcome new arrivals and no signage to indicate where visitors should go. When asked for directions, the receptionists' instructions were vague and indifferent. Nevertheless, a train of confused fellow delegates followed one another in the hope of…",Date of stay: September 2013,1.0
2519,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2520-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Overpriced and poor quality,"Widely overpriced.  Traveling a lot for business purposes, this hotel has been a big disappointment, especially given the price. I do not recommend it at all.  Here is a list of issues I have had: - air conditioning system constantly dripping on the floor - bed linens not changed even when requested - billing system down, bill sent per email but did not follow my request on the formatting even after explicitly stating it before leaving - worst view ever, on heating pipes - ugly carpet floor, but this is a metter of personal taste  Please go somewhere else if you can.",Date of stay: September 2013,2.0
2520,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2525-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Great location for Olympia venue,"Excellent location for the Olympia venue but all in all a typical large city hotel. We had a deluxe room which wasn't overly big, and out the back but even so with all the air con stuff etc on the roofs outside the window it was still noisy. Typical of a large busy hotel in a major city, the place never sleeps with people banging doors all night but that is to be expected. However, the place has many nice areas to sit and relax and the breakfast was far better than many I have eaten in similar sized establishments in London, and the staff at least smiled and responded to questions instead of other places where the faces are fixed and no eye contact is ever made. The room was very clean. All in all, we thought the room rate was excessive for what we got and the bathroom was small…",Date of stay: September 2013,3.0
2521,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2525-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,If you are Looking for US Standard Hilton - this won't be it,"Definitely one of the worst I have stayed at and I concur with several other reviewers who point out the many failings of this property I agree with other reviewers - Hilton should pull their name from this property as the only aspect of it that makes it a Hilton Hotel is the ""Peter Thomas Roth"" shampoo (which is offered in limited supply to your rooms as are the towels). If you are looking for more than one hand towel and one bath towel you are out of luck (I know my wife could not survive in these circumstances)  The rooms are poor and tiny. Others have noted you wont find yourself upgraded to an ""executive"" room as there aren't enough. These are the only rooms of reasonable size - look at the pictures to get a sense of the room that was squeezed into a broom cupboard in the…",Date of stay: September 2013,1.0
2522,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2525-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Seriously overpriced!,"Nothing wrong as such, just a very ordinary worn down hotel (had expected much more from Hilton) - and seriously overpriced. I felt ripped off - 179 GBP/night for somthing that should have costed half!",Date of stay: September 2013,2.0
2523,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2525-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Great location for Olympia Exhibition Halls,"A great bolt-hole when working at Olympia on a trade show for three days, it was wonderful to be able to walk a few steps to the hotel after a busy day. I booked online and saw that not all rates included breakfast - chose one which did and it was a perfectly OK selection (not sure I'd have wanted to pay extra for it). Staff very pleasant and helpful - I left my suitcase there before and after my stay. My room was small but perfectly adequate with everything I'd expect and a comfortable bed, and it seems I was lucky to have a room overlooking Warwick Road rather than the front which seems noisy according to other reviews. My one issue was the signage - I kept getting lost on the way to the restaurant or reception as the corridors are a bit confusing. And there was a large black…",Date of stay: September 2013,3.0
2524,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2525-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Despite what other reviews say, this is one of my top 3 hotels in London!","I have been a regular customer of this hotel over the last 6 years. They have been working hard to upgrade the rooms. Yes, some of the rooms are tiny - but who comes to London to stay inside all day! Other rooms are quite spacious - it just depends upon how busy they are. (My only ""complaint"" would be the seemingly non-regular availability of room upgrades for Diamond members, such as myself.) A few years ago the hotel made a wise move and added an Executive Lounge - which makes all the difference for me. The staff in the Lounge is quite helpful - they'll go out of their way to get things that aren't offered normally if they can obtain them from the restaurant. And Vlad (if he's still working there) is quite friendly. True, the hotel is not close to ""city center"" - but that's…",Date of stay: February 2013,5.0
2525,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2530-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,TERRIBLE-As with most of the Hilton's in London,"Hilton should be ashamed of themselves.  They seem to be throwing their name on old, used up buildings and doing little to nothing to them and just letting them continue to deteriorate.  We have stayed in so many of the Hilton hotels in London and none of them have stood up to the Hilton standards in the U.S. or even in other parts of the world.  The executives at Hilton need to pay a visit to their hotels in London and see how worn out they are and try sleeping in these AWFUL rooms!!!!  They should also re-train their staff because other than the Kensington Hilton the staff at their hotels in London are TERRIBLE!!! (I will say the concierge at the Olympia and the staff in the Executive Lounge are wonderful and helpful)  First, as in ALL OF THE LONDON HILTON'S, the beds are like…",Date of stay: September 2013,2.0
2526,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2530-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,4 nights at the Hilton,"Stayed at the Hilton from 16th September, really enjoyed it the staff were really helpful, my wife had a dental disaster on arrival and they quickly sorted out a local NHS dentist and she was seen and treated within two hours. This trip was to celebrate her birthday the hotel did her proud at breakfast and in the evening with a bottle of wine presented to our room with strawberries dipped in chocolate. Great location and excellent staff . Meals in both the bar and restaurant are very good quality.  Transport links into the City very good",Date of stay: September 2013,4.0
2527,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2530-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Expensive, not worth the money","Expensive hotel. Worn down, needs a refresh. No free WiFi despite the high price. Poor breakfast (limited choice, still 18GBP). Plenty of better choices in London. No service afterwards when I forgot something in my room. I have stayed here several times and am a HH member and would expect to have more service on basics. Staff in the reception seems junir and has an attitude of ""I didn't make the rules"". There are plenty of other hotels in London so look for one which does seem to care about their customers.",Date of stay: September 2013,2.0
2528,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2530-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,In major need of an update,"Most Hilton branded hotels are updated, sleek, and comfortable. This hotel while in an awesome location is in such need of an overhaul. It's old, ugly, and looks like something out of the late 70s early 80s. The furniture is old and ugly, the bathrooms are not very nice either. The hotel is kept quite clean, however. If I had a choice, I'd rather stay elsewhere",Date of stay: September 2013,3.0
2529,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2530-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Its ok,"Booked a double room which was a good size & the air conditioning was nice & quite. However we were at the front of the hotel & yes I know you are in London & to expect noise but think they seriously need to get better glazed windows as you can hear everything from the street below - hence did not sleep well at all.  Had drinks in the bar which were expensive. Breakfast excellent - cooked fresh & lots to choose from. A little too far out of town for us, but great location if visiting Olympia. Unfortunately the thing that put us off the most was the RUDEST receptionist I have ever met & I have worked & stayed in many hotels all over the world. Really not good at all as this is the first person to meet you when checking into a hotel. Need happy smiley faces!!!",Date of stay: July 2013,3.0
2530,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2535-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Olympia Hilton,"Close to Underground. Close to excellent pub 'Crown and Scheptre' best food in a pub ever, very reasonable price for London. Close to Underground. Close to excellent pub 'Crown and Scheptre' best food in a pub ever, very reasonable price for London. Close to Underground. Close to excellent pub 'Crown and Scheptre' best food in a pub ever, very reasonable price for London.",Date of stay: September 2013,5.0
2531,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2535-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Nice Accomodations, but tiny!","Stayed here for one night with a girlfriend of mine in August. Nice lobby, VERY helpful concierge, but the room was tiny!!! It was clean and fine for spending the night, though. If I went back to London, I would probably stay there again. I agree with other reviewers that it is far from the Underground, but there are a lot of cute stores and shops nearby.",Date of stay: August 2013,4.0
2532,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2535-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Great two days for our anniversary,"Spending two nights here was a joy.  Arrived early and our room was ready, after twelve hours on a plane, this was brilliant.  Lovely room, with a surprise, before we went out that evening.....  Room service (not ordered), a bottle of wine and strawberries, dipped in chocolate to accompany, what a lovely treat!  Breakfast the next morning was delicious, a lovely table by the window and so good to see the chef still cooking fried eggs at the cut off time for breakfast, no long-warmed up eggs here, all the items still looked fresh and delicious.  Room service this evening, too tired to go out",Date of stay: September 2013,5.0
2533,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2535-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Good hotel.,"This is one of these hotels that gets good or bad review depending on the purpose of peoples visit.   If you are attending something at Olympia it's great,  Kensington too, if you don't mind walking (it's about .7miles from the nearest tube).  There are plenty of buses which stop outside so it's well worth considering.  It isn't the most fashionable of Hilton's and could do with upgrading but if like us you are only sleeping there then it's fine.  The buffet breakfasts are great and you can eat plenty.  I can't comment on the rooms as we had a executive room which was spacious.  So,  if you want a clean, warm place to rest your head and a good breakfast this is the one for you.",Date of stay: August 2013,4.0
2534,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2535-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Not a Hilton,"This hotel does not remind you of a ""Hilton.""  It is located too far from the city center for normal tourist activities.  It's rooms are small and cramped; the staff is only average; the restaurant and bar are totally sterile and overpriced.  Luckily there is a Costa (Starbucks knockoff) coffee shop in the lobby for breakfast and a number of decent small restaurants nearby.",Date of stay: September 2013,3.0
2535,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2540-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Before and after cruise hotel,Room was small.  Bed hard.  Desk really to close to front door.  My purse was stolen as I waited to check in.  They had security cameras but of course the theft was not on the tape even though I was at the front desk.  They were helpful with getting in touch with the police.  There also was not enough restaurants in walking distant.  So we had to eat at the hotel with a limited menu.,Date of stay: August 2013,1.0
2536,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2540-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Okey hotel, location a bit off","Newly refurbished hotel. Rooms are comfortable. Lucky to get an upgraded corner room. The Lounge on the 2nd floor is cozy with good refreshments. Location a bit far off. Close to convention center, but far from everything else. a 15 min taxi ride to most places. Restaurant on 2nd floor is just okey. Not many places around to eat. A Tesco store is 10 mins walk.",Date of stay: July 2013,3.0
2537,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2540-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,make your own mind up,"We had done a trafalger 20 day tour round the UK & Ireland we had extra days in London in between doing a London Paris tour and we were booked in at this hotel, I read reviews on trip advisor and wondered what hotel we were booked into ,the reviews that were written were not at altogether true the first room we had was very noisy from exhaust fans out side windows we asked if we could change rooms which they did immediately after that we had no problems what so ever. good hotel  rooms were clean comfortable, breakfast catered for all nationalities food was more that adequate would stay there again staff were friendly and more than helpful, I got sick with chest infection hotel arranged for doctor to visit hotel to see me,",Date of stay: August 2013,4.0
2538,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2540-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Excellent Hotel,"My husband and I spent two nights at the Hilton London Olympia on August 18 and 19, before our Baltic cruise.  The hotel is most conveniently located and it's so easy to get to downtown London by bus; a 20 minute ride away.  The area around the hotel is also full of interesting attractions, shopping and restaurants.  Also, a short walk away is a stop for the ""Hop on Hop off"" tour bus, which we used for a full day to see the major sites.    The hotel is lovely and staff very friendly and helpful.  The concierge was of great assistance in directing us to buses and selling tickets to various attractions, including the ""Hop on Hop off"" bus, at the regular prices.  The room itself was very nice and quiet, with the most comfortable bed we've ever experienced in a hotel, with…",Date of stay: August 2013,5.0
2539,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2540-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,A nice hotel but it is a good 15-20 minutes walk from High Street Kensington Tube Station,"When we checked in our room was not ready.  She offered us an alternate room but said if we waited our room was much bigger.  We waited as we had no plans and our room was a good size, probably the largest of the hotels we stayed at over our time in London.  On this stay we stayed 4 nights.  The room as I mentioned was large with a dining table and chairs.  The room had tea and coffee facilities.  The bathroom was a decent size and was clean.  The rooms could do with an update and are starting to look tired and dated as were the hall ways.  The bar area and breakfast area were much more modern.  The breakfast was pretty good.  Wedding have any other meals to pass comment.  There was also a Costa Coffee in the hotel.  A big let down for us was that the hotel charged £15 a day for…",Date of stay: April 2013,3.0
2540,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2545-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Hilton,"good hotel, nice place to stay, good location, very nice service, but I think it should provide free internet access in rooms, not just in lobby ! Sounds a bit of stingy strategy to deny internet for all guests, considering these days everybody travels with its own equipment (laptop, tablets, mobiles, etc...)",,4.0
2541,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2545-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Good business hotel let down by distance from tube stations,"Overall I had a good stay here, but like others have commented there are some issues.  Positives Good size room Good shower Reasonably priced Friendly staff  Negatives Room not cleaned well A long way from main tube stations The lack of coffee early in the morning (the attached coffee show does not open until 0800)  Not sure I would stay here again on business unless I was visiting the Olympia exhibition centre.",,4.0
2542,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2545-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Great location,We stayed four days here. Location was great. Kensington and Hyde parks not too far away. Good public transport into central London.   Hotel a bit aged but clean and reasonable.  Staff friendly. We arrived here direct from the airport at 7am after a long flight. Hotel provided us with a short term room to shower and change.   Rooms reasonable size.   Would stay here again.,,3.0
2543,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2545-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"OK stay, but some issues","We stayed at the Hilton Olympia for five nights Aug 21 thru Aug 25 2013.  Unfortunately there were a few things which bothered us.  The fifth floor room we stayed in was quite small.  One can adjust to that but the room was on the side of the hotel facing the A3220, a busy route in London.  All night and day traffic noise.  Bath fixtures were showing signs of corrosion. Bathroom floor was badly stained,  Called maintenance twice to get toilet working.  Fifth floor corridors are in need of maintenance, showing their age.  Concierges and other staff were friendly and breakfast was fine.  We've stayed in Hiltons before which is why we opted to stay here.",,3.0
2544,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2545-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Fantastic Hotel,"The hotel is in a good position for both the Olympia Exhibition Hall and the Kensington Area. The rooms were a good size, very clean and comfortable The only problem is with reception, there never appears to be sufficient staff on duty to welcome guests and also check them out",,5.0
2545,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2550-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel but a little pricey for the area,"The hotel itself was nice and clean with a decent sized room.  However the location was very far from convenient tube stops.  The map makes it look like it is just 2 blocks from a tube but that tube is an above ground taht only runs on the weekend.  The closest true tube stop is a 15-20 minute walk.  There are not a ton of restaurants or bars in the area so it was hard to do anything around the hotel easily.  Also, the maid service is extremely loud in teh morning and the walls are very thin.  I was awakened by the person in the next room brushing their teeth at 6 am...the walls are really REALLY thin. But the staff was helpful and it was clean.  Still too pricey for being so far out of the way of transportation.",Date of stay: August 2013,3.0
2546,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2550-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Comfortable room, good meals","Needed one night accommodations before we took off on our cruise, so we didn't need a lot of fancy things.  The reception was friendly though a little slow, the twin beds were comfortable, the meals in the restaurant were very good.  We had a bathroom with a roll-in shower, and the entire bathroom flooded when we showered.  Had to turn down water pressure and/or roll up towels to make a sort of towel dike around the bottom of the shower curtain to keep it from flooding.  Hallways on each floor were not all on the same level as the level where the elevator stopped. Several steps were required at each floor if your room was on the lower level of that floor. That would be a problem for anyone assigned to a room on that lower level and for whom stairs are a challenge. Value was…",Date of stay: July 2013,4.0
2547,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2550-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Perfectly acceptable base for London visit,We stayed here for a London weekend trip.  The location is great just a 10 min walk from High St Kensington tube station and we walked to the museums within 30 mins door to door.  The reception greeting was friendly and whilst the room was small (expected at this price for London) it was clean and we had everything we needed.  We faced the road but I didn't think it was noisy and we live in the countryside.  Really nice pubs near by and the breakfast was great - loads of choice with both hot and cold.  We would definitely stay here again.,Date of stay: August 2013,3.0
2548,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2550-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel but very noisy,"I stayed here for a business trip this week and while the hotel is nice and clean, and of the standard you'd expect of a Hilton, it did not make for a good night's sleep. I was in room 302, facing the main road and it was extremely loud all night - I thought the windows were open it was that loud.  The breakfast, as always, is fantastic with so much choice - full English, continental, pastries, cereals, toast with any topping! Great. Staff were nice also. The gym is tiny - two treadmills, two cross trainers with a small weight bench. It was fine for me as I went early and there was only two others in there.  Location is good - 5 mintue walk from the Kensington Olympia station (NB: the tube only runs on weekends and events days so you have to get the overground to Olympia in the…",Date of stay: August 2013,3.0
2549,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2550-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Perfect hotel,"The hotel is perfect, the location is great and its far 10 mins. by bus to Westfield mall. The staff is friendly and specially Victoria she is working at  the breakfast room. The cleanliness of the room is good ,and the service is perfect.",Date of stay: August 2013,4.0
2550,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2555-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Poor check in service,"Was asked for ID and repeatedly if I had made a booking under someone else's name? Some confusion at the check-in desk and was made to feel like I was trying to take someone else's booking. Was not welcomed to the hotel and having Hilton Honours seems pointless as I was made to feel awkward when checking in. Would always choose to stay with the Hilton hotels given the choice, but not based on the check-in service at this hotel and given the price of the room, you might expect better.",Date of stay: August 2013,3.0
2551,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2555-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Excellent hotel,"Excellent and welcoming hotel, with an easy access to every thing in London. Bus station are just infornt, next to the hotel. Staff are very warm and welcoming, willing to do anything to satisfy the guest needs. Room have got all what you need, clean fresh linen, to absorb the fatigue of the day. Recommend it , very reasonable price for a London hotel.",Date of stay: August 2013,5.0
2552,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2555-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Outdated,"Despite that most of the rooms have been renovated, the renovation seems to be limited to the bedrooms. The batchrooms are still in a very bad shape. In addition there are constant issues with the water pressure. Quality of food is just average. Housekeeping is slow and lacks attention to details.",Date of stay: August 2013,2.0
2553,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2555-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel,"Stayed here for 2 nights. Very clean hotel and the staff on reception are very friendly and helpful. We weren't supposed to be able to check in till around 3pm, however we arrived around 11am and we were quickly allocated a room. The room was spatious and had a lovely king sized bed, the pillows were soooo comfortable. Had a bit of a problem with the shower (was unpredictable when it wanted to work) but this wasn't a massive issue as we just bared the trinkle of water.  There is a Costa joint onto the hotel which is perfect if you haven't got breakfast included in your package.   The Olympia overground station is a 5 minute walk however there are only a few trains that actually go here, we usually got the tube to Shepards Bush then whereever we needed to go from there. Earls…",Date of stay: August 2013,4.0
2554,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2555-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Excellent Hotel,"Stayed here with my parents and we were looking for a comfortable hotel in a good location for Olympia and the city. This was it. Wouldn't stay anywhere else for Olympia access and into London with a bus stop on the doorstep. Impressed with the professionalism of the staff in the hotel. Breakfast could not be faulted, both the food, service and attentive staff made it a breakfast experience, nothing was too much trouble. Rooms were spotless and the Hilton standards were emphasised. Thank you for such a lovely stay. ",Date of stay: August 2013,4.0
2555,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2560-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Its a bit posh,"Service was helpful and very good, they repaired the air con. quickly with  no fuss.  Breakfast good if a little crowded at 8am. very clean and comfortable. Pity I could not get a vat receipt. As I was working at Olympia it was a 3 minute walk there. Handy for bus, tube and overground train.                     ",Date of stay: August 2013,4.0
2556,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2560-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,The Best In Everything,"Excellent rooms, Friedly staff, Very Helpful Concierge, First Class breakfast, Very Clean. I enjoyed my stay especially the location which allows convenient trasportation to all central locations in London without having noisy heavy traffic at the hotel location itself. One of the best hotels in Europe in terms of real value considering service, quality of rooms and food served.",Date of stay: May 2013,5.0
2557,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2560-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Go here for the location,"Hilton London Olympia is has an ideal address for the London business or leisure traveller. Its location in the Kensington High Street provides easy access to almost any mode of transport and is close to restaurants and shopping centers. Service is good, especially at the concierge.  The rooms are rather small but functional. Couple of tips as you checkin:  1. Better to avoid the rooms near the elevator as they are closer to the street side and can get noisy with the traffic even late at night.  2. Make sure you buy the breakfast vouchers ahead of time. These are discounted and come in handy in the morning. Besides, it is strange that they will refuse to seat you at the breakfast table until you've fully paid for the buffet (even though you're a hotel guest shelling out 300…",Date of stay: July 2013,4.0
2558,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2560-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Don't Buy The Breakfast,"We stayed for 2 nights and had no issues with the room itself.  But we did buy the buffet style hot breakfast they offered at check-in and paid in advance.  When we went down for breakfast on both days, we found we couldn't get near the food because of the number of people in that area, and when we did, there was little food left to choose from and it was either overcooked or cold.  Although it sounded like a great deal at check-in, it definitely wasn't worth the money, and we would have been better off going elsewhere for breakfast.  Also, elevators could be easily tied up in the mornings, so if checking out, ensure you give yourself a bit of extra time, if you need to use the elevators for luggage, etc.",Date of stay: August 2013,3.0
2559,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2560-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Large well run hotel but rooms very variable,"As a result of a booking error, I stayed here on two consecutive weekends.  On the first one, I ended up in a nasty little room whose window overlooked a light well.  The second time, I had the planned upgraded room, which was rather better.  So my advice is to avoid the standard rooms.  Both rooms were clean, but would benefit from some redecoration; the colour scheme was somewhat outdated.  The location is excellent when attending events at Olympia and easy to reach by train at Kensington Olympia and by bus from most other parts of London.  The Underground service to Kensington Olympia only runs at weekends though, which is not helpful in the week!  Check-in staff were efficient and helpful.  Breakfast was slightly chaotic, with some queues for the hot food, but on the whole…",Date of stay: April 2013,4.0
2560,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2565-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Good central hotel,Good hotel slightly expensive but not too far from west end and Hyde park Caught bus from Euston  to get there 15mins ride tube station round corner So easy travel round lLondon  Good hotel if you can get a deal onit,Date of stay: July 2013,4.0
2561,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2565-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Honest stay,"It is definitely convenient for those that attend events in Olympia , otherwise getting at central London is a challenge . If you don't want to pay big amounts of money for taxis then bus is the alternative which is overcrowded almost ever time . Underground is not the case here- have to walk for ten minutes - a quick walker- to reach Kensington high street station. Rooms are quite small and average. Too much carpet . Small washroom but clean. Food and drinks good both a t the restaurant or the bar. Polite staff.",Date of stay: November 2012,3.0
2562,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2565-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Great location and customer service but poor room quality,"My family and I very recently stayed at this hotel for a couple of nights during midweek. I had business to attend to in London and my family wanted to go on a summer shopping spree. I needed a hotel in the Kensington area of London and purchased the two double rooms via a popular website using the Secret Hotel option.  I called the hotel the day before our arrival to confirm the booking. The phone call was answered quickly and efficiently, which, in my books, is an indication of good customer service. I was not disappointed.  The hotel is very strategically located in the western part of High Street Kensington (a hotpoint for high street shopping) leading westwards to Hammersmith. Less than 20 yards in front of the hotel, you can catch the bus number 10. Its route goes east…",Date of stay: August 2013,3.0
2563,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2565-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,A great Hilton in a great location.,"Me and my partner have stayed at this Hilton three times in the past 2 years and it has yet to disappoint us.   We've been upgraded for free, when rooms have been available.  Staff have always been polite and approachable.    The location is great if you're staying for the exhibition centre down the road.",Date of stay: October 2012,4.0
2564,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2565-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,What A HORRIBLE Experience! My Only & Last Hilton Experience,"This hotel is a total embarrassment for the Hilton Hotel Chain! We had no heat but a space heater (fire hazard) was provided. The toilet was busted and would not flush. The shower would not work, but there was hot water if you waited long enough. This is hotel must be avoided, there are a couple zillion hotel rooms in London ... do not stay at this place. The location sucks, the staff was a ""sorry"" group of individuals none representing a major hotel chain such as HILTON. Spending the night in the Tower of London in winter would be more comfortable and accommodating. I think Anne Bolyn would prefer the Tower to this scary place. This is without-a-doubt the worst hotel in Europe ... maybe on the while planet! Stay somewhere else ... even sleeping in a tube station offers more…",Date of stay: June 2013,1.0
2565,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2570-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,An embarrassment to the whole Hilton chain,"In May 2013 we took a Trafalgar tour of Wales, England and Scotland that started in London and included 2 days at the Hilton Olympia.  We booked 3 additional days at this hotel through Trafalgar since my partner had not been to London and we wanted to really see the sites prior to the bus portion of the tour.  We paid Trafalgar $300 per day for the additional 3 days and expected that this would be a decent hotel.  As others have said in their reviews, the lobby is the best part of the hotel.  It was cold in London and we had no heat in our room.  After 3 separate visits by maintenance employees, another appeared at the door with a plug in space heater and stated that the heat in our room could not be fixed.  Our experience with the plumbing was just as bad.  I do floor exercises…",Date of stay: May 2013,1.0
2566,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2570-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Fantastic Stay,Excellent hotel.  Fantastic facilities and staff who are extremely helpful and provide fantastic service.   Hotel in superb area with various transport links to main attraction areas i.e. theatres shopping (Oxford St).,Date of stay: July 2013,5.0
2567,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2570-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Good value for money, but not top Hilton","If you get a really good price - go for it. Breakfast was not fantastic (it was the simplest buffet among the London Hilton Hotels I've stayed in so far) but it's basic down to earth and does its job (i e you're not hungry when you leave). Staff is very friendly, the rooms look quite nice but the plumbing sucks and the windows will let you hear e-v-e-r-y-t-h-i-n-g that goes on in the street. Bring earplugs or ask for a room that doesn't face Kensington High St. The view is not very interesting anyway.  Other from this? Kensington is a lovely area and you will find good shopping and nice restaurants in the vicinity. It takes ca 10 minutes to walk to the underground, but buses 9, 10 and 27 will take you to/from the station - they are very frequent. Extra plus for the high quality…",Date of stay: July 2013,3.0
2568,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2570-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Great location!,"The Hotel was recently upgraded and is significantly warmer and inviting than it was prior to the 2012 Olympics. The most significant benefit of staying here is its location. Even though parking can be an issue, it's walking distance from High street Kensington,Hammersmith Westfield Mall, tube stations, bus stations and train stations. As you walk in most often than not you will be greeted by friendly and efficient staff. The lifts are small and can be a long wait if there is a crowd. The rooms are clean and comfortable with good water pressure and good temperature control. Flat screen tv.Make sure you request for the large rooms. Breakfast is good with great staff who are very attentive. Overall I would recommend this hotel for all kinds of travellers.",Date of stay: July 2013,3.0
2569,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2570-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Super Weekend Break,"Stayed at Hilton Olympia; Hotel was lovely, staff friendly, welcoming and helpful, lovely breakfasts!. Main reason for trip was to attend Hyper Japan event at Earls Court Exhibition Centre, and the hotel was about 10 minutes walk from here. Nearest tube station was Kensington Olympia, but only a restricted service here. Kensington High Street had lots of shops/restaurants. Really enjoyed stay & would recommend hotel to others.",Date of stay: July 2013,5.0
2570,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2575-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Bit disappointed really,"Having stayed at the Wembley Hilton the previous night - we were a bit disappointed in the Olympia one.  We had booked the same standard of room at the same price, but there was no comparison in either the size or the facilities.  The first room we were given had no bath so we had to change. The hotel just looked a bit 'tired' and in need of a bit of tlc or redecoration.  We wanted to eat before going to the theatre but the restaurant didnt open till 6pm so we had a bar meal was was just about ok but nothing special and there wasnt much choice.  On the plus side the bed was very comfortable and of course the room was spotless.  We did stay here a year ago and were a bit disappointed this year.  Having said all this - the staff are all very friendly and helpful.",Date of stay: July 2013,3.0
2571,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2575-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Great value - would definitely stay here again!,"We booked through Hotwire and ended up here by allocation. We only paid £60 per night and stayed on the 3rd floor in a large, comfortable room. My boyfriend had stayed a few weeks earlier and said his first room had been renovated, but there was no issue with the one we had which hadn't been, it was fine.  Well equipped, comfy bed, bathroom with a bath but incredibly expensive minibar - bottled water for nearly £4!! Just go to the sainsburys downstairs.   In contrast to the negative comments on location, we found it easy to get about, just show your tube travel card and you can hop on and off the buses, we found them really handy and not too busy either as they seem to run every minute or so to the underground station.  Great location for seeing London, we covered loads in our…",Date of stay: July 2013,4.0
2572,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2575-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Very average,"We were not very impressed at all. The hotel was a 'secret hotel' and we were excited when we got it. However, the hall ways smelt of damp, the room was very small (we could cope with that) and it was extremly HOT! The air con was really not u to scratch and the bathroom was old and a bit grotty. I would have been gutted if we had paid full price as it was not up to standards. The worst part was the walls are paper thin and someone tried to get into our room with their key card at 5:50am, it may have been next door and if so that certainly shows how thin the walls are! Then someone knocking at 7am despite the do not disturb sign! My family were staying in the hotel also and house keeping barged into their room at 8:30am on a sunday morning?!? check out is at 12pm so why are they…",Date of stay: July 2013,3.0
2573,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2575-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,AN OK STAY,"Just returned from here after spending a 2 night weekend there. Check in was very quick, as was checkout, both by very pleasant staff. Booked a deluxe room, but it was no where near the standard as shown on their website. Whilst it was clean, the decor and furnishings were very old and dated and the bed creaked everytime you turned over.  We stayed in room 315 which was very quiet and away from traffic noise, but had a wonderful view of air conditioning units!!! Everything functioned and the shower was hot and powerful.  However, the curtains were very difficult to close as they were hanging off the rails!!!   Breakfast provided a very good choice, but could have done with being hotter. We walked from Kensignton High Street Station every time, as we found it to be easier to get…",Date of stay: July 2013,3.0
2574,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2575-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,This is not 4-star hotel quality. Not even close.,"The room is over-priced (even for London standards). The room was messy, the carpet was old, the bed sheets didn't even cover the mattress. Nothing is included. 15 pounds for 24 hours of WI-FI? No thank-you. The mattress was old and leaned hard to one side. You practically had to buckle yourself in. There were wires hanging from the ceiling. I've never stayed in a worse hotel in my life. The location is OK, though. We stayed at a hostel in London which exceeded in every way what this 4-star hotel offered.",Date of stay: July 2013,1.0
2575,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2580-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,5 star staff,"Stayed in room 637 for 5 nights and what a treat , everything you need and housekeeping do a superb job , breakfast was outstanding and staff making the service seem effortless and nothing was too much trouble , every member of staff we encountered was friendly and smiling so well done you guys , would stay again for sure when we visit London again , ps air con was great in the sweltering heat and also a special mention for the fantastic meal we had on our first night in the hotel restaurant , thank you",Date of stay: July 2013,5.0
2576,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2580-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Average - nothing outstanding but fine if you must stay here,"Stayed here with Trafalgar tours - it's a big hotel, fairly spacious rooms for London, so I can see why tour companies use this hotel, but it's not what I would call a centrally located hotel.  Breakfast was excellent and the staff, especially at the concierge desk, were exceptional.  A bit far from the Kensington High Street tube stop, a 15/20 minute walk, but it's really not that bad and buses can take you as well and run frequently.  Lot's of restaurants and shopping nearby and if you want to visit Windsor Castle the bus stop is practically across the street (about a 40 minute ride).  Whatever you do, don't take your own bags to your room.  You'll have to go up and down several small sets of stairs, on carpet, and you might kill yourself - have the porters do it and give them…",Date of stay: July 2013,3.0
2577,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2580-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Over the Hil-ton,"Distinctly average. Had a gloomy, viewless room with an old bath and a leaking toilet. Nothing special about this hotel apart from its close proximity to Olympia and the Overground station (NB the District Line tube only runs at weekends).",Date of stay: July 2013,3.0
2578,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2580-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,It's ok if you want something close to central London,This hotel has pretty old furnishings for the rooms. They are a bit cramped. Breakfast is ok. Beware that the address is around 20 minutes walk from High Street Kensington station (Circle line) so not really easy when wheeling/carrying luggage in summer heat. Not particularly easy to get to from Heathrow either actually. This place really needs a renovation of the rooms!,Date of stay: July 2013,3.0
2579,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2580-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Know the hotel well,I worked opposite this hotel for 10years befor moving to the US.   As I was here in a business trip I did not take a look at the pool which is a requirement for my 4 year old.   However hotel was nice clean and staff were helpful.   Loads of place to eat near by or a short 10 min walk away on Kensington High Street.   Tube station is a 10 min easy nice walk away as well.   Breakfast has enough choices to keep all family members happy. ,Date of stay: July 2013,5.0
2580,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2585-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Only next to olympia exhibition center,Old hotel touched up for the olympics.Concierge staff very good.fish and chips from the room service is  good roomservice staff also good.Rooms are small and basic.Televison and WIFI reception is very poor in some rooms.Nothing is closeby except the Olympia exhibition center.Buffet breakfast is good.Over the phone  make sure you are not talking to a trainee if you need any assistance. No tourist attraction or shopping closeby.,Date of stay: July 2013,3.0
2581,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2585-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Clean, convenient and comfortable","After reading many of these negative reviews, we were pleasantly surprised with our experience in early July.  Nice sized room, well appointed....... We arrived early after an all night flight and were allowed to check in around 10am.  Buses stop right outside the door from/to central city and close to Hammersmith for LHR.  Hey this isn't the Savoy and it's not next to Big Ben, but if you book LastMinute/Hotwire/Priceline etc you aren't paying huge $$$/£££ either.  Clean, convenient and comfortable and a good value for London; it gets my recommendation.",Date of stay: July 2013,4.0
2582,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2585-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,A great hotel to stay - since the changes!,3 years ago I stayed at this Hotel and considered it the worst Hilton in London. I have always avoided it since.   I had to use this hotel this week and amazed that this hotel has been renovated to a high standard. The room was excellent and coped well with the high temperatures - 32C. I had a very restful night's sleep for an important morning meeting.  This breafast was great and all the staff I dealt with  were very helpful and pleasant.  In the evening I went to the West End and on the way back I took a Boris Bike. All the Boris bike docking stations were full around the Hotel - ended up at Westfield Shopping Mall to get rid of my Boris bicycle.  The hotel bar was a great place to wind down from this experience.  I will not get a Boris bike back to this hotel again!  Thanks…,Date of stay: July 2013,5.0
2583,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2585-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,You could do worse,"This hotel is pretty standard for the chain: reasonably well-appointed rooms (with a bathtub in mine, a real treat in London) and a sort of empty lounge-type feel -- not super welcoming, but not dodgy or scary either. Middle class respectability. It's a fair hike from the hotel to the Kensington High Street tube station - took me about a 15-minute walk. I don't really have any complaints, but it's nothing stellar either. Like I said, you could do much worse.",Date of stay: November 2012,3.0
2584,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2585-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Very dated and not very clean,We stayed for 6 nights and felt that we could have done better than that for value. The bed smelt like the sheets had heavy sweating on it before. Yuck! Slept with no sheets on and turn up the heating on the room airconditioner. Hotel is gloomy and looks dated.  About the only good thing this hotel has to offer is the excellent concierge.  Extremely helpful and friendly!,Date of stay: July 2013,3.0
2585,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2590-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Hilton London Olympia hotel,"Before I begin let me say I dont like saying anything negative about a company.  That being said,  I hope that someone else benefits from the information I have provided to help you make a wise vacation decision.  I booked a room for my family July 1,2 at a cost of 555 per night for 3 people (my wife myself and my kid) as part of a package by carnival Cruise lines. Total cost was $1110.00 . Probably one of the most expensive hotels I ever booked Here is what I found   The room is small for what I paid there should have been more room.    The hotel wheeled in a portable bed for my kid he is 6' 2"" and his legs hung over the bed about one foot.  The room was clean but that is to be expected from any hotel.   We were not allowed to check into our room until 3pm but I arrived as part…",Date of stay: July 2013,2.0
2586,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2590-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Reasonable option for Kensington Olympia,"I stayed here for four nights last week.  It's a perfectly reasonable, if somewhat underwhelming hotel.  As with other Hiltons that I have stayed at, it feels a little under-staffed, with queues at reception and waiting times to check-inout of 5-10 minutes.    The general ambiance in the reception area is a little gloomy, and there are usually large tour parties and aircrew in transit milling around, making it feel crowded.  Once beyond the reception, the corridors leading to bedrooms feel a little tired - some frayed carpets and marked woodwork, etc.  The room I was allocated was perfectly ok, clean and tidy, decent (small) bathroom and well-serviced each day.  I can't comment on the bar or restaurant, as I didn't visit either.  The hotel is right next door to Kensington…",Date of stay: July 2013,3.0
2587,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2590-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,I would stay again,"Comfortable hotel, about ten minutes from Kensington High Street tube.  The rooms are comfortable and well equipped with hair dryer (with nozzle!), steam iron, bath and shower and nice toiletries.  Beds are really comfortable with feather duvets and pillows.  Staff very friendly too.  I would stay again.",Date of stay: July 2013,4.0
2588,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2590-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Great Brekkie and Bar.,Rooms were average but clean.  Thank god for air con as it was so hot and the window was useless as only facing a wall!! Stayed as a group of girls on a hen party.  It is also ideal for Westfield shopping CRT and earls court.  We had an issue with our rooms but were dealt with promptly and efficiently.  The Brekkie was buffet style and there was a great selection.  God could have been a little bit warmer but no real complaints n that front.  A member of house keeping broke the soap dish in our bathroom and decided the best thing to do would be to leave it in the middle of the bath???????? Ridiculous.  But after notifying the reception desk they sent the most lovely maintenance man up to help us.  Overall no major issues and a nice hotel especially for groups ,Date of stay: July 2013,3.0
2589,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2590-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Good location & staff,"We booked this hotel as we were attending the Wimbledon championships and knew it was relatively close to the tube line. A very good deal on one of the main booking websites won us over.  I had never stayed in a Hilton hotel before and was curious to see the level of service on offer.  Check in was very good, with extremely helpful staff on the front desk. In fact the staff we encountered throughout the stay were all excellent, a request for additional tea & coffee supplies was dealt with promptly and with great courtesy.  The room was good but I did feel that it was in need of some modernisation. The bathroom should definitely get a makeover, the ceiling in the bathroom was extremely low and whilst standing in the bath for a shower I felt quite cramped - anyone taller than me…",Date of stay: June 2013,4.0
2590,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2595-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Went for location,"We arrived to find a double bed when requested twin for my daughter and I, the room also reeked of cigarette smoke. The hotel was full but we were upgraded to an executive room,  very nice, and we were allowed this room for second nights stay as well.",Date of stay: July 2013,4.0
2591,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2595-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,AVOID AT ALL COSTS!,"Have unfortunately had the experience of staying here several times, each time worse than the time before.  The rooms are small, dirty and dark.  The air conditioning is hit or miss!  The wifi is almost non existent in many rooms.  The last straw was ordering room service.  One hour after placing the order, nothing.  I called again.  One hour 45 min later still no food.  I called to speak with a mgr and was denied.  My message would be relayed.  As the highest HHONORS Member they offered me a free beverage for my 2 hour delay.  The mgr on duty could not even call to apologise.  Truly a pathetic hotel.  Surly front desk as well.  AVOID AT ALL COSTS!!",Date of stay: July 2013,1.0
2592,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2595-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Worst stay ever,"This was by far the worst experience I have ever encountered. Unprofessional staff, dirty bathroom, noisy rooms where you cannot sleep because of the traffic even when the windows are shut. In my experience you can have a cheaper hotel at better service all round.",Date of stay: July 2013,1.0
2593,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2595-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Not hilton standard,"The hotel looks old and run down, rooms are tiny, the air conditioning did not work properly..   Went into the bar and the table was filled with crumbs & the waitress took 25 mins to come give us menus & a further 20 mins to come back and clean the table -bearing in mind the place was pretty empty.   Location was good & the staff were friendly & helpful. Breakfast was good. ",Date of stay: July 2013,3.0
2594,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2595-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Shocking service and attitude,"Despite a good location and reasonable bar and lobby areas, the service from the check in staff was not just poor it was downright rude with a bad attitude.  No please or thank you, no smile or welcome and when we asked for directions to the nearest ATM she simply shrugged and curled her lip, we later found that there was actually an ATM in the lobby of the hotel! Not really the level of service you expect from a Hilton. Greta is not a great greeter! the room was ok ,but the bathroom was very tired with the shower rail literally hanging off the wall.  We tried the bar which was ok but £25 for 2 x vodka and tonics is a bit OTT and is comparable price to trendy clubs which this hotel cannot compare itself to on any level. I've been a Hilton customer through work for years but this…",Date of stay: July 2013,2.0
2595,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2600-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,A Hilton of its own,"I have stayed several times in this Hilton for the past ten years.  I prefer it for its convenience to reach to the city center and its price fortunately.  The negative side is that the quality is getting worse and worse every time.  To give a few examples like, the arrogant attitude of the reception staff or the general quality of the rooms with respect to the size, decoration and the quality of the bathrooms.  Even if it is one of the cheapest Hilton' s in the city center, still it bares the name Hilton which must accompany at least a certain level of quality.  For the ones that are curious about, please look at the attached photograph I took in my room' s bathroom.",Date of stay: July 2013,2.0
2596,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2600-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Really nice and comfortable hotel - breakfast could be better!,"I was staying here while I worked at an event at Olympia and I was happy to discover my company had booked me into here.  I got the tube to Kensington High Street and walked to the hotel which wasn't too bad as the weather was nice. As you'd expect, all of the public areas are nicely presented and check-in was uneventful.  As it was a really hot day I went to the room and turned the air-conditioning on to the coldest it could be and was pleasantly surprised to feel cold air coming out of the vents almost immediately. The rooms are very nicely furnished and the bed was extremely comfortable with lovely pillows and what felt like a high quality duvet so I slept really well throughout my stay.  I do have some gripes about the hotel which are things that could easily be improved.  …",Date of stay: July 2013,4.0
2597,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2600-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,A comfortable Hilton - recommended,I have stayed at the Hilton London Olympia several times and have never been let down. It is well located for Kensington High St and you can travel into London via Earls Court or on the Routemaster No 9 bus!  The drawback is the cost of the car-park - £35/day which you need to factor into the cost.  the lounge is very pleasant and the breakfast is superb.,Date of stay: July 2013,4.0
2598,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2600-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Not Hilton Quality,"We stayed at this hotel recently, as it was close to the conference center, but it didn't live up to the Hilton name.  We opted for a ""Deluxe Room"", but got a tiny room, and were told by reception, that this was an upgraded room because it came with bathrobes (only got 1, though) and slippers!  The room, bathroom, and hallways looked very worn.  In the shower there was a large rectangle of tiles that looked like they were removed and then pasted back in.  The ceiling in the shower was so low down, that I barely cleared the shower head (and I'm quite short).  When we tried to order movies on the TV in the room, we were told that we first had to go down the desk to show our credit card, despite the fact that we obviously had to do this on arrival.  We asked the concierge for help…",Date of stay: June 2013,2.0
2599,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2600-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Friendly but noisy,"On our second trip to London we stayed at the Hilton Olympia. We found the rates to be quite attractive for London however we soon found out that even though the location was convenient the sirens all night long made it difficult to sleep. We even moved from the 3rd floor to the 7th but it did not make a difference. Also, the Wifi is only available in the Lobby which made planning a bit inconvenient since neither my husband nor I have an international data plan. The staff members were lovely however I would not stay here again primarily becuase of the street noise.",Date of stay: July 2013,3.0
2600,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2605-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Highly recommendable,"Very nice hotel, service and rooms are very good, also the breakfast buffet; only negative aspect was the noise of Kensington High which appeared to run right past my window in the 7th floor!  But nevertheless, I would stay there again but in a room facing away from the main road.",Date of stay: July 2013,5.0
2601,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2605-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Good value for London,"It's not the most luxurious Hilton I've ever seen, and as others have mentioned, the location right by Olympia at the end of Kensington High St is maybe not the most convenient. However there are loads of buses running past and the overground as well as the intermittent tube service there. If you're not carrying loads of bags, the walk from High St Ken is ok. Our room was fine, pretty small and a nice view of the heating system but it was recently decorated and comfortable. I could put up with these minor things because the hotel was about half the price of anywhere comparable in the centre of town. Crummy little places down dodgy streets often cost this amount. London is very expensive to stay and here we were able to stay in West London for the price of a Kings Cross…",Date of stay: May 2013,4.0
2602,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2605-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Decent Stay,"Con's: bed was uncomfortable, hallways smelled strongly of mold, tv remote was not easy to use, no opening window/sliding glass door for ventilation, no recycling, expensive internet access - did not bother  Pro's: public transit, getting to parts of London is easy, bathroom was awesomely clean, room was cute  via bus, olympia overground or walking, and room was just the right size for one person, staff were very helpful, exquisite breakfast, towels were HUGE, great gift shop  I will be staying here again.  Hope they iron out the hallway smell problem.",Date of stay: July 2013,4.0
2603,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2605-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Very nice hotel,"We were very happy with this hotel.  The rooms were organized and clean.  The bathrooms were clean with provided soap and shampoo.  We were with a group, so buffet breakfast was included daily and it was more than enough with a good selection.  WiFi is free, but only in the lobby.  The staff was friendly and helpful. There is a concierge onsite and he was helpful with learning how to get around the city.  The hotel ils located within a few minutes walking of a tube station (Kensington Olympia) and there is a bus t (#22) that runs up and down Kensington High Road that can get you around quite nicely.  I would most certainly consider staying here again.  Most certainly up to expectations for a Hilton property",Date of stay: June 2013,5.0
2604,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2605-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,pleasant stay,"Clean, comfortable in a good location. We enjoyed our stay even though the underground station was our of action on the day we stayed here. The room was very comfortable and clean. The shower a bit restrictive to taller people as it could not be raise to a height to give a shower overhead. A good choice at breakfast but the melon was a bit old and one toaster not working.",Date of stay: June 2013,4.0
2605,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2610-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Kensington Olympia 29th June 2013,I had two problems : the window in our room would not shut properly and the ceiling in the bathroom was ridiculously low.  My husband is 6ft 3ins and could not stand up straight whilst in the shower.  I am an average height of 5ft 5in and even I hit the ceiling with my hand I washed myself. On the plus side the breakfast we had was vey good with a very varied choice of food and the quality was good.  There was definitely something for everyone.,Date of stay: June 2013,3.0
2606,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2610-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,London Hilton Olympia,"This was our bed-and-breakfast base for a day out at the Wimbledon tennis.  Our rooms were satisfactory (though the early-bird London traffic did wake us up) and the breakfast more than adequate.  We tried the fitness centre, which was cramped and somewhat dilapidated.  The hotel is advertised as being a 5-minute walk from Olympia tube station, which is true; but not a great help since there are no trains to it on weekdays (or on the weekend of our stay).  So we walked the 15-20min to High Street Kensington station instead, which was dangerous as the route took us past several apparently-attractive shops.",Date of stay: July 2013,3.0
2607,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2610-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Good Location,"I liked the location of this hotel as on Kensington High Street with lots of action going on. Bus stops outside if you don't want to walk but I enjoyed the walk.  The hotel has seen better days and is badly in need of some updating. Rooms are small and tired looking. The first bathroom although updated smelt musty and we were moved to another room.  Did not eat in the hotel, many restaurants nearby.  No free computers for guests to use. Walked down to the local library and was able to use them there. My son used the free Wifi in the lobby. Also no public telephone to use, ( I am used to having these in the Lobby). The telephone over the road was cards only but did find one two blocks away. I dislike charges for long distance calls from the hotel so never use them.",Date of stay: October 2012,3.0
2608,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2610-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Tired and run down,Stayed here at the end of May as it was close to Olympia and a trade show I was attending.  Room was small and adequate but in no way was it 4 stars!   Wifi is available free in specific public areas but in the room it was £17/18 for 24 hours from memory - simply blatant profiteering.  Had some emails to catch up on so went down to the spacious bar on the mez level above reception and ordered a glass of wine - £11.95 for 250ml!  Just glad I didn't eat there.  On the + side staff were friendly on the whole but won't be back.  Hilton (or Starwoods or whoever owns you) you need to make some investment in the place.,Date of stay: May 2013,3.0
2609,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2610-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Average,"We stayed at the Hilton Olympia for two nights in June as a couple, for events / sightseeing in London. Location is reasonable, about 15-20 mins walk from Kensington High St Tube Station.   On check in we were upgraded to a executive double room, although, I could not really see the difference between this and the deluxe. The room was nice, modern and comfortable. We only had one problem which was a faulty iron which leaked everywhere, but this was quickly replaced when reported. Staff were friendly and helpful throughout our stay.   The breakfast buffet was good. We did not have any other meals in the hotel.  The main issue was that the hotel have A-boards advertising their fish and chips, and on returning to the hotel for a drink in the bar after an evening out, there was a…",Date of stay: June 2013,3.0
2610,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2615-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Hotel needs a refurb, worst Hilton room I've had in a long time","As a Diamond HHonors member, I am usually well looked after. Not at this Hilton, I spent two nights in a single room (no upgrade available), Room was dingy and in need of a refurb. A very busy hotel that can charge high prices and stay full because of location. I will look around next time as there are much better hotels for the price close by. I will submit a separate review about the average and expensive food.",Date of stay: June 2013,3.0
2611,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2615-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"London Hilton, Olympia",A nice stay on a very efficient location near the Olympia exhibition center. On walking distance of public transport and exhibition center. Public transport frequency on nearest railway station is however limited.,Date of stay: January 2013,5.0
2612,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2615-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,No hot water in the mornings,"5 days of my 14 day stay there was no hot water.  Room smelled and was very noisy.  I am a Diamond Member having already stayed over 60 nights in 2013 at Hiltons.  Imagine if this is what I dealt with at this hotel, what a non Diamond Member must have to endure!",Date of stay: June 2013,1.0
2613,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2615-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,thumb down,"currently staying in the hotel and this is the worst experience i had, room that was committed to me on the phone were never there, i booked smoking rooms in executive area and at the time of check in i was told no room in that area is executive but they will give me smoking room with all the facilities of executive room and i was given a small cage with no complimentary water or toiletries which was committed.  next day i asked to shift me to non smoking but the executive room, i was told yes that is fine and they will shift my language too, sounds perfect right ?? when i came back in the hotel asked the girl on the front desk about my room and where my luggage is and this little question took 45 Min,finally i was given a key but i was sent to a wrong room i inserted the key…",Date of stay: July 2013,2.0
2614,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2615-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Very average and worth trying elsewhere,Stayed here when attending a trade show at Olympia but wish I had shopped around a bit. Normally I get an upgrade at Hilton due to status but as this place was full I didn't get anything. Most hiltons usually chuck in free drinks token or something by way of recompense. No such luck here so I got a fairly small and no frills room. Didn't eat or drink anything but did notice the gym. Very small and would disappoint all but the most desperate gun bunny. Given wealth of alternates including other hiltons in London I suggest trying somewhere else first. Even possibly the metropole!,Date of stay: June 2013,3.0
2615,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2620-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Convenient & lovely hotel,"This was our second trip into London and this time we wanted to stay outside of the touristy areas, the Hilton Olympia was very affordable and rather convenient when using the bus, there was a stop just outside the door.  The coffee shop attached to the hotel was very good, as was the hotel restaurant/bar.  There isn't too much to do in the general vicinity, there's a few pubs down the road past Olympia station that were quite good and fun.  Overall, this was a great hotel choice if you want to be out of the center of it, yet still convenient!  Rooms were large, clean and comfortable!",Date of stay: October 2012,4.0
2616,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2620-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Birthday trip,"I stayed at this hotel for a Trafalgar tour.  It is clean, had a restaurant, breakfast included, and a Costa coffee shop attached.  The room was big, great toiletries, towels, teapot, etc.  Bed was a bit hard, but nice pillows. Service was good in the dining room for breakfast, lobby staff helpful.  There was a bus stop right across the street very convenient.  You could walk to shops, Pubs, movie theatre and good restaurants.  Kensington Palace was  a15 minute walk or less. Easy cab ride to Harrods, theatre or you could take the bus or metro was a good 20 min. walk.  Very convenient, nice neighborhood.  I would recommend it to other U.S travelers.",Date of stay: May 2013,4.0
2617,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2620-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Hilton London Olympia,"Hotel and room were excellent, staff very helpful, room clean, food very good.  However, 1st floor room facing Hammersmith Road was very noisy all night due to traffic noise.  No hot water in morning between 07:30 and 09:00.  Otherwise, nice hotel.",Date of stay: June 2013,4.0
2618,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2620-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Excellent hotel,"I booked this hotel for a post cruise package. Room was a good size, but the mattresses are old and need to be replaced. There is a bus stop in front of the hotel and another one a few steps away and the underground is about 10 minutes away. Just take bus 9 or 10 and stop by the underground to go to the touristic places. Service was perfect and check in was fast.  It was my birthday and the hotel surprised me with a bottle of wine, chocolate muffin, strawberries and mineral water. Nice! The breakfast (included) was excellent with a great variety and their coffee was delicious. My only complaint... Wifi was only available in the lobby. I'll book this hotel again in the future.",Date of stay: June 2013,5.0
2619,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2620-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Decent stay in a nice neighborhood, rated good stay","This hotel is one of the regular hotels used by trafalgar tour packages.  I started my trafalgar tour in London at this hotel.  the rooms were a little small but as I was a single it wasn't that much of a problem.  there isn't a lot of activity around the hotel and some construction due to the new building being built across the street.  As others have mentioned, it is a 15-20 minute walk to the kensington underground station and maybe a few minutes longer to go the other way to get to the hammersmith underground station.  There is a kensington olympia station about 5 minutes away but not many routes stop at this station.  there are buses that pass by the hotel, most notably the number 9 and 10 buses that can get you into central london.  not a large selection of eateries in the…",Date of stay: May 2013,4.0
2620,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2625-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Hilton Olympia - London,"Hotel was 15-20 mins away from closest underground, which was not good.  However, the area in London was very safe to walk in at all hours.  The room was clean and a good size, but the matress was ols and needed to be replaced.  The only free wifi was in the lobby area and the connection was not good.  The breakfest was great and well worth the money.",Date of stay: June 2013,3.0
2621,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2625-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Would never stay here again,"Good: comfy beds, good reading lights, big towels, friendly staff.  Bad:  teeny tiny rooms, very noisy (even tho we were on the top floor) air con didn't work(tried to repair twice), housekeeping ignored do not disturb sign, free Internet in lobby only - otherwise ridiculously high per day cost - a 2 1/2 star hotel.",Date of stay: June 2013,2.0
2622,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2625-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Best breakfast!,"Great, clean hotel. Wonderful concierge service - so very helpful for our first time in London. Small room but comfy bed. The best was the breakfast bar. Much better than other places in Europe. We were very pleased with our stay here.",Date of stay: June 2013,5.0
2623,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2625-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Comfortable experience,"The hotel was handy to the number 9 and 10 buses into the city, and was comfortable, and the included breakfast had everything that we wanted. The beds were comfortable, and the room was spacious. The staff were helpful and friendly.",Date of stay: June 2013,5.0
2624,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2625-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,A hotel near Olympia train station,"We stayed at this hotel for 6 night during our visit to London in middle of June 2013. The room is small but clean. There is no free wi-fi in the room unless you purchase a plan which is quite expensive. The hotel lobby has free wi-fi but it is limited to 1 hour usage per day. The signal in the lobby area is not even. One side of the lobby has good signal but with limited seating area.    Although the closest tube needs a 15 minutes walk (Kensington High street), the hotel is very close to several bus stops (at the door) and the Olympia train station (5 minutes walk). It is convenient if you plan to have a return train ticket from Gatwick to Olympia. The cost is just 11 pound one way, and another benefit with the return ticket is that you can enjoy a lot of 2 for 1 discounts at…",Date of stay: June 2013,3.0
2625,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2630-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Hilton by name...,"Just back from a 3 night stay at the this Hilton which has a great location however I found the hotel in need of updating generally, our room was located beside a service life used by staff which sounded like there was someone roller skating above our room from the hours of 6am to about midnight, we had dinner on the night we arrived and one member of waiting staff seemed to be arguing with the manager, the service was dreadful and the waitress seemed to think it appropriate to joke about this to us. The next afternoon we returned to the bar for a drink, same waitress and manager still arguing... most unprofessional, left waiting 20 mins for our dinks order although there was no one else in the bar, 10% service charge added to our bill also, what service! Breakfast was a very…",Date of stay: June 2013,2.0
2626,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2630-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,I would swear there were mouse droppings on the desk in my room when I arrived.,"Mouse dropping.....  The engineer said it was little hard dust balls that had fallen from the air conditioner unit above my desk.   But even if it was, that's gross too!  Sure, the place is inexpensive for London, and reasonable well located, but come on, change my room if you get a complaint like this!  It made me wonder if the rest of my tiny room with the single bed was clean.   Bottom line - there are better alternatives.",Date of stay: June 2013,2.0
2627,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2630-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Good address and comfortable, poor staff","Clean and very comfortable room.  Uncaring, cold receptionists who ignore you until it suits them to look up.  Dreadful breakfast experience - they packed up early, gave me the dregs of the coffee from the perculator meaning it had bits floating in it and the only eggs were fried.",Date of stay: June 2013,3.0
2628,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2630-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Old but trying to maintain Hilton standards,"Location cannot be better but at the same time as its on the main street,noisy with all the traffic in the morning.staff is very helpful and friendly.Bfast buffet offers a wide spread. Costa coffee shop on the ground floor with high speed wifi access creates a perfect lounge.Hotel itself is a bit old and needs an upgrade in time to come.",Date of stay: June 2013,4.0
2629,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2630-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Nice room, Don't go if you want a lie in!!","Stayed here with boyfriend for 1 year anniversary for 3 nights. lobby was beautiful and staff were friendly and helpful. took a while to get the door open but once inside room was nice and a good size. view from room was a road and building with offices so had to keep curtains closed didnt want any peeping toms! The air con was very noisy and the noise outside kept us awake most of the night however the beds were lovely and comfortable! best bed and bedding i have ever slept in was lovely!!! the bathroom was small and the shower was in the bath however it was practical and easy to use and most importantly clean. There was dust on some of the appliances in the room and obviously the mini bar was very expensive. Breakfast was very filling, loads of food was great however tea and…",Date of stay: May 2013,4.0
2630,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2635-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Hilton Stay,One night stay. Lovely room. Shower is in the bath though. No free water in ours but others did get it. Breakfast choice excellent although staff seemed more concerned with clearing up rather than serving tea/coffee. Worst part is trying to book on the phone as they never understand Engish properly and I do not have an accent. But still a nice overnight stay,Date of stay: June 2013,4.0
2631,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2635-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,This hotel needs an upgrade,"Nice lobby but old, out of date rooms.  The rooms seem more like a Hampton Inn, rather than a Hilton.  My room was hot due to air conditioner not functioning.  They tried to fix but failed to do so.  This hotel badly needs an upgrade.  Breakfast buffet is very uninteresting.  On the positive side the bar and fitness room are very nice.",Date of stay: June 2013,2.0
2632,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2635-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Most uncomfortable beds ever!!!,"Now, I am not one to normally place bad reviews or to moan- I just get on with things and appreciate that I am not at 'home' where, of course, everything is going to be to my taste...BUT... my fiance and I stayed at the Hilton Kensington Olympia for two nights last week (7th floor- room 739- I *think*, facing inwards) and I can honestly say that it was the most uncomfortable bed ever!!  The room itself was pleasant enough, with a large TV, Tea/Coffee facilities, safe etc. The bathroom was small and the bath very short, with a lovely layer of dust around the black border tiles around the mirror/sinks (oops!!). But the bed was horrible, and after soending a considerable amount per night to get, what we thought would be, 5* service from the Hilton chain, I was disappointed!  We…",Date of stay: May 2013,3.0
2633,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2635-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Good weekend break,"Arrived Friday 7 June 2013 for long weekend at the Hilton all paid for by Tesco gift card vouchers. Allthough hotel not in the center of London bus and tube service very good, bus No 9 takes you to most of the main attractions in London. Being old age pensioners  we have a free bus pass. Hotel room delux on sixth floor ,chamber maid kept the room very clean and tidy. Hotel staff very friendly and helpful in the bar and dining room, breakfast a good selection of cold and hot buffet and plenty of strong hot coffee. Overall highly recomended for a stay in London.",Date of stay: June 2013,4.0
2634,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2635-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Good Value Hilton Stay,The Good: - staff very polite and courteous - exec room was big enough - exec lounge had good food and beverage selection although a bit pokey - while a bit noisy outside insulation kept most sounds out - handy location. Near a big tesco and not far from tube bus station. Olympia around corner functions on weekends.   The Bad: - brought back some chips and dip to put in minibar. Oh boy. It was like an R2-D2 unit. I wasn't going to touch it but also meant that my dip went bad. Why can't we just have a mini fridge?? - exec lounge room a bit pokey as mentioned earlier but a separate room where you get the food is tiny. No more than a few people can fit in there at any one point in time. Frustrating at peak times.  - some of the hallways and common areas are a bit pokey as well.…,Date of stay: May 2013,4.0
2635,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2640-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,London Week,"Hotel is a little bit out of the central city but the Bus Line #9 makes up for it as this line goes to most major attractions.  Great to have a Costa Coffee bar right at the bottom level.  Only problem is the free internet service on the lobby is spotty and there are very few outlets for us to plug in for our laptops.  Other than this, a great hotel at the right price.",Date of stay: June 2013,4.0
2636,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2640-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Excellent Hotel,"Very enjoyable stay at this hotel.  The hotel was very quiet; concierge were very helpful and friendly; the hotel and room were very clean, and the bed was so comfortable; the setup for breakfast was very good and the food was delicious for breakfast, lunch and dinner; the restaurant staff were very friendly; the gym was clean and well-equipped and the hotel was in a very convienent location to the bus stop.",Date of stay: May 2013,5.0
2637,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2640-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,grand prix dressage!,"I am fortunate enough to work at olympia for the last 5 years and am always put up at the hilton. I love the location, being that I can walk to the hotel after I finished work. I dont get the opportunity to appreciate many of the features because of work but the breakfasts are amazing! keeps me going through my day! rooms are noisy from outside sirens but I dont mind that as I'm from a quiet country town so expect external noise- nothing you can do about that- its central london!  neat rooms, much like many I have stayed in all over the world. more than ok. I would stay here if I was in london eeven if not for business",Date of stay: December 2012,4.0
2638,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2640-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"OK location, clean but but worn down","Very slow check-in when we visited. Partly made up for by well-working express check-out. Location is not close to anything, but still not far away from Kensngton High Street's shopping etc. Corridors and rooms a bit worn down.",Date of stay: May 2013,2.0
2639,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2640-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Good Location,"Stayed here for 3 nights.  After reading all of the other reviews before we got there, we were a bit skeptical; however, for us it was okay.  I don't know about being a Hilton though and I have stayed in a few Hiltons.    There were 5 of us. We had 2 rooms and had to upgrade one and pay extra, not much though, for an executive suite, which had a pull out bed, because there were 3 of us.  There was a queen bed and a chair, not a couch. which pulled out into a bed,  It was very narrow and once you laid on it you could not turn. The mattress was extremely thin. However, we made do.    The executive suite was not much bigger than the regular room.   I have stayed in executive suites before and I would not call this one executive. However, the room was clean and the bathroom was…",Date of stay: May 2013,3.0
2640,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2645-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Excellent!,"Excellent location (Kensington High Street)- Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea-,near Olympia Exhibition Centre and Earls Court, and a very short distance to Royal Albert Hall, Hyde Park, Science Museum, Victoria and Albert Museum ,Natural History Museum. Bus station in front of the hotel, bus no.9 to Trafalgar Square (15 minutes) and bus no.10 to Oxford Street (15 minutes).Elegant,quiet and safe hotel and neighborhood.Big hotel, large single room and very clean (bedding changed daily,daily cleaning , the cleaning staff is very discreet),large bathrroom (bathtub and shower),king bed. Tv LCD,  A/C unit, seif, coffee/tea maker etc.; 2-3 large and modern elevators. Modern and elegant bar/restaurant/lounge at the first floor and several small shops and terrace near the hotel.…",Date of stay: May 2013,5.0
2641,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2645-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Not up to hilton standards! Find somewhere else,Beware of this hotel!!!!  When i booked this hotel online through the hilton website the rate was £290 for the 2 nights. But when I checked in it had gone up to 400 for the 2 nights even though if already booked at £290. I wasn't this hotel doesn't charge you when you book so I signed the form thinking I'd already payed. I was left arguing with the manager on check out but as I had signed the form on check in I had nowhere to go. Aside from that  This hotel is not worth £200  A night there are much better options in London   This hotel is in an ok spot  But is in no way up to hilton Standards it's old run down and smells musty  The rooms are small  And the breakfast was fairly poor  And at almost £20 you would expect more this experience has put me off hilton hotels all together…,Date of stay: April 2013,1.0
2642,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2645-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Good Service, Rooms can be a bit Hit and Miss","This hotel is made of 2 buildings glued together. Rooms in the side which faces Olympia are the best and largish and square. Those that face Universal Music are lots of different shapes and sizes.  The restaurant is surprisingly good - I had an excellent steak - and breakfasts are top quality. Best way to get is on the bus 9,10 or 27 from Hammersmith Tube or High St Kensington tube. The tube to olympia does not run very often (just for big shows)",Date of stay: May 2013,4.0
2643,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2645-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Great hotel,Stayed on the 8 th floor while on our Trafalgar Tour.Room was on the small side but very clean and we had an amazing view.Breakfast was wonderful lots to choose from.The hotel staff were very helpful with anything we needed. Steps away from the bus and shops. Would stay here again. ,Date of stay: May 2013,5.0
2644,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2645-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,NOT A PLEASANT EXPERIENCE,Check in process was speedy. Room was allocated in the 03 rd floor. I wanted a wall adaptor for my phone charger. Reception wanted me to get it from concierge. The person on duty requested a deposit for the adaptor and he was not specific about the amount. He said to give 5 USD or 5 Sterling pounds or what ever I have. At this point I gave him 05 pounds and got the adaptor. This is the very first occasion I paid a deposit for a adaptor in a hotel.  Breakfast was good but there was hardly anything for me as I don't eat pork and beef. Stewards and stewardesses were very concerned about Europeans but not Asians .  I was asked to pay for my breakfast at the entrance which normally happens during the check out. I was not informed to bring cash or credit card for the breakfast by the…,Date of stay: May 2013,3.0
2645,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2650-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Nothing Special - Avoid Hilton Hhonors scheme,"I have a small dark room and an average experience at this hotel. The car park was convenient, but small and very tight in terms of space.   I stupidly signed up for the Hhonors scheme on leaving the hotel. All attempts at stopping emails relating to this 'service' have failed. Multiple attempts via the unsubscribe link over several months have been ineffective and the response from the support team said they would do something in 3 weeks. If you want you email in box to be free of endless emails I would not recommend this scheme.",Date of stay: November 2012,2.0
2646,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2650-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Really good find,"Let me firstly clarify: I got a great deal on the Hilton Olympia through the 'any weekend anywhere' promotion so this may explain why my impression were different then others.  I returned back to the Olympia after staying there back in 2008. As a Diamond member I was initially offloaded at check-in to the Manger which was nice and was upgraded to one of their executive floor rooms. The room itself was spacious, bed was comfortable, bathroom had been clearly been renovated not so long ago. The only qualm was that the desk was old and had chips and dints all over it. The corridor's do give quite an old hotel appearance.   Staff were fine, yet english is clearly a second language spoken by most employees here. Executive lounge while small and always crowded, served decent canapes…",Date of stay: February 2013,5.0
2647,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2650-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Great location BUT poor VFM,"Stayed at Hilton Olympia for an event purely based on location as nearest large Hotel to Olympia Exhibition site (5 mins).   Also regretted it as soon as I tried to park in the underground carpark which has mini spaces and a very low ceiling (beware SUV drivers).  Lobby area and general amenities are fine but rooms are very dark, furniture a bit battered and traffic noise is bad on front of Hotel. WiFi is £14.99 extra in room but free 60 minutes in Lobby area. Equipment in room is fine, 2 bathrobes, comfy bed, breakfast was okay and staff reasonably friendly.  I paid £341 for one night B&B basis plus parking – trouble is next week I stayed at 5 Star Intercontinental Park Lane and paid £397 for same basis so Hilton looks VERY poor VFM for London in general – it only gets away…",Date of stay: May 2013,2.0
2648,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2650-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Not impressed!,"Firstly - this is not really near the tube you need it's a good 15/20 minute walk away to high street kensington so when you have heavy bags not brilliant - was told its right near one! Second I had to wait ages to check in whilst two hotel staff where talking in the lobby after a 14 hour day travelling and conferencing I was not impressed! Walking in I had no TV as this was not working but the maintainence man was quick and friendly. Hot breakfast is disgusting - this is not a full English by far! Stuck with selection if fruit, yougurt and pastries..... Average hotel, bus stops near.... Had dinner in the resturant one night and it was lovely - very very good food - scallops are like something from masterchef! Made a huge complaint as the cleaners never left enough towels &…",Date of stay: May 2013,3.0
2649,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2650-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Champagne Breakfast,"Today I popped in with my husband for a champagne breakfast to celebrate my birthday without having a room booked. The first impression we found the reception area to be very overheated but staff rather cool and very welcoming. For breakfast there was a wide and appetising selection of food to choose from. However the Full English breakfast at the hot food bar was only lukewarm. Staff were very attentive and quick, especially to mention Mariana, Victoria and Diana who spontaneously served me a decorated plate of delicious birthday cake with a candle whilst singing Happy Birthday.This was a very lovely surprise. Overall we are looking forward to come back soon, definitely before my next birthday.",Date of stay: May 2013,4.0
2650,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2655-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Variable but overall not bad,"I have stayed here twice in the last month, each time via the Lastminute.com secret  hotel option. The first time: reception welcoming. I asked about stairs as I don't like lifts and was on the third floor and that seemed to floor them a bit. Room excellent - very wide bed (3 pillows wide), very clean. Still can't abide hotels that only give a few of those little plastic milk things (never enough for a few cups of tea of tea or coffee!) and no room in their mini bar fridges to put your own milk. UHT milk is so awful so I always take my own. I always bang on about having a tea pot for tea so bang on I will about it in relation to this hotel too! Nice view of street outside. Very quiet. Checking out was frustrating - nobody at reception as the receptionist had to leave to sort…",Date of stay: May 2013,3.0
2651,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2655-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,I had a godd Stay,"I did Booked in Last Minute.com . The Hotel is not bad but it is Old.  A downside was the noise, we were very close to the railway and I could hear the neighbouring rooms water pipes. Also, you had to pay extra for wifi in the rooms",Date of stay: May 2013,3.0
2652,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2655-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Very nice stay, excellent staff.","I stayed here with my family last month, I have to say that even if the building does look old fashion, the room I had was refurbished to a very high level.  Furthermore, the Executive Lounge was very cozy, and the staff there is very attentive. Special mention to Vlad and Grazia.  As well we used the bar downstairs, where Erika was more than proffesional and went out of her way to make us feel special.  Thank you again, I will definitely stay again.",Date of stay: April 2013,5.0
2653,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2655-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Great for London,"I spent last weekend with my friend at the Hilton whilst down visiting friends. I had stayed in London before at a much smaller hotel and had a very bad experience with bed bugs. This time wanted to pay the extra for the brand name and quality that Hilton have always showed me.  The room was a large twin and was extremely clean. The only thing I didn't like was the shower curtain as I feel that they are dated and unhygienic. The only thing I could complain about was the room service. Our nachos were £7 with a £5 tray service, the cheese was cremated on the chips and didn't come with any of the sauces advertised.  The beds were comfy and the breakfast was full of various different foods and was all tasty. ",Date of stay: May 2013,4.0
2654,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2655-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Glad I didnt pay full price!,"Booked into this hotel through the Last Minut.com website and the Secret Hotels option. It was billed as a 4 star, and the description and location sounded perfect for our trip to London for the weekend. The full price for a twin/double room was nearly £200, but we got it for £93.  The room was small, beige and characterless which was not helped by the low level lighting. That said the bed was very comfortable and I got a great nights sleep. Had I not have had a fair amount of alcohol that night though I fear that the external heating/air con outside our window would have kept me awake.  The bathroom was tiny and the bath was too short to lie in. However it was very clean and there were all the necessary items provided for toiletries.  The bar was by far the best feature of the…",Date of stay: May 2013,3.0
2655,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2660-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Comfortable stay,"I stayed at the Hilton Olympia for one night.  I was impressed with the large, clean room and the bed was comfortable.  A downside was the noise, we were very close to the railway and I could hear the neighbouring rooms water pipes. Also, you had to pay extra for wifi in the rooms. All in all it is a nice hotel in a good location.",Date of stay: May 2013,4.0
2656,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2660-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Very nice hotel, good district","I am a diabetic so the choice of permitted food is very narrow (no jam and muffins as found in continental breakfast). The breakfast was excellent, lots of dishes to enjoy. The room was very clean and the bathroom was in order. Another thing I was glad to find was the possibility to stop the air-conditioner and open the windows 10 centimeters (it was built that way). Congratulations to the designer and staff!",Date of stay: May 2013,5.0
2657,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2660-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Good hotel but some rooms a little poor situation and nothing special,"Stayed a couple of night here while attending Olympia conference. The rates are high for the benefit of staying in a great location for this centre and my biggest disappointment was the gym. Oh dear, my bedroom cupboard is almost as big as the gym and one bike just isn't enough. Staff were very pleasant and attentive at breakfast which was as good as expected. Suppose someone has to stay in a room which has a partial see view. That's a see view! All that could be seen was a bit of a roof and some sky. I guess a view of the High Street is not much better!",Date of stay: April 2013,4.0
2658,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2660-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,a good hotel for olympia but a little out of the way,"a small, reasonable clean room, a smallish bathroom with a large step into and out of bath. (the floor of the bath has attached nonstick material which makes it a little safer. reasonable restaurant and costa on site. Free wi-fi in public rooms but charged extra in  bedroom (why oh why?) . I was on the side of the hotel and it was very noisy all night . street cleaners started at about 5.30 and that was very disruptive (although necessary of course- later would have been fine but it made a premature end to sleep. the walls were suprisingly thin so room noise from the adjacent room was audibleA good 15 min walk from the tube at Kensington high street (good shops here) or Earls court. Lots of restaurants on the walk to kensington. Ideal for olympia but a long way from central…",Date of stay: April 2013,3.0
2659,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2660-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Nice Stay!,"Stayed at the Hilton London Olympia for three nights. The room was very clean, beds comfortable, service was very good, decent location. Had to walk about 10 minutes to get to underground but bus stop was very close. They have a Costa coffee shop attached which I liked very much. Thought the price was good for London. I travel quite a bit and stay at Hilton properties. I am a Diamond member and they offered an executive lounge which was great! I booked a tour with the desk, a mistake was made by the hotel on the tour I wanted but they swiftly took care of it. I enjoyed my stay, the only thing that was a negative was the balcony, not really a balcony, very small, not for standing out on, otherwise everything was great.",Date of stay: May 2013,4.0
2660,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2665-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Disappointed,"Been away overseas for several months, hence late submission of review. Stayed here for one night with my mother in order to attend a theatre show in the west end. The stay was nothing but miserable from beginning to end. Check in took ages and we felt totally ignored for about 10 mins as if we were invisible. The room we received was supposed to be a double deluxe but was a standard double with a sofa and table squashed in. The room was basic, not what you'd expect of hilton, it wasn't very clean, scum in the bathroom and bathtub, chipped skirting boards and window sills, dirty curtains and dark patches on the carpet where there had been spillages previously. The room had an odd smell to it and the ventilation system was So loud it kept us awake through the night as it hummed…",Date of stay: September 2012,1.0
2661,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2665-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Back to the Eighties,"Coming up to London with my friend to attend my daughter's Hen Night, we anticipated having a really 'great time'. We booked with Last Minute, but were disappointed with our 'four star' accommodation. My friend had phoned the day before to ensure that we had a twin bedded room, she  was told that this would be the case. On arrival we were told that they were fully booked and we did not have a twin room. We were also told that our room wasn't ready yet, then in the next breath the room was ready (room 404) and  we could go and have a look, we went to that room and could not get in. Then we noticed we had been given key card to room 312. We looked at this room and decided to make the best of it. The décor was faded and dated. A ceiling tile was broken by our door in the corridor…",Date of stay: April 2013,3.0
2662,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2665-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Good location,"This hotel is a short bus ride( nr 9 or 10) to Albert hall, Harrods and a short walk to shops on ken high street. The staff is friendly and helpful except for the breakfast chef but that doesn't matter as the breakfast is plentiful and good and fantastic waitstaff. For London it is pretty good value for money. The rooms are small as everywhere in London and really after staying through Europe in beautiful spotlessly clean hotels, this really has the feel of an old cheaply done over hotel, with the half a flight of stairs to negotiate once you get to your floor, which I have never understood in England! The bathroom just has a shower in the bath and a shower curtain, and if you are more than 1.80 cm you will probably have to duck your head in the shower as the ceilings are only…",Date of stay: April 2013,3.0
2663,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2665-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Disappointingly dowdy.,"Attending my Goddaughter's party, her mother and I thought we would stay up in town. We did a Last Minute.com secret location deal for ' a 4* hotel in Kensington High Street'. This hotel is too far off the regular tube network to be useful to anyone but visitors to this particular area, being right along at the end of Ken High at Olympia. Once we found out the hotel, we rang them to make sure we had a twin bedded room. That was never going to happen! I think they must save the grottiest rooms for the Last minute customers! There was a mix-up with the room numbers but we eventually got to room 312. The ceiling was hanging down outside the door, which wasn't a good first impression. The extractor in the bathroom didn't work, the basin needed attention and the bath was old…",Date of stay: April 2013,3.0
2664,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2665-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,A good hotel,"I've stayed in this hotel two times - once on a night trip to London and the second time - with my wife and one-year old son for 4 nights.  The hotel is clean, the staff is friendly - there aren't really any negatives to mention.  The location is good - it's relatively easily accessible from Gatwick airport and you have two bus routes - 9 & 10 - going the Hyde Park, Piccadilly Circus and Trafalgar Square.  And they've got a great bar on the 1st floor.",Date of stay: April 2013,4.0
2665,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2670-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Not good value for money,"Reported the Aircon issues on the 1st morning - never got updates, or it sorted - so resorted to sleeping (or trying to) with the window open.   The diverse staff compliment, whilst I support the idea, it becomes frustrating trying to translate / speak to the staff at times.",Date of stay: April 2013,3.0
2666,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2670-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Badly Needs Updating,"Stayed in an Executive King room in April 2013.  The room was a nice size, but even though they slapped on some new paint and wallpaper, the main problem with the room was noise.  The original wooden doors have not been changed and this means you can hear a fly sneeze all the way down the hall.  The windows out to the street (side street on our side) are not insulated against noise in any way, so it made sleep a bit more difficult than it should have been.    Access to the Executive Lounge came with the room.  Eating breakfast there in the morning was included in the price of the room.  However, that amounted to scrambled eggs, ham, mushrooms, baked tomatoes, and then the usual assortment of breads, yogurt, fruit.  Get there a little late and you can find yourself waiting for…",Date of stay: April 2013,3.0
2667,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2670-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Great place and food,The Executive Lounge was great. Food was good and the hostesses in the lounge were very friendly - Gracie and Vladimir were the two best host that worked in the lounge. We ate dinner in the restaurant and it was good food and Charlotte was our waitress who was fantastic. Will stay here again. The only drawback was the gym as it was downstairs and I did not feel comfortable as a woman to workout alone as it was creepy being down there alone.,Date of stay: April 2013,5.0
2668,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2670-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Average,"Stayed one night. Hotel in need of renovation. Room was functional and comfortable. Found stale cupcake beside the table on floor, missed by cleaning. Otherwise ok. Staff friendly and excellent selection at the breakfast buffet.",Date of stay: April 2013,3.0
2669,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2670-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Good, Ok Hotel.","I've checked in at this hotel 1 p.m. I was sent to a tiny room, in the end of the floor. I had to move my luggage to open the door and put it back behind the door while in the room, to free same space for myself. Soon I discovered the heater was not working. After I realized the room would not heat, I called somebody in the reception. The gentle guy confirmed the heater was out of work. He offered me another blanket. Because of the time, besides I had just unpacked and hanged all my shirts, I did not mention changing room, as It was not offered and I was really tired. Next morning, after a real cold night, I complained at the reception. The desk girl told me that even if the heater was fixed, I would still fell cold, as the room was far from the central heater. So WHY do they…",Date of stay: April 2013,3.0
2670,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2675-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Tired Hilton in need of TLC,"I'm a Hilton regular and supporter. This was my first time at Olympia and it was a dissappointment despite an upgrade. The hotel is ok but it gets a 2* because this is a Hilton and it should be better than just ok. The tiredness can be seen in the lift surrounds, chipped and dilapidated, the lifts, the corridors and the rooms. The room furniture is MFI standard. Bed sheets don't fit the bed. No fridge other than the minibar will not even take a bottle of water. Breakfast - over salty black pudding, industrial quality sausage and bacon and a chef who can't cook mushrooms. I stayed at a Garden Inn, a Doubletree and a Hilton this week. This Hilton was by far the worst. Sorry.",Date of stay: April 2013,2.0
2671,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2675-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Good hotel, nice staff","Nice hotel.  Got upgraded with gold elite membership which gave access to executive lounge - free food and drinks with really friendly staff.  Rooms not bad, could be better.  Great location if you're doing business at Olympia.",Date of stay: October 2012,5.0
2672,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2675-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Business Stay at the Hilton Kensington,The hotel is situated close to the Olympia & Earls Court Tradeshow area's which makes it ideally placed. The service of the staff is excellent although i have hardly met a UK employee. ( most of them are form Russia and Poland ) The rooms are small but convenient and kept clean daily. Because the rooms are close to mainroad High Kensington the noise of the street is cleary present in the rooms. Opposite to my room and bathroom a office building is situated and because the bathroom did not have any dark curtains the neighbors can take a look in the bathroom.  Not nice. A hotel like this should offer free wifi everywere and not only in restricted areas,Date of stay: April 2013,3.0
2673,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2675-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Needs a serious refurbish!,"Arrived to London after a 10 days trip to Florida for a convention there. Was attending a show at the Olympia exhibition next to hotel. When I arrived I was given a very small single room on the top floor that smelled terrible of smoke. I went to reception and was offered to pay for an upgrade for a larger room. I moved to this room, but after having unpacked I realized that the WiFi did not work in that part of the hotel, this was confirmed by the reception, so I was moved again. The rooms in this hotel really needs a serious refurbish! The cleaning also needs to be given some attention!  ",Date of stay: April 2013,2.0
2674,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2675-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Stag do in London,"Well where do i start ?Stayed here on the 12-14th April 2013 for my friends stag do !!!great hotel lovely rooms breakfast was amazing! The hotel is  next to train station which was good .  staff all very polite and very helpful.Just remember if you want taxi to Piccadilly Circus etc from here it cost no more then £25 . There is a tesco down the road , also a amazing steakhouse to ! Will definitely will be  staying here again and will recommend to others to stay in this very modern hotel !!",Date of stay: April 2013,5.0
2675,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2680-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Not quite the best Hilton ...,"I visited London at March 2010. We were 3 girls staying at Juniors suite . We have stayed for at least 5 days . We liked the location , we hated the room and the bathroom . You get the feeling of an half finished renovation of an old and dull place . I don't think it worthed the money we spent there . Breakfast was good but not excellent . Between you and me , I would choose a different hotel next time I visit London ...!!!!",Date of stay: March 2013,3.0
2676,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2680-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Ok if pricey,"All looking a bit tired and rooms could really do with an upgrade. Upgraded to a suite with gold card which was very nice, and very comfortable bed- but still all a bit jaded. Nice welcome and good lounge with helpful staff. And for visiting the exhibition hall unbeatable location.",Date of stay: April 2013,3.0
2677,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2680-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Excellent breakfast,"Stayed with my son and my parents, no twin room available so my son and I had to share, parents rooms were in different corridor. Had expected higher standard of rooms for rating and cost howeever rooms basic bathroom clean although found make up box on floor from previous guest. Breakfast not well signed however when you found it staff were friendly. Well spaced tables, very good selection for breakfast area kept very clean and tidy.",Date of stay: April 2013,4.0
2678,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2680-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Dirty Rooms,I stayed here for a hen party at the end of March. My room wasn't ready at 3pm nor was it clean. The bath was filthy. They did come and clean again whilst we were in the room but it was no better! It also got ages to check in the receptionist must have been new. Rooms were not together as booked.,Date of stay: March 2013,3.0
2679,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2680-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Nice but $$$$,This hotel has one of the better bars that I have seen in a hotel.  Seems to have quite the local draw as well. Several non-guests which gave it a great lunge atmosphere. Perfect for entertaining clients and business partners.  The beer selection on tap could be better than the run of the mill labels. Rooms were well appointed but make sure to get an interior room as the street facing rooms are a little noisy. Staff was top notch.  Food is above par for a chain hotel. What I did not like is that I did not have access to the hot food in the Diamond Lounge. If not a multi-year diamond card holder than who? Good continental spread but it's the principle.  This needs to change.,Date of stay: April 2013,4.0
2680,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2685-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,good location,Had stayed here before because of proximity to Earl's Court. There wasn't a twin available so had to share a double bed with my daughter so didn't get much sleep. Room clean and well equipped though. Shower was inefficient. I have a better one at home. Breakfast good the next morning. I would stay here again. Good value for money.,Date of stay: March 2013,4.0
2681,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2685-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,5 Rainy days ..................,I spent 5 rainy days here in March 2013. I wasn't disappointed with the hotel at all. First class staff here ready to tend to every need. Great breakfast. This hotel is in a great location. Bus is a few yards from front door. It will take you anywhere you want. I would like to go back in the summer. Italian restaurant a block away was very good. Thanks Hilton Olympia for a great stay!,Date of stay: March 2013,4.0
2682,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2685-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Not bad at all,This was a bit of a walk from the tube station but I got a warm welcome on arrival and an upgrade to a club room with my hilton membership. OK the outside is nothing much to look at and inside is certainly showing its age but its clean and comfortable. The room was large and well furnished and the club lounge was excellent with very pleasant staff looking after the guests.,Date of stay: February 2013,4.0
2683,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2685-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Average but good restaurant,This hotel is a little out of the way although close to Olympia underground this station not always open so have to use Earls court and that is quite a walk. the street noise can be quite disturbing so struggled a bit for sleep. OK if going to Olympia but otherwise stay nearer central london.  Food at restaurant was very good as was breakfast and service very good. just spoilt by street noise and distance from tube.,Date of stay: February 2013,3.0
2684,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2685-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Very convenient for Olympia. Good value.,Needed to be close to Olympia and don't think you get any nearer! Great service in the bar. Very comfortable stay. Tip top breakfast too! Have stayed here before and will do so again.Highly  recommended. ,Date of stay: March 2013,4.0
2685,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2690-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,In a word quality...,"It was bit of surprise to go to Hilton Kensington Olympia “Society” Restaurant on Saturday evening for dinner but what a lovely surprise it was. In a word, excellent! The staff was extraordinarily courteous, attentive & professional and the food was just to die for.  It was my fiancés birthday the day before so this was another birthday treat for him.  If you love your English cuisine with a modern twist then this is definitely the place to go…the décor is divine, atmosphere is lovely and the price is reasonable.   We would definitely go there again.",Date of stay: March 2013,5.0
2686,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2690-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Average for the price,"If you want to park your car under the hotel you can....at £35 for 24 hrs.  Small bottle of water in room £3.95.  Breakfast extra @ £12 each...and to be honest, the cooked breakfast was warm.  Not hot, closer to cold than hot.",Date of stay: March 2013,3.0
2687,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2690-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Great location for the exhibition centre,"I've stayed here on a few occasions now and can honestly say that they have made improvements every time. The car park under the hotel is still a nightmare and not well explained when it comes to collecting tickets and leaving. You have to go to a little hut at the opposite end of the car park to the hotel entrance and give them your details then wait for your hand written ticket - very 1960s! Check in was quick and efficient. Hotel facilities explained well and offer of free newspaper, wake up call and breakfast details all given clearly. Room was clean, good size for London, new flat screen TV with plenty of choice and very comfortable bed. Shower we excellent and the layout of the room was ideal for a business trip. Plenty of plug points for laptop, mobile phone etc and fully…",Date of stay: February 2013,4.0
2688,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2690-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Excellent choice,"We were visiting an exhibition at Olympia so needed an hotel close by - and so glad we chose the Hilton.  We had booked a deluxe room but the first room was over a noisy generator, so were given a different one - but this had no bath, so the third room was perfect!  Lovely spacious room with comfortable bed and pillows.  All the staff were friendly and helpful and as it was so cold we decided to eat at the hotel - excellent meal - if a bit pricey - but this is London!  The breakfast next morning was delicious and efficiently served with no waiting about.  We would thoroughly recommend this hotel and cannot fault it.",Date of stay: March 2013,5.0
2689,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2690-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Best Hotel in West Kensington,"My wife and I spent five nights at the Hilton Olympia (March 2013) . . .  I would gladly recommend this location to anyone. Room was spacious and clean, bed comfortable, housekeeping impeccable and the shower was hot. Our visit was personal / business. Easy access to train and bus transportation. As this was our first visit to the UK we were worried about the food and restaurant service. Our trepidations were totally unfounded. Our first dinner (at the hotel) was excellent and the service friendly and professional. We breakfasted every morning in the restaurant which featured an extensive buffet. The food was hot, plentiful and delicious. Best part was the setting and service. The tables were roomy and chairs comfortable. Our servers, Davis Kiss, Victoria Pula and Attila Kovacs…",Date of stay: March 2013,5.0
2690,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2695-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Our stay at the Olympia,"We checked into the Olympia on Sunday March 3rd as the first part of our Trafalgar tour it was an easy check in which was nice after a long flight from the states, I want to say the staff at the Olympia was the best they went out of their way to be of any help we needed thats a big plus with me, we had  a problem with our heater and i mentioned it to housekeeping and with thin a few minutes we had a repair person  problem fixed. We rode the no#9 bus into central London which was nice because we could see some of the sites along the way. Our room was small but this is London, and of course the lobby was really pretty, and there was a little gift shop to pick up a few things which we did. we had a nice breakfast and even had fish and chips at the bar area, the rooms could use a…",Date of stay: March 2013,4.0
2691,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2695-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Hilton Olympia mostly hits the target,"I was booked into this hotel by my employers as I was at a conference nearby. The outside of the hotel is nothing special, but reception is shining, clean and spacious, and the reception staff were friendly- very welcome on a cold dark night.   It was a bit out of the way to get to- the nearest tube station (Olympia) is not open unless there is an event at Olympia exhibition centre, so I was out of luck as my stay was midweek. So I had to catch the tube to Kensington High Street, and hop on the number 9 bus which stops just outside the hotel. Easy!  My room was a single one, right at the end of the corridor, and round several twists and turns, so it felt like I was in  a maze trying to find it.  The room was very comfortable- a double wardrobe, with ironing board, safe and hair…",Date of stay: March 2013,4.0
2692,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2695-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,An Upgrade,"I spent a very pleasant weekend at the Olympia when I visited the 'Who Do You Think You Are' show at the Olympia.  The rates were very reasonable and when I arrived I was given an upgrade f.o.c. The staff were very efficient, there was an excellent breakfast, a very comfortable bed and everything was fine including receiving some Loyalty points - the tube is close by and there are plenty of buses and nearby is Kensington High Street.  Will definitly stay there again.",Date of stay: February 2013,5.0
2693,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2695-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,On the High Street.,The hotel is well located for a night out in West London and if you are exhibiting or attending events at Olympia (it's in the name) or Earls Court.  Room's are air conditioned. Service levels are very high. Bar area is comfortable and well appointed. Gym is a bit small and needs a concept 2 rowing machine in it.,Date of stay: March 2013,4.0
2694,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2695-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Hotel great, location OK","I have stayed at the Hilton Olympia several times as it is often the best priced Hilton in London. Overall it's pretty good; friendly staff, nice exec lounge, reasonable food, gym etc. Rooms onto the main road can be a bit noisy but rooms onto the back are delightfully quiet. The only real issue is transport links into central London. It is right next to a train / tube station but tubes only run to Kensington Olympia on the weekends so late night coming back from the theatre I had to catch a tube to Earls Court and then a 20 min walk. It won't kill me but worth bearing in mind. If planning lots of trips into Central London I would suggest the sister hotel, hilton Kensington, about 1 mile North but next to Shepherds Bush station (central line).",Date of stay: March 2013,4.0
2695,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2700-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Convenience over substance,"I recently stayed here for three nights as I was working at the Olympia complex. I've stayed here many times before and was pleased to see that the hotel communal areas had been refurbished since my last visit as had the bedroom I had. The refurb was clearly just cosmetic: there were a couple of small things which added up to a disappointing stay: - room was large but overly noisy from noise outside the window/room  - shower stopped working at 7.30am for a good half hour as no hot water - lighting in the restaurant at breakfast kept flickering on and off for all three mornings - BBC channels on the TV just did not work  Overall I was just disapointed that a hotel chain with the Hilton brand wasn't better. I wouldn't have paid more than I did for it, and would have been more…",Date of stay: March 2013,3.0
2696,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2700-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Sisters,"Booked the Hotel for a meet up with my relations, and I was delayed. Had booked the Hotel in both our names(very lucky, and best to do so, in case one is late)I rang the hotel to advise them , this and said it was her birthday, and I would be a couple of hours late, It turns out ,she was early, not only did they give an early check in, but the Hilton Olympia, placed wine , fruit,and a card in our room. They also upgraded the room, and let my her go in executive room. Staff were excellent from check in to check out, breakfast was first class. many thanks craig.ps in fact we enjoyed it that much,and was that pleased re booked for later inJuly, even though we could have got a cheaper deal elsewhere.",Date of stay: March 2013,5.0
2697,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2700-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Clean and good service, but that's it...","A Hilton hotel should offer an agreeable standard of accommodation - after all, that is the perception of the brand.  And whilst this Olympia, London hotel is decently presented and very clean, the standard of the rooms and sleep quality is unfortunately very disappointing.  The online booking system worked well and all my details were as expected at reception on check-in.  However none of the staff were aware at all that Hilton were currently running a special room-upgrade offer, and it took a demonstration on my iPad plus a fifteen minute chat with management to convince them to upgrade my standard double to an executive.  In truth, the staff were very pleasant and agreeable and it appears to be more a communication error from Hilton head office to the hotel itself. …",Date of stay: March 2013,2.0
2698,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2700-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,You'll need earplugs and sleeping pills to stay here,"I was allocated an outside room with a street view.  I thought this would be a good thing.  I was very wrong.  The room allocated was apparently a double room.  I though this would mean I'd have a bit of space.  I was very, very wrong.  It's a Hilton which normally means I'll get a good night's sleep.  I couldn't be more wrong. The window didn't close properly, so 24 hour London streamed into the bedroom.  The heater/cooler system had a faulty thermostat which, even though turned off, still started up during the night to keep you awake.   If that wasn't enough, a rock hard bed added to the discomfort.  The first night I got no more than 3 hours sleep, which was a disaster for me given I was presenting the next day.  I did ask for the thermostat to be disconnected.  This hadn't…",Date of stay: March 2013,2.0
2699,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2700-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Excellent value for money. Exceeded exppectations,"Myself and my wife stayed here for 2 nights in Feb., for an anniversary treat. Really reccomend the rooms and location for the price(we paid 80 per night as a special weekend rate). Room and bed were really comfortable and a good size for London, close to public transport. Staff were great. If you were to be picky you could say there was some noise in room form street outside. As mention exceeded expectations and when/if we ever visit London again we will definitely be staying here .",Date of stay: February 2013,5.0
2700,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2705-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Good place to stay,"This is the hotel of choice when something's going on at Olympia. Nice, courteous reception at front desk; even got a call in my room to check if everything was alright - first time ever this happened to me! As a HHonors member, I got an upgraded room and access to the Executive Lounge, which is small, but not very busy at the times I was there. Couple of restaurants at walking idstance, but tube a bit far away.",Date of stay: December 2012,4.0
2701,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2705-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,An improvement from my last visit!,"Having been quite disappointed in my previous visit to this location, I was surprised at the improvements at least from the staff perspective. Very friendly and helpful which always improves on a hotel stay. The property is in need of an upgrade and the rooms are still relatively small. Overall a good stay as I was attending a show nearby but my usual spot in London would be the Hilton Paddington which is more central.",Date of stay: March 2013,3.0
2702,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2705-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Fantastic!,"Had a wonderful experience at Hilton London Olympia.  We booked during the Hilton's 40% off weekend offer and this price more or less compared to a basic Holiday Inn or Travelodge.  Staff were very friendly at reception, bar, breakfast and the concierge area.  Cannot understand how people can say differently unless it is their attitude towards them in the first place??  We were allocated a huge room (and bed) on the 6th floor and we had no bother sleep....it was like a big marshmallow.  We heard Police/Ambulence sirens a fair bit but then we were in central London!  The breakfasts were amazing - so much choice and very fresh.  We never needed to eat lunch.  The location is fine although the Circle/District lines were off the weekend we were there but the concierge was more than…",Date of stay: February 2013,5.0
2703,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2705-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Really good,"My boyfriend took me to London for my birthday. I have to say we had an amazing time. We got to hotel about 10 at night so we got a taxi from earls court tube which wasn't too much. We stayed in a deluxe room which was spacious and the bathroom was adequate. It was clean and decore wasn't too bad 😀 if you needed help the staff were there to help you, very friendly. People moaning that its noisy, you're staying in London what do you expect!!? Wasn't even that bad! And people moaning about the view out the back, like I said you're in London. The only down fall I do have is the Kensington Olympia tube. It doesn't run regularly, certain times and days! West Kensington or earls court tube are about 15 minute walk and easy to find when you do.",Date of stay: April 2012,5.0
2704,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2705-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Ok,Nothing special.  Rooms are small.  Prices about average for London.  Decor tired.  The obligatory black mould in the bathroom (why can they not use proper bleach cleaners?!) Certainly not a luxury hotel.  The Hilton brand has become less over the years.  ,Date of stay: March 2013,3.0
2705,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2710-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,hilton Olympia london,"stayed just one night as attending event at Olympia, which was only a short walk away, so very convenient.  Reception very pleasant but had to wait for room to be ready.  the room was ideal for my needs, and as I had brought some snacks with me was fine.  Plenty of tea etc.  Bathroom on further inspection could have done with bit of revamp:- crack in basin, door starting to crack at bottom.  However, it appeared clean and there was plenty of hot water. The bed was sheer heaven!  very comfy and could sink into pillows and duvet.   was sad couldn't spend a bit longer there. Breakfast was brilliant,  and very impressed that they  had skimmed milk, cereals, loads of fresh fruit,  full English and continental breakfasts for you to help yourself to.   Able to leave luggage and collect…",Date of stay: February 2013,4.0
2706,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2710-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Good value,"We (two adults) stayed at this hotel in January 2013 as part of a short shopping weekend in London. Overall, we had a fairly nice stay at this hotel. We managed to secure a great rate with short notice. The hotel itself is nothing spectacular, but it is very conveniently located for numerous bus routes, i.e. it is very easy to get around, to Heathrow, Westfield shopping center, Kensington High Street, West End and Central London. Our room was clean and quiet but lacked a view as it was facing the back of other buildings. However, this was not a major issue as we did not spend much time in the room. Breakfast (included) was not bad - nothing extraordinary, but pretty solid selection of food and drinks although the restaurant was fairly busy and the tables were not far from each…",Date of stay: January 2013,4.0
2707,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2710-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Clean and friendly,"Nice hotel and friendly helpful staff. Good value for the area. About a 10 min walk to Kensington High Station. Awesome breakfast if you can get it included. Bar was somewhat cold in atmosphere and never busy.  If you buy an all day travel card and use the bus stop on the next block, this place is a value. If you travel by taxis you will spend a few bucks getting around. Sainsbury's and a wine shop are also right next store for food and liquor.",Date of stay: February 2013,4.0
2708,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2710-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Overall -happy,"Booked two nights to watch the football at Wembley. I had read lots of mixed reviews about this hilton prior to my arrival, but decided to come with an open mind. Got upgraded to a junior suite on check in so got off to a good start, room was clean along with the bathroom. Arrived back from shopping on sat and decided to try the food in the sobriety bar, i opted for the cod which was delicious and my partner had the triple burger. But my only criticism was the fish was put on top of my fries which  spoilt it a bit but wasn't a major problem. Service was good with the manager and staff very alert. Hotel does look a bit tired in parts but the staff make up for that providing a good service. ",Date of stay: February 2013,4.0
2709,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2710-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Glad not to have paid full price,"As we drove to London the hotel and parking were easy to find. The entrance and hotel lobby are very nice and modern. The first issue arose at check-in we when we told that we'd been booked in to a twin room. I had in fact booked a double deluxe room on a lastminute.com special offer in December. The receptionist disappeared for a while and when she returned we were told that they'd given us a free upgrade to an executive double. On arriving at our room I was slightly disappointed to be honest but as we'd only paid £83 for the night I wasn't going to make a complaint. The room was quite tired looking, the area near the window was freezing and the bathroom was tiny, but it was somewhere to sleep after we returned from Earls Court.   Once we returned from our gig, we decided to…",Date of stay: February 2013,3.0
2710,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2715-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Over priced and out of the way,"I booked 2 rooms in this hotel for my family.  I asked for joining rooms which they could not provide.  As we are a family of 6 we needed rollaway beds in the room, these had not been provided on arrival and we had to wait while they provided them.  Te water and Pringles in the room are a rip off - £4.50 for water and 2.99 for a small packet of Pringles.  Tese are automatically charged to the room if you move them off the desk.  With kids this obviously did happen. We had to have our car with us.  The hotel charged £35.00 for over night car parking - unbelievable.  Also be careful in the car park.  The height is very low and the and the bar across the entrance, which should be at the correct height is actually higher than the car park roof.  On the way out of the car park my car…",Date of stay: February 2013,1.0
2711,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2715-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Average at best,Stayed twice over the last week having made the reservation a few weeks ago. First night in room 509? Gave me an early warning. No cups to go with the kettle and tea bags so had to use glass for tea as I did not want to call room service. Sink blocked so had to clean teeth after breakfast once water had gone down. Could have used shower I suppose lol   Stopped again last night room a little better. Staff uninterested and hotel needs a refurb. Breakfast was good and desire the above would stop again for business but not pleasure. ,Date of stay: February 2013,3.0
2712,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2715-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Excellent!!!!!,"Travelled down to London from Newcastle by car for my girlfriends birthday I booked the hotel a few weeks before as a surprise. I booked the hotel then read some peoples reviews on here, at the time I wish I had of read the reviews before booking it. I was worried because many people on here has expressed there dissatisfaction regarding the rooms etc. When i walked into the room I didn't know what to expect but I couldn't have been happier, the rooms was spacious clean well presented.   The Hotel had upgraded our room for free and on the table was a bottle of win 2 glasses 2 bottles of water and a cup cake which has wrote on the place 'happy birthday'. This was not requested and was done courtesy of the hotel, free of charge.  The beds are so comfortable and the breakfast was…",Date of stay: February 2013,5.0
2713,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2715-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,New Year's Eve in London,"We flew from NY to London for our first NYE celebration in London. We stayed here for 3 nights from Dec 31, 2012 to Jan 2, 2013. Check-in was quick; room was clean, free wifi and great location to many tourists attractions. Things are fine except heater didn't work properly. 1 minute walk to bus stop (Buckingham Palace, James's Park, Hard Rock Cafe can be reached within 15-20 minutes by bus). There is a grocery store; 5 minutes walk from the hotel. Overall, Hilton London Olympia is good place to stay when you visit London.",Date of stay: December 2012,4.0
2714,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2715-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Nice stay,"Great location , many restaurants and shops nearby, 10 min walk from high street kensinghton tube station. The hotel is more a three stars than a four star! The room was nice but the bath was really old! All the building needs a renewal ! Not too bad, but definitively not a 4 stars . ",Date of stay: February 2013,3.0
2715,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2720-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Ripoff,"Tiny room, no internet signal, (which cost extra even if i had wanted it). The worst thing of all was the pressure tray that the bottled water was on. If you touched it, your room was automatically billed @ close to £4.50 per litre! It was impossible to work with my laptop without fear of touching this ""licence to write money"" contraption. I had to resort to working on the bed. At first sight this appears to be reasonably priced for the location. DONT KID YOURSELF, i thought that the days of paying extra for internet, water, and breakfast were long gone.",Date of stay: January 2013,1.0
2716,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2720-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,You can do a lot better for the money...,"Another tired, old, Hilton property.  The depth of dust on the carpet in my room - where it was apparently just too difficult to vacuum - was moon surface like. There is a daycare next door that at various times of the day let the screaming urchins out - sometimes accompanied by a guy banging a drum - I kid you not.  They must not let the kids speak when indoors because when they are outside they scream as loud as they can somehow not requiring to stop and breathe. Try and work or sleep during that! Fitness center is a joke.  Half mile walk to tube station. I won't be back.",Date of stay: February 2013,2.0
2717,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2720-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Always a disappointment,"I have stayed at this hotel several times, mainly because if is so close to the Olympia Exhibition Centre. I have occasional good stays here, but normally it ranks poor to average. Checking in was the usual curt unfriendly affair and I paid to upgrade to an executive room. Once in my upgraded room, I soon found that the Samsung TV had a glorious purple glow and the heating didn't seem to be working. After calling reception maintainence came to have a look. He was a nice friendly guy, but understandably clueless trying to fix a tv. After a while he rang reception and told them we would need a room change. Forty minutes later, no one had got back to us and we were still sat, cases unopened tired and irritable, waiting for someone to come and move us to a room that worked. Finally…",Date of stay: January 2013,2.0
2718,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2720-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Great hotel and service, good value for money.","Quick, efficient and friendly check in. Double room not huge but big enough. Good decor and bed really comfortable. Large widescreen t.v. On wall with several free channels. Bathroom usual good Hilton standard. Nice big bar area with huge t.v. Showing sky sports. Bar staff very friendly and bar food menu good. (Had the fish and chips which was excellent). Didn't eat in restaurant but buffet breakfast was superb. Only slight problem was that the heating system in the room seemed to hum constantly and couldn't be turned off or even down, hence the room got quite hot but overall a great stay.",Date of stay: February 2013,5.0
2719,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2720-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Great staff, great stay.","We booked to stay in the Hilton Olympia for easy access to the Olympia National Hall for business. We stayed in a standard double.   Our first room was fine, small but as expected for hotel location, it could have been laid out a bit better though (to make better use of space!) We didn't have much time to inspect as we were rushing out to dinner.   Unfortunately the window fixtures were broken, so the windows could not be closed properly (not great for security/noise and in zero temps!) I spoke to a receptionist who sent up a repair man straight away and we left it in their hands whilst we went out to dinner. It wasn't repaired when we returned, so we enquired with receptionist again, who immediately sent up another staff member. As was not fixable we were offered an alternative…",Date of stay: January 2013,5.0
2720,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2725-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,A game of two halves,"My stay at the Hilton was for 3 nights, during a trade show. During this time I occupied two separate rooms. The first was extremely disappointing; very small and noisy. I even had to call someone out in the middle of the night to a address a humming noise in a duct above my ceiling - which he was unable to do. To cap it all off, there was no hot water the next morning. So far, so disastrous. They moved us to a new room the next day, and it was like a different hotel. Far more space, better appointed and quieter. Room number one would merit only one star all round; truly atrocious. Room number two merited three, maybe even four stars. So good luck getting the better room rather than the old, small , noisy one!",Date of stay: January 2013,3.0
2721,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2725-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Good value for a London venue and the reassurance of a big brand name,"People have complained about the tiredness of the decor and this is apparent, however for value for money, position and cleanliness I thought this was a really good hotel, especially for a one night stay over. Clean modern bathroom, good tv and coffee making facilities, just what I needed after a busy day trekking around London. Costa coffee attached and free wifi in public area-the gym as good and the staff were friendly. Ask for a room off the road if possible as high street is really busy! ",Date of stay: January 2013,4.0
2722,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2725-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Do NOT order Deluxe rooms! It's a sham, they charge you extra, but  you will only get a standard double!","Do NOT order Deluxe rooms! It's a sham, they charge you extra, but  you will only get a standard double!  I paid around 50 pounds extra for a deluxe double bedroom as a surprise for my boyfriends 30th birthday. Our two friends booked a standard double room. Upon comparing, we saw that there was absolutely NO difference between the two rooms at all. In fact, the standard double was slighter bigger.  When we complained to the manager, he said he agreed that it was a waste of money, and could not answer the simple question of ""What have I paid extra for in the deluxe"". His only answer was the bathroom slippers!! Upon accepting that I was right, they still refused to give me a refund for the difference between the standard and the deluxe.  Such a sham! I would definitely discourage…",Date of stay: January 2013,1.0
2723,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2725-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Cold rooms,"Stayed here on Friday 25th Jan and it was about 0 degrees in London and not much warmer in the room. The thermostat didn't seem to do anything except blow cold air in the room. The rooms were small although, and the gangway around the bed was very tight which meant I banged my knee on the desk a few times. However, they were clean and well presented if a little tired and dated.  Could hear traffic noise/sirens etc so soundproofing needs some work.  Breakfast was very good indeed wtih a lot of choice. Coffee was mediocre. Wouldnt stay there again.",Date of stay: January 2013,3.0
2724,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2725-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Bad Experience,"No hot water or heating for 2 days, We booked two taxi's with the hotel, one cost £26.00 and the other £35.00, therefore do not book a taxi with this hotel use a black London cab.We went to breakfast on the day of our check out and went back to the room to find all our belongings removed. We panicked and found out the concierge had removed or bags and we found them in the hotel lobby on a trolley unattended. The contents included my wife's handbag, my briefcase and they contain our money and credit cards. All the hotel could say was sorry, this place is a joke and over priced. We asked for compensation for lack of heating and hot water and got nothing not even a reply to our request., we were paying £350.00 per night for 7 rooms and 4 of them had no heating or hot water. The…",Date of stay: January 2013,1.0
2725,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2730-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,very pleasant staff,Really good location for my business meetings and some nice local restaurants within walking distance which means you dont have to bother with taxis.  The rooms are small but they have nice comfy beds and everything you need so overall its a good value hotel,Date of stay: January 2013,4.0
2726,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2730-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Nothing bad to say, but nothing great to say either","Run-of-the-mill Hilton property. Good location for those exploring London and next to the Olympia branch of the District Line (which only operates at weekends).   We were placed in a corner room which faced the front and was at the corner of two roads and adjacent to the train tracks and so was very noisy. Despite the huge bed we asked to be moved to a quieter room at the back which the receptionist did with no problem. Unfortunately we discovered that there was a leak at the u-bend of the toilet, however we reported this as we went out and it was fixed on our return.  Breakfast satisfied the usual hilton standards.  Staff were all polite but none stood out as particularly friendly nor helpful.",Date of stay: January 2013,3.0
2727,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2730-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Frozen all night,"Air conditioning set by the hotel to blow hard, cold air all night in the middle of winter. Great if you are getting ready for the Artic, hopeless if you want to actually sleep.  Add in teh 70/80's style decor throughout and this is one to avoid like the plague.",Date of stay: January 2013,5.0
2728,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2730-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,theatre weekend break,"4 of us stayed here overnight last weekend. We were celebrating my husband and sons birthdays. with a trip to see Jersey Boys.  The hotel supposedly a 4 star was no better than any 3 star hotels we have ever stayed at and grossly overpriced even for London. The  2 double rooms we had were very small as were the bathrooms. The room we had was at the back and we could hear the boilers working very loudly all through the night. Our sons room was at the front and  overlooked the train line but was at least a lot quieter. Would never class this as a 4 star hotel. The main shock we had was at breakfast time. We were led to believe the full English breakfast would be £12 each. But when we came to pay were told was nearly £20 each and that the £12 price was if we booked it in advance,…",Date of stay: January 2013,3.0
2729,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2730-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Low quality Hilton,"the welcome we received upon checking in and the reception staff were great. However, going up in the lift and stepping onto the 8th floor was like stepping back in time. The carpet was dull and outdated and the rooms were too. I have stayed in many hiltons and this is definitely one of the worst. The rooms were so dark with the bathroom being grubby. We had a balcony in our room which we couldn't go out onto because the door was locked but we could see at least 20 cigarette ends and empty bottles lying there. I will be staying in another Hilton when I return to London.",Date of stay: January 2013,3.0
2730,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2735-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,only the location,"I have stayed in November 2012,maybe it is a late review.I have been staying in this hotel more then 8 years,rooms are improved but not enough,cleaning is not good enough and heating in the first room was not working and we moved to another room and heating was not working .For two days we looked up for a room with heating system is working.Breakfast was okithey call best breakfast in town but I advise them to visit NH KRASNAPOLSKY Hotel in Amsterdam then they will learn which is the best breakfast.I use to travel and stay in London at least two times per year and prefer to stay in this hotel.I perefer to have a large room but never get a large room even I mak the reservation for our group couple of months ago.Can you imagine yo book your reservation and at your arrival you have…",Date of stay: November 2012,3.0
2731,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2735-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Overpriced and dismal,I stayed here on a business trip. The hotel was overpriced. The rooms were stuffy and old fashioned in decor and design. The walls between the rooms are like paper so you can hear your neighbour exactly. The beds are in good condition althought the bathrooms are disgusting and the smell from the drain was so horrid I avoided going into the bathroom and kept the door shut at all times. The fridge is an incredible structure and you cannot store anything in there but their own mini bar products which is really spiteful. The ceilings are low and if you are tall do not expect to stand straight in the shower - what a joke. The hallways give a feeling of a wartime bunker with business guests slinking around the place. The staff are excellent and try very hard. I spoke to other guests…,Date of stay: January 2013,1.0
2732,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2735-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Great Location and Nice hotel,"Got a good rate on this hotel in the January sale.  Location is excellent, end of Kensington High Street, near Olympia.  Easy travel from the tube, or if you prefer plenty of buses to take you to Harrods, Oxford Street, Sloane Square etc.  Hotel itself has had one of those typical 'soft' refurbishments, so the reception, bar, exec lounge and bedrooms are all brand new contemporary furniture and carpets.  Bathrooms are old, but mine was perfectly clean.  Depending where your room is there my be a little noise from the road, but as I live in the country that's part of a weekend in the city!  Have to say staff (especially for a London hotel) were all pleasant and friendly.  I'm a Hilton fan, so I see a fair few --- breakfast was the best I've had in a long time.  Staff were…",Date of stay: January 2013,4.0
2733,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2735-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Beautiful hotel and rooms, good location","Stayed for 2 nights in December  - beautiful hotel - great rooms! Clean and well decorated! 1 problem tho, dirty bath! Can avoid if you want a shower, tried to clean myself but obviously on holiday you don't have the right cleaning things!  -quiet hotel -although road noise was quite loud. - nice view from hotel windows. From 1 window you can see Wembley stadium, and from our bedroom wi Dow you could see the shard.   - grate location just round the corner from the overground, and close to Shepard bush and Westfield shopping centre. - costa coffee attached to hotel as part of it witch is good!  - staff friendly although VERY slow staff on check out, only 2 staff members and about 15 people to check out!  Would definitely recommend for good location, in Kensington... Good distance…",Date of stay: December 2012,4.0
2734,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2735-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Christmas 2012 in London,"We stayed in the Hilton London Olympia for Christmas.  I have to say that Frank, one of the  concierge  was very attentive and help us when we needed (taxi and what to do on Dec 25).  The rooms are small in comparison with USA standards.  And like other reviews mentioned, do not touch or move water and chips from the electronic tray, or you will be charged mini bar.    Our room was to the front of the hotel, so you hear all the street noises if you are in the lower floors.  Bring your headphones or earplugs.      The hotel is located near Kensington Park, but far from London top attractions.  We move by taxi and bus, with no mayor issues.   Society, the hotel rest is not cheap.  You also have the choice of Costa a coffee shop in the lobby.  Overall, we had a nice stay, if Hilton…",Date of stay: December 2012,3.0
2735,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2740-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Olympia,"We went to the International Horse Show at Olympia which was why we chose this particular hotel. It was absolutely perfect as the show venue was just yards from the front of the hotel. Although the railway station is a fair taxi ride from this hotel and the taxi driver initially took us to the wrong Hilton, there are plenty of shops up and down the street so you are not really stuck in the middle of nowhere with nothing to do or see. The staff at the hotel were very friendly and efficient, the bed was most comfortable and the breakfast was lovely. We chose to eat in the room and although this was very convenient, I thought it was a little excessive to be debited per person for the tray charge. I have always been charged one fee elsewhere.",Date of stay: December 2012,4.0
2736,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2740-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Very Comfortable,"Rooms in this hotel are variable with some being distinctly average but if you get a good  one (generally by asking to move once or twice!!) you will find that in a standard double room you have a spacious and luxurious room, fully equipped with everything you need in a good location, The bar is lovely and it even has a small gym in the basement! - Staff were average and not especially helpful, they lock the doors to the lobby at night for security and one evening i did find myself stood outside the hotel at 1am in the middle of winter for almost 15mins before managing to get the attention of a staff member to let me in!! -  but overall a decent experience and a very nice room, i have stayed here a couple of times now and always happy to come back.",Date of stay: December 2012,4.0
2737,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2740-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Value for money,"Not fantastically situated in terms of access via underground, it's a long walk from stations but number 10 bus served us well when we located it. Rooms small but clean. Breakfast way too expensive and I'm afraid we ended up in McDonalds via the no 10 bus! I'd stay here again but wouldn't try the underground to get there. Staff were friendly and helpful and we were able to leave our luggage until our room was ready. Beware of the automatic mini bar especially if you have small children.",Date of stay: December 2012,4.0
2738,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2740-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel....a little out of the way,"Firstly, the hotel is a few miles from the London tourist attractions but is served by nearby tube stations. However, during our stay, line closures meant we had to walk to Shepherd's Bush, which is about a mile away. Now onto the hotel room. The room was booked for us by our daughter for my 50th birthday, and we were informed that we had received an upgrade. The room was very spacious, huuuge bed and very comfortable. The only issue that I had was that 1 couldnt stand up in the shower without my head resting on the ceiling Overall though, very good VFM",Date of stay: December 2012,4.0
2739,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2740-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,We felt conned. Don't upgrade!!,"We've stayed with Hilton plenty of times, but this year decided to treat ourselves to a nice break rather than presents at Christmas, we decided to upgrade to from a standard room to executive as reviews on trip advisor said the std rooms were small and we figured that the difference between a deluxe room and executive room would be more than made up for by having access to the executive lounge with complimentary soft drinks, newspapers etc...   When we found the hotel we noticed that there wasn't the separate executive room and suite check in / out as advertised, but as it wasn't busy this wasn't a big issue. He receptionist told us that the executive lounge would be shut now but offered us a complimentary drink voucher, I took this to mean that they were cleaning up after…",Date of stay: December 2012,2.0
2740,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2745-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,short break,"We picked this hotel for it's proximity to Olympia.  The hotel entrance is nice and the reception staff on arrival were very welcoming.  Our room was very cold, we contacted maintenance who came up and tried to fix the heating. However it could not be fixed, he brought a portable heater up for the room. We were not very happy about this. We did not think it would be ample to heat the 2 rooms in our suite, he assured us it would. We went out for the evening, on our return the room was freezing. We contacted reception, they said someone would come up to see if the room was cold! 30 minutes later someone came with a key for another room, however we were dowgraded to a small room. The noise from the very busy road is terrible.",Date of stay: December 2012,1.0
2741,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2745-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Very small rooms, but clean","My room was the size of a large postage stamp. Just barely room for a full size bed and a small desk.  The lifts don't actually take you to where the rooms are either - you have to lift/carry your rolling suitcases up 6-8 steps. Pack light! Very hectic/busy neighborhood - not a good place for a leisurely walk. I travel a lot, and was a bit disappointed by this hotel. Will not stay here again.",Date of stay: December 2012,3.0
2742,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2745-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Reasonable, but below what I'd expect from a Hilton in a major city","Once out of the lobby and into the room areas, it just didn't look or feel like a Hilton (and even the lobby wasn't that impressive).  The basics:  - Room was just ok, somewhat dated, but functionally fine.  It was cold, but I think I was able to adjust the temp. - The floors/room areas seemed out of another hotel, and it seemed like an old property with strange floor layouts, and I suppose there's only so much they an do to improve that. - I didn't have any issues with noise.  But then I live in Brooklyn. - Despite Gold status, no upgrade.  Room was far from the elevator, involving two small sets of stairs, which wasn't fun with heavy baggage. - The location isn't right on any tube.  It's roughly equal-distant from High Street Kensington on the District & Circle lines and…",Date of stay: December 2012,3.0
2743,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2745-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Inconvenient & Noisy Place to Stay,"We stayed for 2 nights on 7th & 8th of December this year and on our first night had to complain about a party being held in a room below us, about which nothing was done. Additionally it is a very inconvenient place to get to; the tubes that go directly to the nearest stop are few & far between, so you have to change to the Overground one stop before, we spent ages waiting for the  connection to go just 1 stop. If you have already booked it suggest you go Shepherds Bush to be able to use underground without a fuss. Would not go there again.",Date of stay: December 2012,3.0
2744,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2745-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Typical Hilton Hotel,"This hotel was booked because I had some loyalty points to use up and I happened to be coming to London.   The hotel is nice enough and you always know what you are going to get with Hilton. However, the room was quite small, the window would not shut properly, and the bathroom needs a refresh.   It was probably the fact that the room is stuffed with furniture that it felt a little cramped  - a desk and a table with chairs in a room barely bigger than the double bed that was in it. So you did feel a bit like you were dodging around furniture. There is a mini bar (£4.50 for a litre of water - yikes!) and a television with stand also.   The window was broken so whilst it shut too, it wouldn't shut properly so you could hear the fans and general outside noise. It didn't stop the…",Date of stay: December 2012,3.0
2745,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2750-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Nice Hotel,","Stooped here using one of my free hilton night vouchers, given a standard double room - was street facing and the window did not quite close 100% and street noise could be heard but otherwise an OK hotel.",Date of stay: December 2012,4.0
2746,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2750-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Good Location,"We stayed here during Feb & March 2012 over 3 occasions for 5 nights each. The hotel is well situated in Kensington and it is a manageable walk down High Street to Harrods, Kensington Palace, Hyde Park and The Albert Hall. A bus stop is located almost directly outside the hotel so transport around London was VERY easily obtained. The Hotel Concierge were able to organise a taxis for any evening events and our airport transfers. The rooms/bathrooms were clean and neat but housekeeping happened very late each afternoon and we often arrived back to find our room still unserviced. The breakfasts were SENSATIONAL with an almost overwhelming choice each day. All in all, the hotel needs a bit of refurbishment but the positives far outweigh any negatives and we would happily stay here…",Date of stay: March 2012,3.0
2747,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2750-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Nice stay,"Stay this hotel 5 nights. Some review mention the hotel room is small, I agree with it ( same as in Tokyo, room size always not big but very funtioan). For us, we feel the room size is acceptable (litter biger than cruise ship cabin). Room, bathroom very clean, bed comfortable, free high speed internet in public area, early check-in, no problem (we arrive before 11:30am), check-in take no more than 2 mimutes. All staff we met are very friendly with smile, professional, ready to serve what you need. Tesco about 10 mimutes walk. The bus stop just next to hotel, use bus 9 and 10 go to Royal Albert Hall, Science Museum, Victory & Albert Museum, Natural History Museum, Hyde Park, Harrods Department store, Buckingham Palace, National Gallery, London Eye, Oxford Circus, Regent Street.…",Date of stay: November 2012,5.0
2748,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2750-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Very Disappointing,"Stayed for business on the 10/12/12.   Tiny room, with a single bed. Heating blowing cold air, air con and bathroom fan noise constantly (unable to turn off) Toilet fixed to the wall with pieces of wood crudely screwed together.  $150 per night £14 for WIFI! I paid  £12 for a bread bap with luke warm mushrooms sauce poured over it in the bar (very misleading menu) upon complaining the waiter told me I was paying for the Hilton Brand, and assured me it tasted good ( it didn't)  Over all a very disappointing experience. I managed to get 3 hours sleep, (an hour of which was after the requested wakeup call that I never received!)  I would not recommend this hotel.   A friend told me the room I paid £150pn for this week will be charged at £250pn next week. Which is crazy!   This…",Date of stay: December 2012,1.0
2749,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2750-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Not up to normal Hilton standards,Wife and I spent 3 nights here in mid November booked by daughter as near her accom. Hotel lobby and staff were fine but room was very shabby with very poor bathroom and shower facilities - a mouldy shower curtain over an open tile floor water went everwhere with unpleasant smell.Carpet in corridors worn and dirty. Bed and room size ok but really they need to upgrade the rooms to run under a Hilton banner!,Date of stay: November 2012,2.0
2750,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2755-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Group Stay at Hilton London Olympia,"Our group of 5 friends travelled to London for two events, one at Shepherds Bush Empire, the other at Hammersmith Apollo.  I picked Hilton London Olympia because it is only a short walk to either venue. I saw some reports saying it was a long way to the underground, I suppose if your the type that drives to the corner shop then it is, but for those of us that can manage a short or even a long walk it's not far at all. I timed it for the 5 of us to stroll to Earls Court tube station on the Sunday, a mammoth 12 minutes!! Hotel was great, very smart. Beds were decent size and I got to sleep straight away. No back issues in the morning either. One of us 6' 4"" and the bed was OK, I also asked for a room with decent height in the shower, we got this as I saw other rooms that had less…",Date of stay: December 2012,5.0
2751,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2755-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Roomy, but amenities/cleanliness/service not the best.","The rooms are larger than most European hotels, the bed was comfortable,  it's near the Kensington Olympia tube station, and there's a fantastic Indian restaurant across the street...and that's about the few good things I can say about it.  The free lobby internet works intermittently and only in some areas.  When I asked about it, the front desk girl wasn't helpful and just said that everyone else is using the same network fine.  I couldn't even trust that the paid in room internet would work.  The toilet pipe had rusty stains all over the tile, and the service was not that great.  It took a long time for anyone to pick up the phone in the morning.  Compared to other places I've stayed in London where the service was fantastic, this place was not worth the $188 US a night I…",Date of stay: December 2012,2.0
2752,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2755-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Saddest Hilton Ever,"Stayed here for one night recently and my mother summed it up perfectly when she said that Hilton should be embarrassed to have their name on this place.  To be fair, there were some pluses.  Staff, to the extent I interacted ith them were friendly, the place was clean enough, and it was in a pretty decent location.  That said, for being located in a pretty high end area, this place was just tired, dated, and to me, depressing.    Halls were dark and narrow, with weird half floors so that even after you'd taken the elevator to your floor you'd still have to manhandle your luggage down another small flight of stairs.  Walls were thin so you heard every car and bus that passed by on the busy road out front and every sound from the room next door (and yes, I do mean *every* sound. …",Date of stay: December 2012,2.0
2753,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2755-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Average to Very Good,"Stayed in double deluxe room (#656) booked through a special with AAA.  From the mixed reviews, we were somewhat apprehensive but needn't have been.  This hotel has undergone a major remodeling recently.  The lobby, front desk, bar area and restaurant were nicely appointed with a clean, modern look.  I was pleasantly surprised that our room had a king-size bed!  That said, there was little room to walk around in front of the bed.  The room size was more than we had expected and the bathroom was clean and updated.  How thoughtful to have your own waffle-weave robe and slippers waiting for you--and the large bath towels were very nice but could be softer.  This hotel is very convenient to getting into the heart of London for sightseeing.  The #9 and #10 buses run 24 hours and you…",Date of stay: December 2012,3.0
2754,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2755-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Reasonable value for London,"First time I had been here in nearly 20 years, better than my distant memory, especially the public areas. Stayed for 2 nights to be near friends staying nearby  No upgrade offered as a Gold VIP  or excuse that I recall. This is now quite unusual. Usually I would challenge but as I was in a hurry did not. Small single room was quiet enough for me.  Near Olympia station or long walk to tube. Safe enough area when walking at night also.  Good breakfast of its type  Car park looked after by friendly attendant",Date of stay: May 2012,3.0
2755,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2760-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Dirty and Rude Staff,"We were given a twin room at checkin.  We inquired about a double and the front desk staff got very rude with us.  The lady was incredibly rude.    The room was located on the 6th floor.  It was tiny.  The worst part was the bathroom.  The paint was peeling off the bottom of the tub.  There was scum and mold growing on the tiles and tub.  Disgusting.    The lobby and the location were very nice.  Otherwise, I would not recommend.  Even for a £80 Expedia deal.  YUCK!",Date of stay: December 2012,1.0
2756,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2760-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel with friendly staff,This was a nice hotel which had clearly been refurbished over the last couple of years. Would have given a higher rating but the leg was broken on our bed and as it was late we had to sleep with it in that condition. Hotel did fix the bed next day and were apologetic. Our room overlooked the High Street and was noisy.  Staff very friendly and helpful.,Date of stay: December 2012,3.0
2757,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2760-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Did not get what we booked though staff were excellent all round,Booking through Last Minute we requested a quiet room on a lower floor and so were very disappointed to be allocated Room 731 on the 7th floor right next to an internal service courtyard housing air conditioning ducts that are noisy 24/7...the noises range from whining to rhythmic as the fans interact and there are occasional knocking noises too. We were moved to a room on the first floor for the second night which was much closer to what we had requested when booking however the traffic noise once again meant broken sleep though not as severe as the first night. Apart from these noise problems and the room not being what we requested when booking we were impressed with the cleanliness of the facilities provided. We were also very impressed by all the staff we came in contact…,Date of stay: November 2012,3.0
2758,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2760-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,decent business hotel - rooms good,"the hilton is a decent business hotel, close to olympia. modern, clean. had an executive room, which allowed access to exec lounge - this was quite small.  i booked it for a meeting, then they wouldn't allow my guests in..... which was fine if they'd have told me that originally - the Hilton Metropole had let me! if i am at olympia again, will stay, just for the convenience. other than that..... choose a different part of london. quite pricey",Date of stay: November 2012,3.0
2759,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2760-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,OK if the price is right.,"This hotel is quite old and tired. A bit of a basic room for an upgrade with window that didnt fit the frame and with it overlooking Kensington High street, very noisy. However overall a decent place for just over £100 with lounge access so drinks and snacks. Good breakfast , for 9am on a Sunday not the queues you get at some hotels. Great if you are visitin Olympia, Earls Court or the Albert Hall and the wonderful Holland Park a few minutes walk away.",Date of stay: November 2012,4.0
2760,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2765-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,More money for less service and value is not a good idea.,"The London Hilton Olympia Hotel has gone downhill since we stayed there a few years back.  It now costs quite a bit more money and does not include breakfast as it did in the past.  It offers noticeably less service and value than it did before.  The maid did not even leave enough soap or toilet paper.  We feel that this is not a good business practice, and we probably won't be back.",Date of stay: November 2012,3.0
2761,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2765-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Great if your room is not street side.,"Great location. Clean and great staff. But, we paid for an executive upgrade. The room overlooked the Kensington road and was so noisy we couldn't sleep. The windows offer no sound proofing. Kind of ruined our stay. Make sure you ask for quiet rooms.",Date of stay: November 2012,3.0
2762,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2765-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Annual Dinner,I was attending a dinner at Lancaster Gate and needed a hotel that I could park the car easily in West London. This hotel was ideal as  Gold Hilton member I got an executive refurbished room and access to the Exec Lounge where you can met fellow travellers over a drink. This Hilton has been upgraded in the last 12 months and it shows. The staff were really helpful and friendly. The buses are just outside and Kensington High St is a short walk. I will return again in 2013.,Date of stay: November 2012,4.0
2763,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2765-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Very nice, comfortable stay","I stayed at the Olympia for two nights to attend a conference.  The room was lovely, very comfortable, and staff were helpful.  The location is not very near the Underground, but there is a good bus route that goes into the centre of London.  There are very nice restaurants nearby.  The gym was a bit disappointing - tiny, in the basement; but overall a very pleasant stay.",Date of stay: July 2012,4.0
2764,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2765-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Good hotel in ideal location for Olympia,"I stayed for two nights whilst attending a conference at the Olympia conference centre, which is just 5 minutes' walk away.  I was also very grateful to find how close it is to the Overground station as I arrived tired after a long journey from Devon and it was literally 3 minutes' walk.  Check in was friendly and efficient, as was the service at breakfast (i.e. showing me to my table - the breakfast is buffet service).  It seems as modern, clean, well-kept hotel, what little I saw of it - reception, restaurant for breakfast and my single room.  I liked the understated decor and well-designed room.  Yes the single room I had was small, but it didn't seem cramped.   The bathroom was fine and the over-bath shower very good.  It took me a while to find the hairdrier (in the…",Date of stay: November 2012,4.0
2765,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2770-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Very pleasant stay,"My husband and I booked online for an overnight stay at Hilton London Olympia as we were attending an Exhibition at Earls Court so was convenient.  We chose the hotel in particular because of the parking, but we didn't look closely enough into this as when we turned up there was no chance we were going to fit out Land Rover into the car park due to height restrictions.  We were however able to make most of the free street parking until Monday morning.  We had opted for the upgrade option online so when we checked in we were upgraded to an executive suite. This was a very pleasant room, with a lounge area and separate bedroom.  The bed was huge and extremely comfortable.  Having access to the Executive Lounge is such a pleasant experience, friendly helpful staff, in a comfy,…",Date of stay: September 2012,4.0
2766,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2770-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Fine place,"Stayed in a single room for a business trip.  I found a good price and it was just fine.  The room was tiny, but served its purpose.  Staff was friendly.  The hotel is about a 10-15 minute walk to the nearest tube and about 5 minutes to the Overground.    If the location was better, I'd consider staying here again.",Date of stay: November 2012,3.0
2767,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2770-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Average Hotel with basic necessities provided,"My husband and myself stayed at the Hilton London Olympia for 6 days. We arrived quite early before the check-in time, so we left our luggage with the concierge and went out to explore London. There is no underground near the hotel; but the 27, 10 and 12 buses will take you to Kensington High Street Station where you can get anywhere you want.   The room is a bit small and you can hear the constant traffic sound. The bathroom is tiny and the bathtub was not clean. Tea / coffee making facilities were provided. The bed was very uncomfortable and the creaking sounds were unbearable everytime we tossed and turned. The hotel is not the best Hilton we've stayed in and I don't think we'd wanna come back here.",Date of stay: November 2012,3.0
2768,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2770-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Keep an eye out for special offers!,"We stayed here for two nights as we were going to the good food show at Olympia. You couldn't get a better location and I freely admit to being one of the 'refugees' in the lovely bar! Ok, it's not next door to the tube station but a 27 bus right outside takes you to paddington with a stop at noting hill if you want the central line. We got a special offer and so the bill for the two nights was only a little over £200 and that included breakfast! Fantastic value for central London!! ",Date of stay: November 2012,4.0
2769,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2770-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Olympia - great place to stay for Olympia conference,"I stayed here this week for a conference taking place at Olympia. Booking very late, all my usual London favourites were either very expensive or full so decided if I was going to pay a lot, might as well be close. Room rate was over £300.00 per night.......   The first standard room was a bit like a corridor - very dark and dismal and could not face it - so was offered a (paid) upgrade to an Executive room by the very efficient and nice check-in person. Definitely worth the extra, although still nowhere near the standard I would expect from a HIlton Executive room, being a strange mix of modern (Bed v comfy) and old/tired - bathroom was a grubby disgrace, but at least everything worked. Lighting also somewhat bland using low energy lights.   This part of the hotel had corridors…",Date of stay: November 2012,3.0
2770,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2775-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Comfortable Stay in London,"The Hilton London Olympia is located in the Kensington district of London.  It is convenient to transportation and  restaurants.  It is very modern with, perhaps, the most comfortable hotel beds that I have ever slept in.  There is an open, airy, modern furnished bar steps up from the lobby.  The restaurant, Society, is where a full English breakfast is served as part of the room rate.  The staff were very friendly and helpful.  We were there for6 days and I would definitely stay there again.",Date of stay: November 2012,4.0
2771,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2775-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,They have one of the smallest double rooms in the city,"Even most of the rooms in Europe are small in size this Hilton is the winner!...I have stayed previously in this Hotel, but honestly I will look for something else next time in London. They have upgraded the front office, but service is slow. I had for 3 Nights a room with no heating functioning!. They deliver a small heating unit which works...but you expect from a Hilton at least to fix it during your stay...never happened!. Service in restaurant really cold and also restaurant looks renovated but service is not good enough...!",Date of stay: November 2012,3.0
2772,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2775-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Don't be fooled by the official rating,"I have stayed in this hotel a few times on business as it is near a client's office. It suffers from excessive noise (a very busy road on 3 sides with those overlooking the front worst of all), The bar gets crowded with refugees from the local exhibition centre if there is something on there which means you can't have a drink, and the hordes hang about outside drinking and smoking so you have to barge your way in. Also it is no where near the underground- the one labeled close only works at certain times- not every day. Positives, quite a good exec lounge, very helpful staff. It is scruffy and quite dirty witha run-down appearance",Date of stay: October 2012,3.0
2773,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2775-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Very helpful staff,"Stayed here overnight while visiting the Spirit of Christmas Fayre at Olympia.  We chose the hotel due to it's proximity to Olympia, which is only a couple of minutes walk away.  The reception staff were extremely helpful and managed to change our room from a double to a twin, which we were unable to pre-book due to no availability.  After a long day walking round the exhibition/fayre we were looking forward to relaxing over a couple of glasses of wine!    We went down to dinner at 8.00pm and were surprised that the restaurant was not only extremely quiet but absolutely freezing!  We had left our coats upstairs so had to sit there and shiver throughout our meal!  The food was absolutely fine but unfortunately due to the complete lack of any ambience and the freezing conditions,…",Date of stay: November 2012,3.0
2774,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2775-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Look forward to go back again,"I've stayed at this Hotel on several occasions, my last visit was for a Business trip. And they are always courteous and professional. Even if 1 of their staff was a bit rude, I will at hold that against them, because everyone else at the Hotel was charming and the service was great.   It is also so close to everything, right on High street Kennsington, walking distance from the underground. I look forward to go back again soon.",Date of stay: December 2011,4.0
2775,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2780-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Some flaws, but overall good","I stayed at this hotel for three nights and was overall pleased with my stay. Staff at the desk were nice, as well as the breakfast staff. The room was nice and comfortable. The TV didn't really work (the image kept freezing), but that didn't matter much. The location was nice as well. I would perhaps not book this hotel by myself for a private trip, but for this work trip it was really good.",Date of stay: October 2012,4.0
2776,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2780-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Helpful staff and convenient location.,"General area has construction taking place now but the inside of the hotel is nice and the staff helpful. As mentioned in previous reviews, there is good city access via the tube stations nearby.   The standard rooms are of average size and include an iron,tea kettle and flat screen TV. If you have problems with stairs, be advised that there are short flights of stairs between the lift and many of the rooms...even though you're on the same floor. Perhaps your reservation could assure you're in an accessible room from the lift.  If you're a light sleeper, I'd suggest asking for a room away from the train station. I was directly opposite and had no problems with the window closed. The wifi was fast enough for VOIP calls.   I didn't have time for the breakfast so visited the Costa…",Date of stay: October 2012,4.0
2777,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2780-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Good location, average hotel","The location is in a good location, 10 mins from tube station, then a ticket to anywhere. I'm not sure i would describe this hotel as 'chic,' more 'rather dated.' The hotel is obviously very busy but that didn't bother us. what i did find surprising was that we had no safe in the room. At the desk i was also told there was no room in their safe and they had run out of sealed bags anyway! With a little persuasion they took my valuables and put them in the 'managers safe,' what ever that was, but they were reluctant to do so. After returning late back one evening, there wasn't a soul in sight, anywhere. Not sure what that has to say about security.",Date of stay: October 2012,3.0
2778,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2780-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Good location pity the Hotel wasn't as good,Location is great 15 minute gentle stroll looking at the shops on our way to the Royal Albert Hall. I upgraded only to find the room was set for one person not two. so the boast of luxury toiletries fell well short as did the refreshment tray. Sorry wont be going back really very average fo a 4 star.,Date of stay: October 2012,3.0
2779,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2780-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"An ugly book, with beautiful content","Stayed here for my birthday and really enjoyed our stay. The hotel looked awful from the outside; more like a block of flats, but upon walking in we were amazed at how different it appeared. We had a long wait due to a lot of people checking in and out, but check in was swift in the end.   The room was huge, with a comfortable bathroom, and complimentary magazines and water on the table as we entered.   Excellent value for money, and despite the works on the Tube at the weekend, it wasn't too painful to get to. A pleasant walk down Kensington High Street, and right next door to Kensington Olympia Tube station.   Slightly dated decor, but the rooms were beautiful.   Would definitely stay again.",Date of stay: October 2012,4.0
2780,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2785-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Rooms fixtures dated, but location is nice and breakfast good",Location is great - you can easily walk to Barons Court tube station or take the #9 or #10 bus right out of front door. Easy walking access to restaurants and pubs. Lobby is very nice and hotel bar seemed lively.,Date of stay: October 2012,4.0
2781,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2785-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"A cracking, good value for money hotel with pleasant staff and a good breakfast.","Booked this through lastminute.com as a secret hotel and couldn't have been more delighted.  Lovely staff, spacious and clean rooms, a cracking breakfast and great decor.  It is a good ten minute walk from 3 separate tube stations but this is reflected in the price.  I recommend walking to the Hammersmith station as there are a few good pubs on the way.  Highly recommended!",Date of stay: October 2012,5.0
2782,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2785-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,not too bad.....,"My sisters Hen weekend was booked here. Very clean everywhere and all staff very helpful!! Even calling taxi's for quotes for our night out! Great location too! I have to say though, I wasnt too impressed that our entire party was separated on different floors but obviously they have to put you where they can find space I suppose. Breakfast was a great selection but you had to eat anything 'hot' very quickly as it was only lukewarm at best, scrambled egg lacked seasoning/taste, sausages were clearly good quality but slightly too pink in the middle for me but still tasty but hey I went back for some yummy fruit and left the restaurant full!! The fragrance making was fantastic part of our hen weekend and I highly recommend it to anyone! I wasn't too happy that on a Sunday morning,…",Date of stay: October 2012,4.0
2783,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2785-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Perfect Location for Hammersmith Apollo,"Booked at last minute to see Dara O' Briain at the Apollo for our Wedding Anniversary as my husband loves him. Decide to treat ourselves to a night in the hotel to save having to drive and to enjoy a drink. This Hotel was a perfect spot, just up the road , not too expensive with all the luxury I have come to expect from a Hilton. The whole experience was fab, the room great (very large bed) and spacious, the exec lounge comfy and well stocked. Breakfast the next day was brilliant and they let us have a late check out so there was no rush just a nice relaxing morning and not having to leave until 2.00pm was a added bonus. I will definately book here again when next in hammersmith.",Date of stay: October 2012,4.0
2784,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2785-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Centrally located comfortable hotel.,Most of the rooms are good other than the single rooms which are too small. I like the location and the fact that it is well connected through the bus routes to all of London. The bus stop is very close to the hotel and one can hop in and to go to Kensington high street tube which connects you virtually to most of London. I like travelling by buses as London has such fabulous old buildings and when you are in the tube you miss out on these special sights. The concierge at the hotel is very helpful and helps to get taxis at a good rate. They booked me a private taxi to go to Heathrow airport which was cheaper than the Taxi I got from the airport to the hotel. The staff is very helpful and made my stay really comfortable. The breakfast spread is great  and the food generally is…,Date of stay: August 2012,4.0
2785,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2790-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Not a bad hotel,"The staff were very helpful on arrival and although we arrived 4 hours before check in they let us have a few rooms early. The beds were very comfortable and the general cleanliness was of a high standard. The bar is very nice, and the breakfast was definatly my high light :) only thing I could say bad was the tv was a little temperamental, I nearly got lost on a couple of occasions trying to get back to my room as it was a bit like a rat run in parts, and the chamber maids tried entering the room twice within 20 mins of each other 3 hours before check out.",Date of stay: October 2012,3.0
2786,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2790-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Cebntrally located, convenient hotel","This hotel is quite dated but unbelievably good value for its location in london. The room was a good size, with a very comfortable bed. You would be hard-pressed to find such a spacious room in london. We stayed during the olympics and paid a reasonable price despite this. The staff were friendly and also let us check out late from our room. The only downside was that the air conditioning was very temperamental.. there was no thermostat that we could adjust and it was far too cold.",Date of stay: August 2012,4.0
2787,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2790-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Exhibition Hotel,"We stay here every year when we do Olympia Ecom Expo.   The hotel is handy for Olympia and there are several great restaurants about and it is on Kensington High Street (bit of a hike to the shops end though).  The closest tube station is Olympia for under and overground, the underground service is a bit limited, but you could walk to other tube stations.  The room rate we paid was £180 inc full breakfast and the breakfast is the very best thing about this hotel, fast efficient service and great food and choice. I have not eaten in the restaurant but I am told it is very good as well.  The rooms are to a high standard, th WIFI is not free and at £14.99 a day not cheap, but you can use your BT WIFI if you are a BT customer which is free, Hooray!  I would not stay here for family…",Date of stay: October 2012,4.0
2788,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2790-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Excellent breakfast, rooms good, but extras are pricey","Stayed here for one night at the beginning of a London trip.  The hotel itself is in a nice area with a lot of restaurants and shops around.  It is however quite a few blocks away from the closest tube stop.  We had nice weather during our stay, so this was a non issue.  We had booked a twin room, and as we were off of a Trans-Atlantic flight, our room was not ready (we did not expect it to be ready).  The coincierge was nice enough to take our luggage, and give us a map with the local area shops/restaurants and transport options.    We were able to check into the room around 3PM.  The room itself was average size for London (a little smaller than average elsewhere).  The bathroom was typical London awkward, with the bathtub/shower raised fairly high off the floor, and your head…",Date of stay: October 2012,4.0
2789,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2790-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Good location for Earls Court and Westfield.  Parking Tip!,"We stayed here on a Saturday night as we were going to see George Michael at Earls Court (which was a 10 minute walk away).  There are loads of places to eat around the hotel - particularly on Earls Court Road and in the nearby Westfield Shopping Centre (again 10 minute walk away).   As previously mentioned, the hotel is in an old building with old lifts and you have to be realistic - the hotel arent going to be able to make structural changes so the room sizes will always be the same.  We found the room to be modern with a view overlooking Kensington High Street.  Air conditioning worked well, good size TV, excellent bed.  Only real issue with the room was the headroom when in the shower - anyone over 6 feet tall would struggle.  However, again, this is down to the age of the…",Date of stay: October 2012,4.0
2790,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2795-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Unimpressed...,"Well, maybe I had a bad room, but it really wasn't up to scratch (apart from the breakfast!).  The room was a decent size and comfy.  However, it was too warm and the thermostat didn't appear to do anything...I could probably have opened a window you might say, but unfortunately being on the first floor it was really noisy, throughout the night, so that was out of the question.  The TV/Radio signal was also fairly appalling and seemed to be weather dependent!  The bathroom was a bit tired and stunk of cigarettes.  I think this was due to the smell being ingrained in the shower curtains, but somehow it percolated to the towels as well.  Not nice.  Breakfast was nice, standard buffet stuff.  But overall, not impressed, and certainly not for over £200 a night!",Date of stay: October 2012,2.0
2791,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2795-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Great Choice for the Money,"You could surely find more luxurious (and expensive) hotels in London, and some closer to the center of town. But, for the relatively inexpensive cost of the Hilton London Olympia, you get a well-kept hotel, in a good neighborhood, (about two miles west of Hyde Park), with a bus stop a couple blocks away (to take you into the heart of the city in a short time). There's an underground stop a couple blocks away as well but its schedule is not one of the best. Our room was clean and spacious although there are some short series of steps to navigate with luggage since it appears several different buildings, with different floor levels, were spliced together to form this hotel.  The complimentary breakfast was excellent, with a wide variety of choices and a chef cooking omelets to…",Date of stay: September 2012,4.0
2792,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2795-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Nice, but....","This hotel has small rooms and is almost a mile away from the nearest Tube station. The lobby's free wireless internet was flaky—my friend and I were kicked off so many times it became unbearably frustrating. It is more of a ""tour group"" hotel than anything.",Date of stay: September 2012,3.0
2793,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2795-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Good for the price,"It's our second stay at the Hilton London Olympia and the impression is the same as it was three years ago: an old building, rooms not too small, expensive frigobar, good bathroom, clean room, good location. The price is almost half the other hotels in the Hilton chain charge, and that is the point: London is an expensive city. Of course I do not like the internet prices, but this is a problem of the Hilton chain (I've promissed myself not to go to hotels whose internet is not free).  I will certainly return to the Hilton Olympia.",Date of stay: October 2012,3.0
2794,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2795-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Excellent hotel,"On arriving early we were told that our room was ready and that they have upgraded us to a suite,The room was excellent pop up sofa bed for the kids and a seperate bedroom for us which had a big comfy bed,overall clean rooms good breakfast and quality customer service",Date of stay: October 2012,5.0
2795,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2800-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Shocking Service and fake charges,"Well this was a shock as I thought it would be a good experience especially as a gold member. However I was wrong. Check in - was swift the lady on reception was very helpful, directed me to the executive lounge and gave me the opening times. Room - was supposedly an executive room but it was far from it, in fact no better than a standard room in other Hilton's. Bathroom - dated and very drab, disappointing. Shower rail hanging off 1 of the walls. Executive lounge - I had breakfast in here eventually as my key card didn't work. A lady was in there reading the paper (staff not guest) eventually opened the door. Questioned me as to what I was doing, I told her I was trying to get in for breakfast. The very rude lady informed me it was for executive rooms only and asked me my name…",Date of stay: October 2012,1.0
2796,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2800-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Trying......but,","The location is nice, breakfast is great, but it is a bit odd of a hotel inside and it has a way to go on service.   I thought the first time I was here that the halls and interior were a bit odd,  the room was a bit of a make do etc due to an old building fixed up.  But this trip, I was even given a diamond upgrade to an executive room and found that the oddness continued I realized they were a place long on location and name and short on facilities and service.  The rooms are small, the ceilings are low and it adds to he feeling of being cramped.  In the bathroom the shower is challenged by the low ceilings and would not recommend for someone over 6'.  The smallness of the restroom was offset by being able to wash your hands while still seated but challenged navigation to the…",Date of stay: October 2012,2.0
2797,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2800-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Noisy air conditioning vent right outside the room,"We had booked a relatively cheap rate for the area, once passed the frontage of the hotel which was modern the rest was old fashioned and dreary. Our room on floor 7 looked out over a small area which housed the air con vent. It was like having a jet engine outside. When we complained (along with friends we were with who were on the other side of it) we were told they were full and we could not move the receptionist was less than helpful or symathetic. Free breakfast was offered as compensation. The bedroom was very small and the price of the minibar was outrageous. We were only there for 1 night thank goodness. Breakfast was fine but I am glad I did not pay for it. Would not go again!",Date of stay: October 2012,2.0
2798,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2800-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Excellent Private Dining in Society Restaurant,"I arranged to have my birthday dinner at the Society restaurant at the Hilton London Olympia for a group of 12. We were set up in the private dining in the back of the restaurant. The food was exceptional and the wine that was suggested accompanied the meal wonderfully. Adding a personal touch to my experience, I was presented with a sticky toffee pudding for dessert (which I opted for) with the words 'Happy Birthday' written around the plate in chocolate sauce. Our waitress Vania was very attentive and made the whole experience fantastic. After dinner we went to the bar for a night cap where we were served by Zoltan who made sure we had everything we needed. The manager on duty, Alian came over to speak to our party to make sure we were well looked after and having a wonderful…",Date of stay: October 2012,5.0
2799,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2800-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Stuck-up receptionists. Out-of-order TV.,"After touring Bath, the Lake District and York, we returned to London and spent our last 2 nights in the UK at Hilton Olympia. As highlighted by the preceding reviewer, ""mat909in"", we were shocked to find that the overnight parking charge was GBP35. We only needed to park the car for about 12 hours as we were returning the car to the car rental the following day, we thought that the overnight parking charge was extreme, especially for the hotel's staying guests.  We found that the location isn't the most convenient along Kensington High Street. Though the hotel is near to Kensington (Olympia) station, it isn't conveniently serviced by the tube. The District Line only calls at this station on Bank Holidays and weekends. Several transfers are required to get to most popular…",Date of stay: October 2012,2.0
2800,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2805-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Worst Manager, Damp room and small, nightmare in parking","I have stayed in many hilton hotels but this one tops in one of the worst hotels I have stayed in my entire life. First of all the parking gates close in midnight and the security guard took about half an hour to open the gate when I opened at one. As a Hilton customer parking is 15 pounds but I was charged 35 pounds in the reception when I was 100% sure that it was 15 due to my previous stays at Hilton.  The receptionist had no idea what he was doing at the till, the female night duty manager (she was  mexican) came half asleep and was extremely rude to us, her first words were ""what do you want"" and we were arguing for a good 15 minutes. Then we had to pay full 35 pounds. We asked her whether the road was a congestion charge zone she was like yes it is and you have to pay so I…",Date of stay: October 2012,1.0
2801,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2805-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"A tired hotel, in need of care","Only the lobby of this hotel has been kept upto date. Rooms were small, tried to sell bottled water for 8.50 a bottle..HVAC was broken..maintance knew nothing..Woman at breakfast bar was nasty to all customers.bathroom had tile mold and lots of missing paint. room was small and uneven floor plan mase luggage moving hard.",Date of stay: September 2012,3.0
2802,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2805-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Great weekend,Great hotel for a weekend away with my wife. Breakfast was great. Bus right at the door step took you straight into the city centre. Staff were great. Will definitely use it again. Lovely atmosphere in the bar at night even if the cocktails were a little pricey.,Date of stay: July 2012,4.0
2803,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2805-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Small, outdated, dark and not what I would expect from a Hilton.","This was the second Hilton I stayed in in a month. I was once again surprised to see a hotel in a good location with a good name being neglected. Rooms were small, awkward, dark and in need of some TLC and updating. My carpet was wrinkled and I kept tripping obit. The fan in the bathroom had dust built up so far it must have been 1"" deep. Aside from the killer location near the tube and concention, there has to be better for the price. ",Date of stay: September 2012,2.0
2804,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2805-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,It really was only average,"We stayed for a weekend in September 2012. Our rooms were very small, in fact when we had got out two large and two small cases in there was barely any room at all.. and down long long corridors.  The rooms were clean and the bathroom nice but still fairly dreary.  There were restaurants and pubs close by and it was relatively easy to get public transport. I was not bothered by any noise and the staff were friendly.  I did not like the bed..lumpy and lop sided my husband and I both felt we were about to roll off any any point..perhaps the mattresses need replacement as the sides seem crushed down from people sitting on the side of the bed...there wasn't much room to sit anywhere else. We only had one breakfast in the hotel as there were alternatives near by at much cheaper…",Date of stay: September 2012,3.0
2805,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2810-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Worst stay in all of England!,"If you are a Hilton Honors client, run and do not walk away from this property. That is unless you enjoy a room on the lowest floor, across from a filling station, and traffic so loud that you cannot have a conversation in the room! That was our reward stay on Sept 13th...thank you, Hilton!  We flew in from USA with an advance reservation for a one-night reward stay, plus a consecutive night with our Trafalgar tour group. Hilton worldwide reservations was informed of our need for two nights, in the same hotel and in the same room. When we arrived in the AM, the room was not ready and we were told to come back at 3PM for checkin. The room we were assigned was just terrible because of the noise and it continued into the night and early AM. When I spoke to the desk about the…",Date of stay: September 2012,2.0
2806,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2810-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Great hotel,"I stayed at the Hilton Olympia as I was working at a expo at Olympia.  The hotel is in a fantastic location for Olympia and has a few restaurants within walking distance (or you can eat in the hotel).  The room/bathroom was clean and well kept.  The bed was comfortable and I had an excellent nights sleep, if anything the room was a little warm but I hadn't turned the air-con on.  Breakfast was brilliant, there is a massive selection of food, it caters for everyone!  The staff are brilliant, they were all so friendly and happy to help.",Date of stay: September 2012,5.0
2807,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2810-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Good Value in London!,"The pros:  - VERY friendly and helpful front desk staff. I accidentally booked a single room rather than a double room and the hotel was polite and accomodating, even though they had a full house. They went above and beyond to help and it was MUCH appreciated after 20+ hours of travel.  - Added bonus to have Costa right downstairs for a quick (and inexpensive!) coffee and breakfeast before heading out for the day.  - Room was modern, fresh and clean with comfortable bed and pillows. Brand new? No. For a London hotel though, this is i think the best value you are going to find for a newer hotel.  - Tons of shopping and dining options all around the hotel in all price ranges.  - While excercise room was small, there are SO many great places to run/walk right outside the hotel. Get…",Date of stay: September 2012,4.0
2808,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2810-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Super-Nice Week-long Stay,"We had a lovely time at the Hilton Olympia on an eight-day trip to London. The Olympia is an excellent value, and beautifully kept. This Hilton was built into a pre-existing older building - Don't expect the American-style huge rooms and sweeping expanses of glass of a purpose-built US Hilton. It is a nice contemporary hotel in a lovely neighborhood within easy striking-distance of the attractions in Westminster, St. Paul's, Victoria, Southwark, etc.   Location  Be sure to do your research. The Olympia Station around the corner is not an underground tube stop. It is an Overground stop (otherwise useful, but not the same as the tube) and does not run regularly. You can hop on any of four red double-decker bus lines directly outside the hotel, and you'll be at the High Street…",Date of stay: September 2012,4.0
2809,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2810-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Good location but shabby hotel,"My wife and I chose to stay at Hilton Olympia because we were participating at a trade fair at Olympia itself, only a 3-minute walk away. Fortunately we used my accumulated Hilton Honors points and didn't pay ""real money"" otherwise we would have been really disappointed. My wife's adjective to describe the hotel is shabby; mine is mediocre. Whatever, it doesn't live up to the expectations that go with being a Hilton. We drove to London as we had stand equipment for the fair but we felt that £35.00 per night for parking was rather steep. Added to that the rather odd system used to control parking led at one point to the attendant trying to charge me £100.00 deposit before he would allow me to take our car out of the car park. That was resolved, eventually, but another cost we…",Date of stay: September 2012,2.0
2810,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2815-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Good location shame about the noise,"Spent 2 nights at this hotel. Location was great on bustling Kemsington High St, However, the hotel did not live up to the expectations that is associated with the Hilton name. The room was noisy which did affect sleep. The bathroom was very small and our sink was cracked and the bath chipped. The paintwork was chipped which gave the impression of shabby rather than 4 star! On arrival we were advised that interent charges were £14.99 in the rooms but could use for free in the lobby, however did have huge problems trying to log on to internet so gave up and found other places were internet was more easliy accessible and not so expensive! Wouldn't recommend this hotel.",Date of stay: September 2012,2.0
2811,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2815-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Great Hotel,"This was our first stop in a Euro trip. We were very pleased with the hotel, room, staff. everything. Most of all DINNER!! We were told we ate the first night of a new menu (August 31, 2012). The food was surprisingly delicious! We had Scallops with black pudding and bacon. Asparagus with Bearnaise sauce and a quail egg. Cauliflower roasted garlic soup. Chicken with lemon and herb butter sauce. So yummy! The concierge were very helpful. nice little gift shop in the lobby. Great Stay! The view out the window wasn't great, but we didn't care.",Date of stay: August 2012,5.0
2812,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2815-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Would stay here again.,"Our family trip started in London and we stayed 2 nights at the Hilton London Olympia Hotel. The hotel was perfect for us! The hotel staffs are wonderfully helpful and friendly. It has modern and clean and efficient use of space (plenty of space for people and bags, but not a lot of wasted space). The restaurant was very nice and a great way to start the day, many thanks for David and Erica. The hotel is close to High Street Kensington Station. The Society Bar is fantastic, very modern and fashion, you have to try the Rib eye steak (awesome). Thank you Blanca and Victoria for the professional service. I would definitely stay there again.",Date of stay: September 2012,4.0
2813,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2815-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Very friendly and Helpful Staff, Very Small Rooms","This hotel is a typical European hotel, very friendly staff, very small rooms, very small elevators, very small hallways, very small closets, very small workout room, etc. Yet it is in an excellent spot where there is lots to do. My company puts me up here when I travel to London so I don't stay here by choice, but it is very typical of the small rooms, etc. of the culture. This is not an American Hilton.",Date of stay: September 2012,3.0
2814,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2815-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Night out in London,Booked the Hilton as a late deal b&b. Location was not as central but the bus stop was outside hotel and great services into all central areas. Busy hotel and staff were efficient and helpful. Breakfast was exceptional in choice and quality. Bar prices high but good bars nearby and sensible prices. Would return but only on good price deal.,Date of stay: May 2012,4.0
2815,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2820-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,London Vacation,"Hotel was quite good, except for room assignment that had its window looking onto an air shaft area.  Being on the 2nd floor, this did not provide any natural light into the room.  Room size (bedroom and bath) is not typical of past experinces with U.S. Hilton hotels.  Wi-Fi was not available in room without an excessive charge.  Ony available without cost in lobby area, and only 2 computers available.",Date of stay: September 2012,3.0
2816,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2820-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Good hotel, but don't expect the hilton room size standards when in London","Well, it's my first stay at a Hilton in London, I was a bit surprisred about the size of the room and the bathroom. I've stayed in many hiltons around the world and got used to large room and bathrooms. The olympia is not the case, and according to my understanding, that is the case in all Hiltons in London. The room was very small, and the bathroom was tiny!  Also, the bed sheets were too short and didn't cover the entire bed lengths... Other than that, the crew was friendly, the rooms were clean, and the breakfast was very good. Too bad they only have free Wi-Fi in public areas....",Date of stay: September 2012,3.0
2817,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2820-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Great value in Kensington,"I spent a week here at the tail end of London 2012. After an early arrival at Heathrow the staff were accommodating in getting my room ready as soon as possible. The concierge was helpful with directions to the Olympic Stadium. I had a good sized room and as a Gold Member enjoyed access to the Executive Lounge. There is some definite wear and tear and elevator waits can be relatively long, but all in all an enjoyable stay and value for money. Although bus transport is convenient I took advantage of the daily walk along Kensington High Street. ",Date of stay: September 2012,4.0
2818,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2820-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,A Great Experience,"The Hilton London Olympia gets a lot of bad press because of their location, which I don’t believe is totally justifiable.  Yes, it is located close the Olympia overground station, unfortunately that train does not arrive on a regular basis.  The other option is to take the High Street Kensington station which is down the street, however transporting your luggage does not make this a fun walk.  If not taking the much closer Olympia station, I would suggest getting off at the High Street Kensington station and taking the #9 or #10 bus, which almost drops you off at the front door.  As you enter the hotel, the registration desk is directly in front of you.  Check-in was quick and efficient.  I was given an Executive King Room with Executive Lounge access.  As a Hilton HHonors Gold…",Date of stay: September 2012,5.0
2819,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2820-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Great staff, nice rooms, will need refurb soon","First time I'd stayed at the Olympia and it was a pleasant experience. We extended our stay twice due to a changing schedule and the front-office staff were very good at accommodating our request. A new and welcome aspect is that they are now advertising an all-inlusive daily rate so no surprises.    Breakfast was first-class and the younger generation staff in the restaurant were a breath of fresh air. The Executive Lounge was adequate but at the weekend they're in a hurry to get you out not long after 8 PM; not an issue if you're expecting it and to be honest, one shouldn't be skulking around in an Exec lounge in London at the weekend.   I stayed in 2 different rooms in the week we were there and the first, on the 8th floor overlooking Kengsington High Street was well…",Date of stay: September 2012,4.0
2820,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2825-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Good value hotel for easy access to Royal Albert Hall,This hotel is consistently cheaper than the other London Hiltons and does look a bit dowdy.  A new executive lounge has been added and although the rooms are a bit dated they are large for London and very good value.  It should definitely be considered when visiting the Kensington area as the number 9 and 10 buses stop very close to the hotel and go straight to the Albert Hall in about 15 minutes.  It is also possible to go right to St Pancras station on the 10.,Date of stay: July 2012,4.0
2821,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2825-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Cannot find fault,"Spent one week and so glad we overlooked some of the negative comments. This place was ideal for us. Not only the beauty of a station close by but buses right on doorstep but regular. The staff were friendly and helpful.The restaurant staff,both morning for breakfast and evening were exceptionally good. Erica, kinga and David were standouts. our room was clean and fresh each day. we were very happy with our visit to this hotel and wouldn't hesitate to return. ",Date of stay: September 2012,5.0
2822,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2825-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Would stay here again,"I stayed here 4 nights on a business trip. This is my second stay at the Hilton Olympia. The room was clean and comfortable. The Breakfast is very good. There is an easy access to central London, by bus or tube. The hotel staff is friendly and helpful.  I would stay here again.",Date of stay: July 2012,3.0
2823,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2825-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Small 'deluxe room' very very expensive for what you get and rather rubbish service,"The good- the room was clean, the a/c worked,  The bad- i was paying around £170 a night which was booked through the office travel agent. I arrive to be informed that on top of the £170, if i wanted breakfast it would be £12 odd extra a day, and the internet was another £14 for 24 hours.   The receptionist told me they had a nice deluxe room for me. I got to the room and found out that by deluxe Hilton means a standard double. Nothing exciting. It also means a tiny bath, when i sat in it my legs had to be out of the bath to wash my hair. Why have a bath at all? The enamel was chipped and they have the most ridiculous permanent non slip section in the bath, making it even more uncomfortable then it already was.   I had booked in for 5 nights and on the 3rd night realised i might…",Date of stay: September 2012,1.0
2824,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2825-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Deceiving lobby!,"My friend and I stayed here in December 2011 via a 'secret booking.' Finding out we were staying in a 4 Star Hilton was great! It was anything but great to be honest. Our double room was dated, uncomfortable, dark (the lighting was unbelievably sparse!) and the furniture such as the sofa had stains and burns on it, as well as the bed side table fronts peeling off (it was very sharp)! As for the bathroom... Basic and grubby. The first night we got there we could not complain as our train was delayed and literally had no time but we later raised our complaints with reception and got no suitable response. Would not recommend this hotel to stay at... The lobby is very deceiving!!!!",Date of stay: December 2011,1.0
2825,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2830-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Astonishing breakfast, brilliant service","I stayed 3 night at the Hilton Olympia on business. The rooms are clean and comfortable with more than enough pillows, mini bar (which is expensive, over £4 for a bottle of water) toiletries and facecloth included which is sooo handy. The cream topping of this hotel has to be breakfast, the selection was amazing, you could see they have considered all nationality of guest. From English breakfast to fruit to meats and cheeses, all different breads and muffins and so much more. Even 2 types of bacon, crispy and unsmoked. Any type of coffee available too, like being in costa or Starbucks. The resaurant staff were friendly and could not do enough to make u feel welcome.   The hotel staff generally were lovely abs helpful, concierge local knowledge was good. Helped us select a good…",Date of stay: September 2012,5.0
2826,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2830-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Smallest double room I have ever been in, anywhere","Booked a two night stay via Last Minute's ""Top Secret Hotels' offer where you book blind. Serves me right for trying to save some money on a business trip. Hotel is meant to be 4 star - don't see it. Tired, bland place although staff friendly. Room was the most depressing place I've ever stayed in - lots of noise from the street, dingy decor, not even a picture on the wall. Bedroom could not have been more than 8ft wide - blimey, just what I needed after a long day travelling / working. The room telephone should have had the Samaritans on speed dial...",Date of stay: September 2012,2.0
2827,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2830-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Value for money,"I spend 3 nights in this hotel and have to say I was satisfied with both the location and the accommodation. The rooms were clean, nice toilette, and the service was decent. It is actually very good standard for London!",Date of stay: December 2011,4.0
2828,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2830-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,It's The People Who Work Here That Make This Place So Special,"If you're looking for a friendly hotel with 4* calibre in London I would recommend the Hilton Olympia. It's slightly off-central, but Kensington High Street tube is only a 15 minute walk if the tubes at Olympia aren't running, buses stop right outside the door and Olympia also serves you mainline trains for explorations of UK further afield (try the Londoner's Day Out to Brighton for the perfect English seaside experience & interesting quirky shops).  I actually live in London but, due to building work, we had to leave our home for a prolonged stay recently and I can say that it is a super-friendly, efficient place to stay. The staff everywhere in this hotel are wonderful,a big thanks especially to the exec lounge team Vlad, Manuela, Stephen, Grazia and to the lovely water…",Date of stay: August 2012,4.0
2829,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2830-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Comfortable, Functional but a little drab!","There is nothing that is “bad” about the Hilton Olympia but it just feels a little drab!  Reception functioned very well with almost immediate attention at the executive check in desk, although not entitled to it, as the other staff were occupied. I was asked if I wanted internet as it would be a minimum of £15.00 (or 14.99 actually!!) for 24 hours. Only when I gave my refusal to pay for internet access was I given a card entitling me to 60 minutes free usage of WiFi - but only in the public areas!! Come on Hilton, get real……  The Hotel is a conversion of an old building, and within those limitations, the renovation has been done well with reasonable, but not large, rooms and comfortable space for both working and sleeping.  In the rooms there is a card suggesting a visit to the…",Date of stay: September 2012,3.0
2830,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2835-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Amazing staff and hotel,"Stayed here whilst attending a convention at Earl's Court. The location was perfect. Close to tube, convention centre, shops and restaurant. There's even a great Costa coffee shop next door to the hotel. The staff were so friendly, helpful and never stopped smiling on Reception. Really enjoyed chatting to them and they could not do enough to help wherever I went in the hotel. The gym and Executive Lounge were both very comfortable. Rooms were as expected and functional, which is all I needed. Internet worked great and it was convenient to have the mini-bar fridge and desk tray, although I didn't use. I feel that many of the negative reviews on here do not portray this hotel properly as I had a great experience along with all my colleagues. Thank you Hilton Oympia!! I'll be back",Date of stay: August 2012,5.0
2831,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2835-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,What is the Hilton brand?,"Arriving at the Kensington Olympia Hilton one feels that you are part of the Hilton experience. Sadly as you find your room it becomes apparent that this is not the case. Within 45 minutes I had sampled three different rooms, none being even as clean as a room in a premier inn or travel lodge, and their aspects were terrible. The floor in the bathroom was not clean, and the toilet had not been washed properly either. The manager was incredibly unhelpful when i expressed my disappointment and when I said i wanted to check out to go somewhere else he told me that as I'd paid already that wouldn't be possible. The hallways on the bedroom levels are in desperate need of refurbishment too. I feel that the hotel is trading off of the Hilton reputation and will never stay with Hilton…",Date of stay: August 2012,2.0
2832,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2835-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Ok,Stayed for 8  nights. It was fine but nothing special. The room servicing was quite late in the day  and a couple of times I had to ring about it. The breakfast was good but the highlight of my stay was the lovely staff at the breakfast service.they were great. The weather was really hot but at all times my room was cool and comfortable. My room was close to the back lift and when that was used it was very noisy.,Date of stay: August 2012,3.0
2833,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2835-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Average but pleasant for a short stay!,"Stayed at this hotel twice now ! reasonable location for Albert Hall  walk   and if you are planning to stay withing knightsbridge kensington area! Both times had Executive rooms which are  no fuss  simple rooms with double bed . I must admit that the lounge is quitest we ever had in Hilton hotels  , nice decor ! If you are like me a health junkie and planning on using a gym beware its TINY and equipment limits to selection of dumbbells and a small multigym machine couple of treadmills and cross trainers.  Another thing id like to warn you about is breakfast beware that staff cant wait to clear table  so if you are going for another wonder around food selection expect  table to be cleaned up when you back which i found extremely annoying both times we stayed. But no doubts we…",Date of stay: September 2012,3.0
2834,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2835-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Excellent,My daughter and I stayed here last week for 3 nights.  We arrived early to leave our cases but was told our room was ready.   The room was of a very good size and very comfortable.  Staff very friendly and helpful.  Lovely Costa Coffee shop joined to the hotel.  Will defiantly stay here again fantastic value.,Date of stay: August 2012,5.0
2835,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2840-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Excelled in Customer Service, GREAT Meeting Facilities!","We ran a manfacturer training course at the Hilton London Olympia last week (31/08/12)  After a week of running the same course at hotels across the country the Hilton really excelled themselves and it was a pleasure running the last training at this location. We had a fairly large set-up with some very specific requests which the staff at the hotel dealt with in a very professional, polite and timely manner. The staff who helped us with the meeting preparation were excellent, nothing was too much trouble and they went out of their way to please.   The meeting room facilties were great, natural daylight, A/C, very clean and tidy, new and modern meeting furniture, fridges for cold drinks and up to date AV equipment.   The hotel bedrooms (although fairly small) were very clean and…",Date of stay: August 2012,5.0
2836,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2840-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Excellent staff and great breakfast,"Got a good deal for std room with breakfast  Room good decor and size with good size desk and seating area. Bath  and power shower was great.   BT wifi thought hotel  Location is 15 min walk to tubes but you can get bus , 9,10,27 out side hotel.   Best way to get from king across station is number 10 bus which is direct.  Mattress could do with upgrade, ok but not great. Building work opposite, which is quite at night but starts up at 8:30am. To be fair hotel offered to move us but preffered to check in early.  Staff should be comended for being  very friendly, alway happy to talk and wish you a good day.  Best hotel I have stayin in in London  ",Date of stay: September 2011,5.0
2837,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2840-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Amazing!,"We got 40% off on 3 nights as part of a Hilton promotion. It was our first time staying at a Hilton and we were very impressed.   We arrived in the hotel 3 hours earlier than the check-in time. However, the reception told us that our room was ready and we could check in earlier. Everything went smoothly and we were relieved that we didn't have to drag our luggages around while sightseeing.   The room wasn't the biggest, but this is expected in London, unless you are fishing out £300 a night at a 5-star hotel. We were fine with it. The decor was simple but chic, very classy. I love the fact that the air-conditioning was working very well - some hotels said that they had AC, but they wouldn't work properly, Hilton was NOT one of them. This is really great in the middle of summer.…",Date of stay: August 2012,5.0
2838,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2840-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Awful, would NOT recommend","I had booked a night here in a standard double room as a romantic break for my boyfriend and I. It was a nightmare experience.  On arrival, i was given my room key which didn't work, meaning a trip back to reception to sort it out. Whilst I was changing a maid entered the room without knocking which was a most embarrasing situation. She left the room hurriedly and I got dressed and went out into the corridor to ask her if she needed to do something in the room, she denied ever coming into the room which was most bizarre and downright ridiculous, no apology, nothing.    Things took a turn for the worse as I went to use the bathroom, the non slip surface in the bath was stained, damaged, chipped and filthy, there was hair in the bath and in the plug hole. The bathroom itself was…",Date of stay: August 2012,1.0
2839,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2840-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Handy,"Difficult to get to using the tube system but easily found from Kensington Olympia station. Reception staff very friendly. Our room was on the 8th floor small, neat and tidy. Bed lovely and comfy with plenty of pillows, generous tea and coffee supplies- as we were only staying one night before our flight to Iceland for our honeymoon it was perfect. Bath didnt drain properly so was covered in water stains and in need of a good clean. I couldn't get the shower to get hotter then tepid, but I could have just been using it wrong! Staff really helpful in getting us a taxi to the Ritz. ",Date of stay: August 2012,4.0
2840,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2845-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Very good location, nice hotel","Just back from a 6 nights  in Hilton Olympia , the hotel is in a fantastic location the fact that the Olympia station is just 5 minutes walk away and the bus station is just across the road make this hotel  a very good choice to go around London . We were upgraded to executive room in the eighth floor, room size was big enough and though the windows are not double glazed it was not noisy.there is a costa cafe next to hotel which was handy for quick breakfast.staff at the reception area are friendly check in and out did not take more than 5 minutes The only downside was the cost of Internet connection at the room which was pricey £14.99 for 24 hrs.  We only had it for one day .Surely would book there again if Hilton continues its 40% discount offer in future dates.",Date of stay: August 2012,4.0
2841,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2845-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Not up to Hilton standard,"Very disappointed, more like a 3star hotel although paid 4star price. Chose this hotel because of the Hilton name and because we're HHonor members. Found hotel and room to be shabby and very far from Hilton standard. Cut short our planned one month stay to 10days and moved to another much nicer accommodation for the same price. Two plus points - the breakfast buffet was good; and the staff were friendly except for one female staff.",Date of stay: August 2012,2.0
2842,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2845-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Average rooms but good customer service,"The Hilton London Olympia is around a 15 minute walk to the nearest tube station, and a pleasent walk at that. Kensington High Street is a lovely street to walk down, full of nice shops and with Holland Park nearby, there is also a costa coffee next door to the hotel. The reception area was pleasent and the staff were quick and attentive. There are currently works across the street were some luxury apartments are being built, and we were asked if we wanted a quieter room so that we werent awoken by works. Some hotels would not offer you this and would only move if you complained; we found the works did not start until 9am in fact so they wouldnt have been too disruptive either way. The room itself was of a decent size and the decoration was of an okay standard. It was however…",Date of stay: August 2012,3.0
2843,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2845-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Tired decor but great location - rooms vary considerably!,"Used this hotel a few times this summer for business trips based on location & the fact that, while the system is noisy, it does actually have an efficient cooling system! Beware that few London hotels do, particularly in this price range, so you can end up stiflingly hot at night. Many standard double rooms are small (& even smaller bathroom), even by London standards, and they (& the corridors) could do with re-decoration. The hotel's saving grace is the location: right next to Olympia; served by a host of buses; 15 minutes walk to High Street Kensington tube with lots of restaurants en route;15 minutes walk to Westfield Shopping Centre; 10 minutes walk to lovely Holland Park.",Date of stay: August 2012,3.0
2844,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2845-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Excellent Experience - very well looked after,"Stayed in this London for the first time and had a thoroughly enjoyable experience. Online checkin (on www.hilton.com) actually worked. I had automatically been upgraded to an Executive Room as an HHonors Diamond Member. The location was excellent, travelled in from LHR via Tube to Hammersmith and caught a 27 bus from there to almost the front door of the hotel.   Upon arrival I was given a very warm welcome and received the room I had actually checked into online. I was offered a choice of breakfast in the Executive Lounge or a complimentary full breakfast in the restaurant. Restaurant breakfast commenced at 0630 compared to 0700 in the lounge. As I had full and busy days I opted for an early 0630 spread in the restaurant. Excellent range of choices, very satisfied and very…",Date of stay: August 2012,5.0
2845,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2850-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,A Good Experience,We arrived at Hotel at 10.30am with a view to leaving our case with the Concierge prior to a days sightseeing.However we were advised that our room was ready so that gave us the opportunity to freshen up after our journey. Check in was smooth & efficient. Room although slightly on small side (this is something we are used to with London Hotels) was clean and tidy.Bed Linen was crisp & fresh smelling & Bathroom was immaculate with plenty of toiletries.Bed was very comfortable. There was an excellent choice at breakfast buffet and again service was very courteous & efficient.  Only downside if visiting midweek is the lack of tube staions in the immediate vicinity . High Street Kensington tube station is approx 12mins walk.( Kensington Olympia is only open at weekends). However…,Date of stay: August 2012,4.0
2846,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2850-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Had a great stay here,"I got a very good deal on priceline.com to stay at this hotel, and was very pleased with my experience.  The hotel staff were very courteous, and very helpful with my questions about the best way to get to certain places.  They were also very accommodating, when I asked for a late check-in.  Overall, a great experience, and I highly recommend this hotel to others.",Date of stay: August 2012,4.0
2847,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2850-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,What a joke!!!,"I have never taken the time to write a review but feel somewhat compelled to do so to help future travellers who are considering this hotel.  As a frequent world wide traveller, I have never before been so let down by the quality of a hotel as I was with this one.  The rating for this hotel is 4 stars but in reality it should 2 stars.  Don't be fooled by the attractive lobby and bar areas, the rooms are as bad as it gets.  Dirty, small and the windows are so dirty you can hardly see out of them.  The hallways are also as bad.  The only plus side of our stay was the staff.  They are excellent and are very caring.  The made up for the pathetic rooms.  The location of the hotel is also a challenge with underground stations all at least 5-15 minutes away.   London has so many great…",Date of stay: August 2012,2.0
2848,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2850-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Nice easy stay,"First time in a hilton and Had no problems in the hotel. Everything was very smooth from check in to check out, no complications!  The hotel is in a excellent position and the area felt safe which made us feel comfortable .  The room was very clean, abit small but didn't feel cramped!  Loved the bed!! Didn't use restaurant or have any breakfast (price was a bit much but it was a Hilton!). Stupid prices for wi if therefore didn't use it something like £15 for 24hrs , as if!  We had the rates at half price offer and wouldn't regularly be able to afford the prices.  I would probably choose to stay in a premier inn if it was cheaper, but get the same treatment. BUT if I had the money to stay often and be able to afford the room service , dry cleaners etc then yes I probably stay…",Date of stay: August 2012,4.0
2849,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2850-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Perfect,"Close to train and a few bus stops, it's no problem getting into central London, the hotel is very welcoming and the staff are great, really helpful and polite. We arrived a bit later than planned but it was no problem and we got upgraded to a deluxe room. Very spacious and spotless. Breakfast was a buffet style. Anything you wanted they had, hot, cold, continental, just fruit or toast, just ask and they had it. Great place to stay and I can't thank the staff enough.",Date of stay: August 2012,5.0
2850,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2855-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Poor service and poor rooms,"After waiting for the best part of a quarter of an hour with nobody at reception I finally signed in and went to find my room which can best be described as dingy and cell like, with the only view out the window being some noisy ventilation shafts and the window of someone else's room",Date of stay: August 2012,2.0
2851,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2855-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Great for Insomniacs,"Very disappointing stay, not at all up to standards of Hiltons outside of London. Rooms are tiny hot and stuffy. Might as well not had windows as so filthy you can't see out and don't fit properly so sleep is impossible due to traffic. Had to disconnect fridge as that was noisy too. Bathroom something out of seventies, cracked sink and stained bath - lovely. Evening food very good but limited choice, breakfast appalling at £17.95 for pre cooked charred and dried out sausages, dry bacon, and how do you get a cold runny fried egg. - mostly luke warm if you are lucky. If you are a business user with a prepaid allowance, be prepared to have a discussion with the staff as they will charge you. Reception don't transfer the information to the restaurant and there is also a 10% service…",Date of stay: August 2012,2.0
2852,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2855-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,I feel a new review is in order.,"A few months ago, I wrote an unfavorable review of this hotel. I feel a revised review is needed. I have stayed here for business numerous times since my one horrible experience and each stay has been a pleasure. They staff at this hotel is consistently courteous and eager to help. My rooms have been in good repair and comfortable. I always look forward to my next stay at this hotel. One frustration, the wifi reception is spotty at best. Sometimes fast, but more often very slow. It cuts on and off every few minutes. This seems to be a problem no matter what part of the hotel you are in.",Date of stay: July 2012,4.0
2853,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2855-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Great location for London Olympia,"We stayed at the Hilton London Olympia in October 2011. We chose this hotel because of its location close to Olympia. The hotel is modern, bright and clean. The staff are friendly and helpful. The restaurant serves lovely food for breakfast and dinner. The rooms are spacious, modern and clean. Recommend this hotel if going to olympia.",Date of stay: October 2011,4.0
2854,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2855-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Good Stay,"I was a little concerned looking at all the negative reviews, however it is a decent Hilton hotel. Everything was as expected and had no major issues. One thing I didn't like was the fully automated mini bar which had very few choices. Ordered room service and it took around 45 minutes. Apart from that everything was ok. I'd recommend it if you have a rate under 120 GBP, anything more than that go to the Kensington or other.   By far the main issue its that the hotel is located in the middle of nowhere and it takes like 15 minutes to get to any tube station, I was using Earls Court. There's an overground station closer by but its not as convenient.",Date of stay: July 2012,4.0
2855,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2860-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Didn't really feel like Hilton!,"Coming from Asia, you have a certain expectation when you hear Hilton. This was the first time for me to stay here rather than our usual hotel and I was kind of looking forward to it. But then, London is not Asia and I guess the premium was all for the location. There is a bus-stop right across the hotel but be prepared to walk a bit for the underground.  So, what I got was a miniscule room, which really didn't have enough space to open up a full size suitcase! The window in my room was half size and in any case, there was no view! The bathroom however was decent and functional with good amenities.   The room had ""electronic mini bar"" charging system and I have learnt from my experiences in similar hotels, not to touch anything if you are really not going to pick something up!  …",Date of stay: July 2012,3.0
2856,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2860-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,OK but,"I've stayed at this hotel several times and would stay here again but :  Although next to a London ""Overground"" station, it's a good walk from a more conventional ""Underground"" station.This is not a problem as long as you know what to expect.  When I arrived at 7.30pm on a weekday evening, there was only one member of staff on reception. His request for backup wasn't successful. The same situation was observed an hour later.  My single room was very small with very limited views of the back of the hotel, which is ok if you only want to sleep in there.   I slept with my window open for better air but there was quite a lot of fan noise and I did get a whiff of rubbish at one point.   There is free internet in the lobby.  The breakfast buffet is good, the staff responsive and when…",Date of stay: July 2012,3.0
2857,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2860-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Comfortable and great location,"The hotel was really clean and pleasant and the room well set up. Bed was comfortable and the pillows fantastic - wanted to take them home with me as so soft and comfortable. Staff really helpful especially concierge - great with useful information on buses etc.  Costa coffee adjoins the hotel so you can walk through the lounge straight into it and vice versa. Location good, right beside rail station and bus stops.  Two minor points tho firstly is the booking in time of 3pm - rooms were not ready until nearly 3.20pm which isn't really a problem except we were waiting to book in from 2pm.  However, wait was worth it. Secondly, bath was tired looking in appearance although shower was good. Would stay again.",Date of stay: July 2012,4.0
2858,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2860-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,No room to swing a cat,Located in a pretty down at heel part of London so don't expect to find a lot to do in walking distance. Rooms expensive and miniscule. Very busy reception area. Insanely busy breakfast area.  Chairs in breakfast area stained with yesterdays food. Service chaotic. Overall food OK though.  Tried to order a bottle of Champagne before going out for dinner to be told that the hotel had run out of Champagne - insane.,Date of stay: July 2012,2.0
2859,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2860-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,The price is for the location only,"Some people really rate The Hilton but if they were to blind test this hotel they probably wouldn't know it was a Hilton. I felt the room was absolutely fine and if it were not for the fact that the hotel was round the corner from the Olympia convention halls I would not think the money i paid was worth it. Room was very small (2 people couldnt walk around the room at the same time!) and service was inconsistent. Our used plates were left but they gave us extra towels when we didn't need any. The enamel on the bath was chipped which made it look dirty, the shower leaked everywhere and the TV didnt want to change channels. It was a good thing I only needed the room for the bed!",Date of stay: July 2012,3.0
2860,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2865-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Get a decent rate and it's worth it,"Chose this hotel as I got a decent rate and figured Hilton would mean it couldn't be that bad. Having lived in London, I was familiar with location and knew it would work for me with bus stops outside. First impression not good though based on wait to check in. It was 6pm pn Saturday and apparently only 1 member of staff. There was no queue but had to wait about ten mins for any attention. Room ok and a decent size. Bathroom compact but functional. Agree with earlier reviewer that corridors involve steps up and down (not a prob for me but could be for some). Horrible outlook over bins/alleys/ rooftops and a lot of noise. Being road side might be more peaceful!",Date of stay: July 2012,3.0
2861,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2865-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Our stay in London,"The Hilton Olympia is a well located hotel , close to shopping , bus stop and subway (tube) station. There are quite a few good restaurants and boutique shops  within walking distance. However , the hotel rooms are old and poorly maintained. My friend in the next room had a real issue with the bed sagging too much .Even though this was rated 4 stars , I think it only deserves 3 stars .  The breakfast is decent at 12 lbs a head and offers better deal compared to other hotels in Europe. Hotel staff is excellent and very responsive though as it is often the case with American brand hotel.",Date of stay: July 2012,3.0
2862,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2865-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"High quality service, decent sized rooms. Comfortable.","I stayed there on business in may to attend a show at the Olympia. I needed some help with a delivery and the concierge service that I got was very good, the reception is also efficient. The room was roomy and clean, a little old fashioned. The main bar had good facilities and the breakfast was Excellant.  I didn't try any of the leisure facilities.",Date of stay: May 2012,4.0
2863,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2865-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,London Visitor,I purchased my room at the Hilton London Olympia on a booking site and was obviously given a room to match the low rate.   My view was of a dirty wall and the room as very small.  The furnishings are a bit outdated and wireless internet was not an option.  This was a problem as I was traveling with my iPad.  Most rooms require using a few steps which isn't a problem but those with physical challenges should be aware. The location is not in Earl's Court as noted on many sights and is a pretty long walk from the High Street Kensington tube station.  There is good bus service that picks up and drops off very close to the hotel and offers easy access to this station.  A bit dissapointing for a Hilton that is often noted as being 4 stars.,Date of stay: August 2011,2.0
2864,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2865-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,A bargain find!,"I recently spent two nights here at the end of a business trip -- having moved out of the more expensive hotel that my company was paying for in order to save some money while I was living on my own dime for two days of sightseeing.  I saved 90 pounds a night and I have to say the hotel was 100 percent nicer than the more expensive hotel I had just been staying at!  It is a large, business and tourist oriented hotel, but the service is excellent; the facilities are up to date and very clean, and my room was remarkably large and very, very comfortable. Can't say that I loved the drapery fabrics, but that's not going to ruin anyone's trip.  I was in an executive room on the 6th floor and had club privileges, which meant that I could access the extremely nice club lounge and take…",Date of stay: July 2012,4.0
2865,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2870-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Outstanding Concierge!,"The look of this hotel is just OK, but it was the concierge service that helped to make my stay in London so good. To make a long story short, I was lost one day in Oxford, left behind by an unprofessional tour company, so I called the hotel and Ismet at the concierge desk communicated for me with the tour company, then provided me with very specific directions on where to go to buy a bus ticket back to London, and then how to get to the hotel. He was wonderful, even checking up on me again and again at each step of my journey. The other services provided by the concierge desk were also excellent. This is not a beautiful or romantic hotel, but it is one that provides excellent service.",Date of stay: June 2012,4.0
2866,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2870-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Enjoyable experience,"I very much enjoyed this hotel and the quiet part of town. It far exceeded my expectations for the price. There is a metro station which is just 5 mins away that is only open on the weekends, on the weekdays you need to walk 15 minutes to the closest stop. It is about a 15 minute ride to the touristy sites. The only problem I experienced was that apparently they do not grant the early check-in request to anyone. This led to a difficult arrival in London (we later learned on foursquare that many other guests experienced the same problems)",Date of stay: June 2012,4.0
2867,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2870-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,What a pleasant surprise,"Moved onto this hotel from the Hilton Islington (see my review on it), and as this hotel ranks the best part of 200 places below it, I didnt expect very much. Check in went extremely smoothly, staff were very polite and efficient. Stayed in an executive double room. Room was on the west side of the hotel, some noise from the road but this is Central London after all so some noise is always expected. Room was extremely comfortable, the bed one of the best I've slept in. The bathroom was also very functional. Only negative was water pressure especially flushing the toilet.  The breakfast in the restaurant is superb, everything you could possibly want was available. The bar was good for both food and drink also. Only used the exec lounge for quick coffees in afternoon. Noticed no…",Date of stay: July 2012,4.0
2868,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2870-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Decent hotel with some drawbacks,"We were checked-in by a friendly receptionist within 30 seconds. Our room was spacious and clean and I really love those Hilton beds. Our requests to be accomodated away from the elevators and to have some extra towels were honoured, unfortunately housekeeping wasn't very attentive as the next day we had no extra towels, shower gel wasn't replenished and cashew nuts were empty upon arrival and stayed empty for our entire stay. Also I missed a hotel brochure in our room pointing out the hotel's facilities and amenities.  The marble bathroom with a heated mirror was really nice and in a good state, BUT if you are taller than 6 foot (which I am) you will be unable to shower in an upright position as the ceiling in the bathroom is ridicuously low and the bathtub too high (?). I…",Date of stay: June 2012,3.0
2869,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2870-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Best place to stay if you are visiting Olympia,"We stay at this hotel in December each year for the dressage for Olympia horse show.  We have stayed here for 4 years running and find it the perfect location to visit all of London.  The rooms are a little dated now and could do with a refurb, the size is nice (for a London hotel), if you want a bigger room just pay a little more for a BIGGER room. This is London, they can't build a new hotel to replace this one.  The location is great for the tube. The staff are always happy to help you and the breakfast is excellent.  We normally stay for 3-4 nights and enjoy the whole time there. Well placed and easy access by tube, parking is expensive so recommend train or coach travel.",Date of stay: December 2011,4.0
2870,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2875-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Kensington 4* without Wow factor (lastminute.com top secret hotel),"I booked this hotel via. lastminute.com. It was advertised as ""fantastic newly refurbished hotel part of a well known international hotel chain. Located on the trendy and exciting Kensington High Street ...."" which, in my view, was a generous description.  Parts of the hotel, particularly the common parts on the ground and first floor, had clearly been refurbished but elsewhere it was superficial, e.g. old wooden panelling left in the corridors and chipped original paintwork in our bedrooom. In fact some work was still in progress - the ground floor public toilets were out of use. And the address, while strictly correct,does not convey that it is virtually the last building on the High St before it becomes Hammersmith Road and thus is a long walk from the shops and the…",Date of stay: July 2012,3.0
2871,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2875-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,In the heart of Kensington!,"I arrived on July 1st and I was pleased with the service there.  Terribly busy as tours were arriving and on one occasion the lobby was brimmed with luggage, but the concierge always had a smile and was so helpful.  Enjoyed the Society lounge...fish and chips were great as was the Prosecco...  I expected a small room, but was pleasantly surprised that there was a table and a very comfortable double bed.  Good value for super expensive London and I would stay there again.",Date of stay: July 2012,4.0
2872,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2875-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,An acceptable hotel,"My mum and I stayed here in June, at the start of our Europe tour with Trafalgar and for 4 extra nights when our tour finished. When we first got to our room, we realised it was a double, when we had booked a twin share room. This was sorted out quickly and the staff were very helpful. The man that delivered our bags to our room (after the mix up was sorted out) told us to use a different lift that was closer to our room. It was very small and we ended up going to the fire escape stairs, which seemed to lead nowhere. We think this lift was a service lift. So we found our way back to the 'proper lifts' which were a long way from our room and very difficult to find along convoluted corridors. We felt a bit claustrophobic.  The waitress in the bar was very rude. We asked her if we…",Date of stay: June 2012,3.0
2873,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2875-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,all good...,just returned from a nights stay here after wimbledon. good size room and no issues.  ,Date of stay: July 2012,4.0
2874,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2875-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Great hotel - no complaints,"Chose this hotel for its convenient location and was really pleased with all aspects of my stay. The check-in process was swift and the staff attentive. The concierge were also great at the end of my stay. Room had all usual Hilton amenities and was a decent size, for London at least! Really pleased with the rooms air conditioning, it allowed me to chill the room to fridge temperatures, which is both rare and a blessing, as with most London hotels you either can't or wouldn't want to open the window due to 23hr noise.  Previous reviewers commented on the shower and height of the ceiling, yes, this was a little problematic having to stoop to shower properly, but no real problem unless you are well over 6ft 2"". The bathroom on the whole was a good size and well laid out.  I will…",Date of stay: July 2012,4.0
2875,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2880-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Sub standard,"Though it's in a reasonable part of west London, its extremely inconvenient if you are traveller exploring different parts of the city. The tube is walking distance but the tube station in itself is not connected to the main lines. One has to change a couple of trains to get to this station.  The hotel is on the main street so if you have the quids you can hop into a taxi. The good part of the hotel is that it is situated away from the tourist areas. hence, it's quiet and easier place to relax.  The hotel floors inside are quite cramped. The corridors in each floor is half the size of a normal corridor and can handle only one way traffic. Imagine the most luxorious corridor you can get in a bootcamp or warzone,  And if you are carrying big bags then too bad. The rooms are…",Date of stay: October 2011,2.0
2876,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2880-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Good hotel in London for the price,"We stayed two days here, and got a really good prices from another travel agent. So not directly from the Hilton page. The room was nice and clean, quite modern. To be London I was indeed surprised. Not so big, but it was okay for two people. The bathroom was clean but the flush in the toilet not worked properly. The hotel is 10min walk from the tube High Street Kensington, 12 from Ealrs Court and 5 from Kensington Olympia, so it was easy to move around Lomdon. A Costa coffee is just inside, so one can skip the very expensive breakfast from the hotel.",Date of stay: June 2012,4.0
2877,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2880-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Very Satisfactory, mostly","We chose this hotel because it is close by Kensington Olympia underground station. This turned out to be not so good because the trains only run at weekends and went there is an exhibition on at Olympia. After two trips to the tube station and finding it closed, we started taking the bus down to Kensington High Street Underground station ( bus nos 27, 28, C1 etc all worked for us - it is only 3 stops).  All staff we met had been to charm school (see previous review) so no complaints there. Our room according, to my wife, was ""nice if characterless"" and everything worked except some of the bedside lights which went off if you moved the bed slightly (loose plug somewhere - did report this, but not fixed during our stay) and the wash basin which was partially blocked. Otherwise OK.…",Date of stay: June 2012,4.0
2878,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2880-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Good place to stay in West London,"Average London hotel in  a reasonable part of London. Rooms have improved over the last couple of years. If you come by car you need to access the rear car park and the attendant has not been to charm school. The hotel seems to be invaded at times by coachloads of foreign tourists when breakfast and getting through the lobby is challenging. That said, I am not aware of anything better in the area",Date of stay: May 2012,3.0
2879,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2880-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Wet stay!!,Had an interesting experience of being rained on by the air conditioning unit!! Followed by the rudest and laziest car parking attendant I have come across for years. When parking at £35 for 24 hours I expect at least a pleasant greeting!! The guy running it was unbelievablly rude and refused to get up and help me' awful.,Date of stay: June 2012,1.0
2880,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2885-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,An ageing business hotel in need of a makeover,"I have been to many hiltons around the world and although the room quality varies from place to place, i was very surprised to see rooms that had probably not been renovated since the early 1980s. The rooms were very small, definitely not up to today's standard / clean designs. Wifi was very low speed. Many rooms+only a couple of front desk assistants at peak times=15mn wait to check in and out... I was very disappointed both by the service and the ageing state of the hotel",Date of stay: March 2012,3.0
2881,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2885-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Decent place,"I stayed here for a week on a vacation with my niece.  The hotel is not bad, not bad at all, however, it does have a couple drawbacks.    The good:  It seems as if the hotel has been going through a nice renovation.  (new carpet was being put in as we were there)  Our room seemed to have been recently renovated and was quite comfortable.  We had an executive room with two twin beds.  This worked very well for us.  Although the room was not huge, it was definitely large enough for us to spread out and have our own spaces.  The bathroom was also not huge, but it was big enough.  If you are taller than 6 feet, you might have issue with the shower.  I am 5'8"" and my head was not far from the ceiling.  The water pressure is nice and the hot water is instant.  If you upgrade to an…",Date of stay: June 2012,4.0
2882,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2885-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,3 Day Stay,"First time staying in London, down for a concert at the Royal Albert Hall so this hotel was ideal base for this.   The hotel itslef was great, modern and clean with all the ammenities needed for a relaxing stay. We stayed in a twin room situated on the third floor - was a good sized room too for the price. Got a room only deal as it was going to work out £60 for 3 mornings breakfast! Didnt think it would be worth it as not a big breakfast eater!! The only fault with the room was the TV - remote didnt work and well the channels were all over the place bit annoying when you want to watch some tv at night!! The best thing about the room was the shower - massive power!!! was just amazing and I didnt want to get out of it!! :)   Overall stay was really good and in walking distance…",Date of stay: June 2012,4.0
2883,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2885-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Improved look with large rooms close to station,"In the last year a lot of money has been spent upgrading this hotel. Inside it looks refreshed and contemporary which makes up for the rather characterless exterior. Check in can be a little slow at times as not all the ""stations"" are staffed but it's nothing to get too exercised about. In contrast to many London hotels the rooms here are generous in size and bathrooms are also generous. Rooms are not lavish but beds are comfortable , decoration is recent and the entertainment system is up to date. The room service is far too expensive and feels at odd with the price of the hotel- especially when you have to pay the tray charge on top. It makes going out the sensible option and there are plenty of places to eat along the main road. At other times of the day you can use the Costa…",Date of stay: June 2012,4.0
2884,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2885-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Great service,"Even if the standard room could not get the highest rating, as a guest of the hotel, I received a very good service from the polite and customer-focused staff.  Starting with reception, breakfast restaurant staff, society bar and executive lounge personnel, they all have managed to leave a very good mark on our stay.  The location is OK - Kensington High street is great for shopping, restaurants. Royal Albert Hall and Hyde Park are at a walking distance. The taxi costs less than 20 pounds to Piccadilly but the underground station is also close.  As I've previously mentioned, the rooms are not the best, but we really enjoyed drinking at the society bar - stylish and warm atmosphere.  In the end - many thanks to the staff, especially to Vlad, the guy from Executive Lounge!",Date of stay: March 2012,4.0
2885,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2890-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Quite a letdown,"I have been staying at this hotel once a year for more than ten years, as I do a yearly trade show at Olympia. It has always been a pleasant, if unremarkable, stay with no major and few minor problems. This year was a disappointment. I was there for six nights, and my room was quite nice; it had obviously been refurbished recently. The housekeeping, however, was minimal. Some days there were facecloths, some days no facecloths. I dropped some cookie crumbs on the carpet beside the bed on a Thursday morning, and they were still there when I left the following Monday. When I initially checked in I was asked whether I wanted a morning newspaper outside my door, as I am a Silver Honours member; when I checked out there was a charge for each of the six newspaper deliveries (these…",Date of stay: May 2012,2.0
2886,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2890-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Chelsea Flower Show,"I have stayed in the Olympia many times if you are traveling in from the West by car it's easy to reach. You also avoid the congestion charge by parking under the hotel. Recently this Hilton has been upgraded by removing that odd escalator,refurbishing the bar and restaurant. Many of the rooms have been decorated which was much needed. They now also have an Executive lounge which for regular travellers its our home and keeps us coming back. This time we were going to the flower show and the Olympia was a good choice with its bus stops outside the hotel and underground link. It's good to see this Hilton get some money spent on it. I'll be back next month.",Date of stay: May 2012,4.0
2887,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2890-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Nice staff, tired facility","I stayed at this hotel for 3 nights for business (I have Gold level status with Hilton). The staff at both the front desk and the executive lounge were very professional and helpful. The problem was the WiFi. The ONLY place in my room where I had a connection was in the bathtub! Even the connection in the executive lounge and the lobby was very spotty regardless of whether I tried to connect with a PC, iPad or Smart phone. A big part of the reason that I pay a premium for Hilton hotels is so I do not need to worry about things like an internet connection. While the staff tried to help, in the end nothing changed. The hallways also looked very worn. Housekeeping did do a nice job in the room.  The location is convenient to meetings on the West side of London, but be aware that…",Date of stay: June 2012,3.0
2888,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2890-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Not too bad but a few things you should know,"As a Hilton Honors Gold Member we were upgraded to a nice Executive room which seemed to haven been recently refurbished and was surprisingly spacey for a London hotel room. Bed was very comfortable with nice linen, bathroom small with shower over bath but clean. Housekeeping in general did a good job, although we stayed for a whole week, we never came back to our room in the early afternoon and it had not been serviced yet. The newly established executive lounge is quite cosy, staff (espc. the lovely Italian lady) very friendly and helpful, breakfast and snacks/drinks nothing special, just ok. The ladies from Front Desk were unhelpful and unfriendly on 2 of the 3 occasions we approached them. For advice we then preferred to talk to concierge who were lovely. The major problem…",Date of stay: June 2012,4.0
2889,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2890-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,We can't really say anything bad about this hotel,"My husband and I used our Hilton Honour Points for a combination of deluxe room (two nights) and standard room (three nights) in that order.  The ""deluxe"" room had a nice bed, but the athroom was very small and strangely designed.  The standard room had an uncomfortable bed (the plush mattress pad removed in standard rooms!), however, the bathroom was a bit larger.    The desk staff were very unhelpful - but upon checkout, we met Victor, who was very nice.    We had an accident when a heavy retractable wall under the bathroom sink came down on my foot when I barely touched it. The manager called maintenance and it was put back into place. The next day after we returned from sightseeing, the wall was laying on the floor!  The maintenance man fixed it with screws that time!  The…",Date of stay: June 2012,4.0
2890,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2895-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Its ok, but not the usual high standard Hilton.","This is a tired property.  Lack of training evident on front house staff, they didnt bother to tell me about the new executive lounge!  Overall its clean, comfy bed & breakfast is good. ",Date of stay: March 2012,4.0
2891,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2895-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Not bad for London,"No Underground station nearby but there is an Overground stn within 5 minutes walk. Walked to Earl's Court tube (for Picadilly line to Heathrow airport) next morning with cases & it took about 10-15 mins. Dinner options nearby seem to be plentiful. We walked about 20 mins to Kensington High st to meet friends Room size small but not too bad for London. Everything was spotless. No noise from outside despite there being a main rd but walls are very thin; we could here almost everything from the room next door first thing in the morning. Didn't have much contact with staff but they were attentive when we did. Breakfast very good but extra at £20 a head. Wi-fi also extra (as with all Hiltons) so didn't bother as we have smart phones. Room on eighth floor. Elevators quick, prompt &…",Date of stay: June 2012,4.0
2892,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2895-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Good, but not great","I found the hotel staff to be very friendly, but the hotel lacked a few things which I have come to expect.  Don't expect to use the phone charger - I paid two pounds to charge for two hours and found my phone was only half charged, and dead later when I tried to use it.  The internet was free to use only if you wanted to print out boarding passes.  They did have wifi for use if you had your own computer, but it was very slow.  The rooms were on the small side, but very clean, although we were on the first floor, so got a lot of traffic noise.",Date of stay: June 2012,3.0
2893,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2895-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,not friendly,"stayed here for one night,  the hotel room was a bit on the small side but was spotlessly clean also the bathroom was impressive,  the bedding was very comfortable,  the corridors were a bit shabby.  Staff on reception were not helpful with very vague information,  and as it was our first time to london I would have appreciated more accurate information and maybe a more friendly face a  smile.",Date of stay: June 2012,3.0
2894,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2895-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Good value for money,"I stayed in this hotel on the 5th of June for one night. Despite being very busy because of the queens jubilee, check in was very fast and straight forward and we were soon in our room.   The room itself was a little small but enough room for us and very clean. Beds were also very comfy. Only niggle was that only channel 1 and 2 on the tv worked, and also could only find two plugs in the room above the desk.   Breakfast was fantastic and staff in the restaurant were very helpful and friendly.   All in all, a good stay! ",Date of stay: June 2012,4.0
2895,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2900-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Perfect for Hammersmith,"Stayed here on 6 June for 1 night for a gig at Hammersmith Apollo.  Been a while since we stayed here, and they seem to have done a far bit of work. The hotel seems to have been tidied up a far bit. The room we had seemed very new and fresh.  Bed nice and confortable, room very nice size but shower a little dissapointing. We did book Room Only and got a deal on breakfast on check-in  Check-in very smooth and staff very pleasent.  Hotel in great location for Hammersmith & Earls Court and not too bad trip into Central London (No 9 or 10 Bus) and as it's a little out of central london it tends to offer much better value  Only one thing, there are some major building works taking place across the road but they don't appear to start the really noisy works until 8.30am and seem to…",Date of stay: June 2012,5.0
2896,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2900-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Excellent Customer Treatment,Upon arrival after cruise transfer from Harwich we were very tired...check-in was quick.  Concierge attendant Fran came to our rescue and assisted us with luggage to our room.  Also assisted in providing tour information since this was our first time in England.  Room was very nice and clean although view was not the best.  Very accessible transportation...my hats off to the concierge department...,Date of stay: May 2012,4.0
2897,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2900-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Group travel,We stayed at this hotel twice during our trip to the UK. It is very clean and modern. There are stairs from one floor level to the other and no one was available  to assist  with the luggage. The air conditioning was not working. We were finally assigned a different room after talking with several front office staff and then the evening manager. The food in the dining area was very good. I can't say for certain that I would stay in this hotel on a return trip to London.,Date of stay: July 2011,3.0
2898,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2900-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,EXCELLENT JUBILEE STAY!¬,"after reading the reviews for this hotel  i was quite worried however this hotel was very good for a city hotel, the staff were very good room was big and clean. Breakfast was very enjoyable and the waitress was very jolly! I am not a easy person to please so well done all..",Date of stay: June 2012,5.0
2899,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2900-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,truly terrible!!,"Unless you want to drag your suitcases up and down stairs give this hotel a miss, when I checked in with an elderly relative we were not informed that we would have to drag our cases up and down stairs once we went up to our floor via the lift!! we were offered assistance with our cases but declined as we were not told about the stairs we would have to go up and down. The first room we were allocated had a double bed despite booking a twin, the second was so small our cases would not go between the end of the bed and the wall, this hotel is shabby and run down and over priced. Staff were unhelpful, would never stay here again, would rather sleep in a tent!!",Date of stay: May 2012,1.0
2900,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2905-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Could do better,"First to note I am a Hilton Silver Honors member and my two-night stay was paid for by a conference organiser so I don't know what the bill was. It was not a great stay. When I arrived quite late in the evening there was one receptionist struggling with a difficult visitor, and ignoring the queue that was building up. The room was OK but there was a lack of drawer space, and getting the air-conditioning to work was quite a challenge. There was no view, other than of a wall and a drainpipe and even on the top floor it was a challenge to see the sky. As with so many hotels the cost of wifi is just extortionate, so I decided to use the free wifi in the lobby.  It turns out that it only works well on the west side of the lobby but most of the seats were on the east side of the…",Date of stay: May 2012,3.0
2901,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2905-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Noisy,"I stayed one night at the Hilton Olympia, room 541. The room itself was rather small, but otherwise OK. The view out of the window was at some kind of very small inner court, looking out on a wall. There was a constant noise during the entire night, coming from the technical installations at the inner court, so I didn't have any quiet rest. Moreover, in the small hallway there was water dropping from the ceiling. Restaurant and breakfast were OK. I would not recommend the hotel.",Date of stay: May 2012,3.0
2902,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2905-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,horrible...never again,"The hotel was overpriced, run down and poorly located..I got better advice on a choice of nearby restaurants from another guest than I could get from the hotel staff.  ""healthcare"" facility was a tiny room in the basement.. wouldn't stay there again.",Date of stay: May 2012,1.0
2903,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2905-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,excellent service,"While in London i had a fall and tore my quadriceps tendon. after an operation and before being allowed to fly home,my wife and I stayed at the Hilton olympia at Kensington. The staff could not have been more thoughtful or considerate. They helped with email access, faxing travel insurance reports and supplying a wheelchair. Well donewonderful staff and management.,",Date of stay: January 2012,5.0
2904,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2905-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Decent enough hotel, just don't expect it to be luxury!","We stayed for one night and overall we were pretty happy with the place. The room was a good size (Room 528) with a comfortable bed and all necessary facilities (hair dryer, ironing board, good selection of hot drinks, etc). The view out of the window wasn't up to much and the air conditioning wasn't working but we were happy to keep the windows open overnight being used to noise, if you wanted a quiet night though this would have been a problem. The decoration is looking a little tired (a couple of cracked and stained tiles in the bathroom, paint peeling in places and the bath looked a little stained) but it was all very clean so it wasn't too much to put up with.  I only paid £79.00 (via Hotels.com) for the room which I felt was good value for a Saturday night in Londn but I…",Date of stay: May 2012,4.0
2905,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2910-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,HILTON OLYMPIA,Stayed in hotel 18th may weekend. The room was totally overpriced. It was dark and dreary and quite small. Room no 544. There were no handles on window so window was open all the  time with a constant noixe of an air conditioning unit filling room. i complained at reception but got  reply to my complaint. The location of hotel is fine but the rooms need a total revamping. sean b,Date of stay: May 2012,2.0
2906,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2910-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Adequate,"Shared a triple - this was two singles and a roll-out in a small room. The bed was OK for a child but not an adult. Had to ask for additional cups, glasses, pillows, milk - staff not exactly proactive in this regard. The breakfast included in our tariff was excellent. Location is good with buses the closest public transport. The nearest tube - High St Kensington - is a good 15 mins walk. There is free wifi in the public areas.",Date of stay: May 2012,3.0
2907,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2910-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Good price, but poor location and problems with service","I stayed for 8 days here and got a nice comfortable bed and a great free breakfast (though I am a Hilton Gold, so that might not apply to you) every day.  However, the hotel made me wish I was richer and could have stayed somewhere else.  I'll try to concisely talk about why.  The first and most important drawback about the hotel is the location.  While Kensington High Street is a very nice street with some lovely restaurants, the hotel is too far east on the street.  You're somewhat close to various tube stations, but High Street Kensington is a 15 minute walk, Earls Court and Barons Court are about 20, West Kensington's maybe a little more, etc.  The Olympia stop is very close, but its service is so limited that we barely used it.  And even once you get to your underground…",Date of stay: July 2011,3.0
2908,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2910-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Nice stay in Hilton olympia,We enjoyed a nice stay in the Hilton Olympia.  The room was immaculately decorated and spacious-it has recently been renovated.  Great location for nearby attractions,Date of stay: April 2012,4.0
2909,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2910-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Was an okay stay, cant say more than that","the hotel is very convenient if you are working at Olypmia.  The rooms are small and not the best of decor (quite outdated and somewhat tired).  The hotel itself from the outside looks very run-down, but inside they have made an effort to refurb although its not amazing.  an okay stay, but would probably look for somewhere else next time.",Date of stay: April 2012,3.0
2910,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2915-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Great location, good value for the area","I have used the Kensington Hilton several times and think it offers great value for the location which can be quite pricey for hotels. The location is great for seeing the sights of tourist London.  It is located in West Kensington on the High Street.    Bus #9 has a stop a very short walk from the hotel and will take you to Trafalgar Square, passing Hyde Park. Bus#27, at the same stop, will take you to Paddington Station. www.tfl.gov.uk has the detailed schedules.  The tube is slightly less convenient but still available with a 10 minute walk.  Finally, a new option is the public bicycle rental.  Using a credit card, you can rent a bicycle, returning it to any bike kiosk in the city.  Inexpensive and located in most common areas, I'll be doing this next time.  The bikes are…",Date of stay: May 2012,4.0
2911,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2915-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Expensive,"They wanted £15 per day for wifi, and only gave 1 hour per day free in the bar/reception area. Other than that an ok hotel.",Date of stay: May 2012,3.0
2912,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2915-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Tired looking and very cramped,"As a Hilton, I had been expecting more.  Our room was so small that only one of our suitcases fitted in!  We were then moved to a slightly larger room where the second suitcase could come into the room.  After going up in the lift to the third floor, what did we find but stairs!  Not good for lugging a Suitcase with a knee injury. The carpet, decor and overall ambience is of one tired place.  The corridors are narrow and dim, the bathroom tiny.  The breakfast was quite good, Andy wifi is only availbe free at one end of the downstairs foyer.  Staff were reasonably helpful.  We found the number 9 bus that went from nearby was very convenient.  The buses were every two minutes or thereabouts and you could go right into trafalgar square or just down to Kensington high st to get the…",Date of stay: May 2012,3.0
2913,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2915-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Much improved.,"Stayed in the Hilton again this year on business, and was much impressed by the improved service.  There was a completely different approach from the staff, who were friendly, courteous and helpful, a big difference from last year.  My room was much larger this year, which made a difference, as the room I had last year was not big enough even for one person.  The room decor is a little tired, but everything was clean and spotlessly clean.  The bed was comfortable.  Prices are off the richter scale, but that's London !  Only two of us in the dining room at lunch one day, they must be scaring the customers away with the prices, as the food choice may be limited, but excellent quality.",Date of stay: May 2012,3.0
2914,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2915-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Size does matter,"First room offered to us was on floor 3 and was very small for an Hilton room, also the window catch was broken so the traffic noise was very loud. Moved to floor 7 and the room was much better, however even this room seeemed smaller than others I have stayed at within the Hilton Group. Check in and Check was smooth and all other facilities in the hotel were of very good standard as you would expect of an Hilton. Watch out for the Olympia Tube line as it only runs from Kensington High St at weekends, however if you exit the Tube at Kensington High St, turn left and its a 15 min walk or jump on a bus for a few minutes.",Date of stay: May 2012,4.0
2915,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2920-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel... amazing breakfast!!,"We stayed at this hotel for one night. Our room was clean and comfortable, also it was great to have an iron and ironing board in the room, and not to have to request it from reception.  We ate at the hotel in the evening, the food was nice, with high quality ingredients, and the waitress was polite and attentive. Breakfast was really good with a great choice/variety.   The only downside about my stay that the hotel was a little further from the tube station than I would have liked. It doesnt mention on the hotel website that the nearest station (Kensington Oplympia) is closed Mon-Fri. If I was visiting the area, I would definitely stay at this hotel again and would recommend it.",Date of stay: May 2012,4.0
2916,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2920-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Tired, and not really up to Hilton standards","Stayed here for a weekend in London and they offered a deal with breakfast included.   The location is OK, but what is not clear, is that the frequency of the tube is only every 30 mins, and only on weekends. So it's the 'overground train' and a couple of changes to get anywhere useful.   It should be noted that the number 28 bus runs close by, would have been a better option!   Rooms are OK. spotlessly clean. Our TV died, but that's an incident, and it was fixed while we were out.   Breakfast was pretty crap.. the hotel was packed, and they ran out of pastries and bread every day. Service at breakfast was average at best. A long time to wait for coffee, water, or juice.   For the price, it was OK, but I'd look for alternatives next time.",Date of stay: May 2012,3.0
2917,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2920-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,A good nights sleep!,"Check in was quick! Ended up on the 7th floor (709 i think) in a small room, very hot looking out onto an internal passageway! Just to top it off the person over the corridor had a yapping dog! Not impressed! Went to reception to request a different room and that's where it got better! No fuss! Ended up in a room twice the size and cool (419) and slept like a log! To the credit of the hotel any issues were resolved in a very polite customer friendly manner! I only stopped the 1 night but enjoyed the stay! Well done to the staff who understand customer service!",Date of stay: May 2012,4.0
2918,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2920-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,not up to hilton standards,"we only stayed at the hilton because of the bus tour of england we were doing, we were there for 2 nights and at the end of the tour 1 more night.  when first you walk in it looks ""wow"" then it goes down from there we arrived at 2pm and our room was not ready so the girl at reception said come back in a half hour and it will be ready. so we left our bags with the consierge service ( they were really good ). so we went around london and came back at 3:30, and our room was still not ready so they gave us a differnt room that was ready. and it looked nice...... how ever it was awfull you good feel all the springs in the bed, the shower bath tub combo looked cheap and then you steped into it and was about 2 feet higher than the ground and im not that tall im 5'7 and my head touched…",Date of stay: March 2012,1.0
2919,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2920-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Very good value!,"We stayed  here for 4 nights using it as the base for our London Tours. It was a really good choice for the price we paid. Our  room was moderately small, but our friend's was larger at the same price and booking, so it depends on what's available. The bed was large and comfortable. Cleanliness was good. The room was fitted with an astonishing number of light fittings to suit your every mood and need. But surprisingly, the wardrobe had none and was dark! TV was good size with loads of channels to select from. Best of all was the buffet breakfast which was included in our price. A great selection of high quality fare was available. Staff there were attentive, friendly and quick. The location of the hotel was well served by buses with bus stops across the road and another 80…",Date of stay: May 2012,5.0
2920,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2925-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Good service, not quite at Hilton standard.","Arrived at hotel and greeted by friendly staff. There were 4 of us travelling and we asked for 2 double rooms, we got 1 double and 1 twin room.  We asked reception if we could have a double room.  She advised that we could stay in the same room and have the beds joined which worked in our favour, with a bigger room and king size bed.  Rooms need an uplift, definately time for renovations. Getting outdated and does not meet the hilton standard.  Lounge, bar and dining area are the best part of the hotel and breakfast was good.  A little to far from the heart of London.  Need to take train, bus or taxi.  We took a taxi everytime we wanted to go anywhere, which was getting a bit costly.  The local area has some nice restaurants and pub. Ok for a short stay.",Date of stay: February 2012,3.0
2921,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2925-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Not quite a true Hilton,"The hotel is located on Kensington High Street, 10 -15 min walking from the tube station (High Street Kensington), altghough there is a bus station just outside the hotel. The rooms are comfortable, clean and a Hilton standard, but the bathroom definetely needs improvement. Flushing the toilet makes a huge noise, so you don't want to do that during the night if you're not sleeping alone. The windows are not well isolated so the noise coming from the main street does not allow a good night sleep. if you're an easy sleeper you should consider asking for a room oriented to the backside, not the main street. We didn't have breakfast in the hotel but we ate instead at the Costa Caffeteria which has an entrance trough the hotel lobby. They have great sandwiches at a reasonable price. …",Date of stay: April 2012,3.0
2922,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2925-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Nice hotel, good service but rooms are average for Hilton's standard","Arrived at Hilton in the morning around 10am expecting to leave our luggage there but surprisingly able to check in as the room was ready. The layout and design for reception and breakfast lounge was nice. Apart from that, the rooms looked a little aged and could do with some renovation. In the room, the bed and pillows were a little too soft and might have given me a backache if I slept there more than my 2 nights there. The tv was a little too small for the distance apart to the bedhead. Toilet was okay but water from the tap seemed to be extremely hard. Could see the cloudiness which made me not want to use it much even for brushing teeth. Did not face such problems in my other hotel stays throughout UK.  Breakfast spread was pretty good and my wife totally enjoyed it!…",Date of stay: April 2012,3.0
2923,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2925-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Small rooms, but cozy","We spent a weekend in London and chose the Hilton London Olympia to sleep. The rooms are very small for the price you pay. The location is good if you consider the area that it is located (Kesington), for people that uses the underground it is 1Km away (10 to 15 min walking) or 2 min by bus that stops almost in front of the hotel. A few nice restaurant options nearby (nothing fancy, all of them very casual). Their service can improve a little: After the first night we woke up early in morning, had breakfast and left. Around 11pm we got back to the hotel and were dying to take a shower, but there was no soap in the room. After 15min waiting the soap arrived. The breakfast is too expensive.  This hotel is a safe bet, but I would consider others first.",Date of stay: April 2012,3.0
2924,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2925-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Good sized room,This is a great corporate hotel.   Good sized rooms and comfortable beds.  Breakfast has excellent choices.    Executive Lounge is small but personable.   Not that close to tube stations (20min walk) BUT catch the 9 or 10  bus right outside the hotel and get off at Kensington High st Station.,Date of stay: May 2012,4.0
2925,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2930-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,What you expect from a Hilton,"Usual Hilton standard, pretty clean, nothing a bother from the staff.  Only gripe i have is that the rooms are very warm and the only way to cool the room down is to use the aircon which sounds like an aircraft taking off in your room!  I used this hotel for Olympia which is 2 minutes round the corner.",Date of stay: May 2012,3.0
2926,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2930-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Really Nice rooms,"The rooms where clean and comfortable, bathrooms where really nice large bath/shower and again nice and clean. Really good location 10 minute walk to kensington south tube station so it was really easy to get around london from are hotel. Only negitive was that we had booked a twin bedroom when we got to the hotel there was no twin bedrooms left, so we ended up with a double room with a double bed and a small single bed. Although we had this issue the staff at the hotel where really nice and did thier best to resolve this problem and even though we get a double room instead they did upgrade us to a exective room. So overall we did really enjoy are stay the hotel it was clean and comfortable ideal for sight seeing.",Date of stay: April 2012,4.0
2927,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2930-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Quiet Hilton,"in the middle of Kensington, bus stop just across the street. Hotel is a little bit old but renovated, friendly staff, but be sure to ask for a room in a high floor as the high street can be very loud. Bathroom is clean, beds are soft and cosy. But there wasn't a mini bar, it's a sort of tiny vending machine. After all, it affords all you need for a stay in London.",Date of stay: April 2012,4.0
2928,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2930-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Quite comfortable,"The hotel is located a bit outside the center part of London, but with an easy access to central parts of London and a short walk from the shopping street Kensington High Street. There is a convenient bus line (9 and 10) to the Center, as well as a tube station in a walking distance and High Street Kensington Subway about 15 min walk. The rooms are fairly kept. Breakfast is very good. Overall not a bad place to stay.",Date of stay: May 2012,3.0
2929,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2930-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Another Hilton with an exec lounge,"I stayed at the Hilton Olynpia last week and was pleased to be told at check in that they had now got an exec lounge. It is a little small, but ok. The breackfast was very good as well. The problem I have had is getting to the hotel via the tube. I now found an efficient wat by getting a bus from Hammersmith tude (Numbers 8, 9 or 10). This drops you next to the hotel.",Date of stay: April 2012,3.0
2930,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2935-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Captive Audience, with a room price that reflects this","I stayed at this hotel as my company was exhibiting at Olympia, as this is one of closest hotels to venue it is very popular with people exhibiting there. My room was clean and comfortable enough with flat screen TV, iron and ironing board etc. The bar was extremely busy as was the dining room for breakfast, I gave both a miss and went elsewhere. For what you get the hotel is overpriced, they are taking advantage of customers who need to be near Olympia and cashing in.",Date of stay: April 2012,3.0
2931,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2935-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Very good Hilton hotel in West Central London,"Just stayed here for 2 nights (room 849, top floor) and was very satisfied overall with the stay at this Hilton property.  Pros / Things to note: - Bed was fantastic.  Had a queen size bed, 4 pillows and comfy/clean duvet and sheets. - I don't know why so many people were complaining about expensive wifi?  They offer one hour free wifi per day (which they said was good in the lobby to use), however, I was able to access it with no problem whatsoever from my room (8th floor).  Also, whenever the one hour ""limit"" was up, I would just re-enter the passcode, and it would immediately give me another hour free!  Was very happy and please about this. - Bathroom is a bit tight, but was very clean and well appointed (after renovation). Grohe fixtures and premium lotions/shampoo/etc.…",Date of stay: April 2012,4.0
2932,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2935-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Disappointing but good value,"I booked this hotel for convenience for my business in London.   Under similar circumstances I'm not sure I would choose it again.  My issues were the noise from the busy roads, the excessively high room temperatures and the small room size. The Hilton brand has a perceived level of good/high quality and I found the whole experience to be average.   When I counter this against a below average rate I have no cause for complaint but I think it cheapens the brand.",Date of stay: April 2012,3.0
2933,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2935-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Modern hotel at far end Kensington High Street,"We have stayed once before at this hotel and when, the night before, we were faced with finding a hotel for the following day, I chose this as a cheaper option than most.  Nonetheless, we ended up paying £190 without breakfast.  We requested early check-in but the hotel could not oblige. That said, checkin was friendly and efficient.  We had room 832 on the top floor. It had a large comfortable double bed and was well equipped.  The bathroom was modern though I prefer a single shower to shower over bath tub.  The shower however worked well  The room has a computerised minibar and if you as much as lift an item, its cost is added to your bill.  Thus we ended up with a charge of £4.25 for 1 litre of mineral water!  The hotel is a short walk to Kensington Olympia station with…",Date of stay: April 2012,4.0
2934,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2935-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Very good value,"I have stayed at the Hilton London Olympia as a convenient hotel for trade shows at Earl's Court a number of times, as it is a quick 15 minute walk to the exhibition hall.  For Hilton Honors members the hotel is accommodating (when it can be) for early arrivals from the US, and has recently opened an executive lounge for HH members which has wireless access and as well as breakfast, snacks, and drinks. The hotel has an excellent, extremely friendly and accommodating staff. Some of the rooms are a bit small, and when you need two beds, you actually have to separate a double bed, by pulling it apart into two single beds, a bit inconvenient, and it takes up more room.  Location is a bit far from Central London attractions, but several busses stop directly in front of the hotel, and…",Date of stay: April 2012,4.0
2935,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2940-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Great Place to Stay,I stayed here with my family for 4 nights in early April. We did have to get two rooms because the rooms only have one bed. Our room was very quiet and comfortable and the bathroom was clean and updated. The hotel staff was extremely friendly and helpful. We used the bus that came by the front of the hotel to take us to the High Street Kensington tube stop each day. We felt the hotel was a great value for the money and we could get to all tourist attactions in less than 30 minutes.,Date of stay: April 2012,4.0
2936,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2940-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Enjoyable weekend break,"Two night weekend break at this Hilton was very enjoyable. Our room was spacious, clean and the beds were very comfortable. We enjoyed eating breakfast in the restaurant and the staff were very friendly and attentive. Everyone had a smile for us.",Date of stay: April 2012,5.0
2937,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2940-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Nice Option On the West End,"Room: Our room was a twin. It was small by global standards, but quite acceptable by London standards. The bathroom was downright roomy. The hotel is fitted into an older building so the layout is kind of funky, but it was clean and functional.  Location: This is not exactly conveniently located if you're a tourist as it's a ways from the tourist spots, but you're right on the 9 and 10 bus lines which connect to Oxford and Picadilly (which opens the whole city). Also, Earl's Court and High St. Kensington tube stations are each about 15 minutes walk. That walk shouldn't scare you if the weather is nice and you aren't trekking in from Heathrow with tons of baggage, but if it's cold and you're loaded down it's a long 15 minutes. Once you're traveling light and getting comfortable…",Date of stay: April 2012,4.0
2938,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2940-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Broken Furnace turned room into a sauna,"This hotel has improved over the past year, but still has a long way to go. The bathrooms are in poor repair. On my most recent visit the furnace basted extremely hot air directly at the bed and could not be turned off!! The staff informed me they were aware of the problem in that wing, but there was nothing they could do about it. I got absolutely ZERO sleep during my stay and was worthless at work the next day! I seriously considered sleep in the bus shelter outside. I would have surely been more comfortable! I am surprised Hilton allows it's banner to remain on this property.",Date of stay: March 2012,2.0
2939,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2940-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Great place to stay,"This Hilton, while a bit outside the touristy center of London, is a great place to stay.  We spent 7 nights here.  Olympia train and tube station is a short walk away and the bus line is at the end of the block.  Earls Court is visible from the front of the building.  The room rates are much better than in the center of London, but the accommodations are just as comfortable, well-kept.  The reception area is clean and welcoming, as is the dining area.  Breakfast is very good as is most of the menu....with the notable exception of the sliders we ordered. All in all, this hotel is a better value with easy access to all parts of London.",Date of stay: October 2011,4.0
2940,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2945-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Olympia hilton,Stayed here for an exhibition at Olympia. Thought it was great. Staff were exceptionally friendly and a fantastic hearty breakfast. Just what you need when you are working flat out all day.,Date of stay: February 2012,5.0
2941,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2945-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Good Value,Lovely room - not too big but clean and very comfortable bed. Nice toiletries in the bathroom and great shower. ,Date of stay: April 2012,4.0
2942,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2945-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Clean, comfortable and convenient","Stayed here for one night as was attending a gig at Shepherd's Bush. This hotel was easy to get to and the parking, whilst expensive, made it very convenient. Rooms and bar area were clean and nicely done up, with plenty of space for two sharing. As normal for a Hilton, room service, mini bar and everything else were expensive but for this kind of trip, the hotel was perfect for us.",Date of stay: April 2012,4.0
2943,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2945-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,"Clean, quiet, friendly....great value!","We stayed here for four nights this spring. The feedback was pretty good and we got a very good price, based on that we chose this place.  It's located on Kensington High Street (nice street with lots of shops), about 15-20min by foot from the High Street Kensington Subway station. The Check-In was fast and friendly. Even the Hotel is located right next to the road, our room was very quiet....we didn't even hear other guests in their rooms. The room itself wasn't huge, but big enough for a bunch of nights. It came with aircon and a nice flatscreen. Everything was very clean and the maid did a great job every day. The building might not be the newest, but everybody does a great job here...front desk was very helpful.   Some people complain about the location. I don't see why. You…",Date of stay: April 2012,4.0
2944,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2945-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Old rooms and 3 mistakes in one bill and housekeeping left the door open!,"Rooms are very old, especially the carpet and the bathroom. The bath tub wasn't getting drained properly so you end up stuck with dirty water on your feet and it's kind of disgusting.  The carpet is so old and looks very dirty.  The corridor has stairs that you can't avoid, so you have to pull your suitcase up and down them.   One day I came back and the house keepers had left my room door open, I called the front desk a couple of times before they answered and when I said what happened they said sorry! (very helpful)  What else... They charged me for movies I didn't watch and it took me 2 weeks to get my money back ( because the checkout lady refused to listen to my plea that I didn't even turn the TV on and I was in a hurry so I paid and then complained to Hilton head office. …",Date of stay: March 2012,3.0
2945,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2950-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Clean and Comfortable,"I spent 2 nights and found it to be acceptable, clean and comfortable.I found the shower to be very good. Unfortunately it did not match what I would expect from a 4 star hotel. There was a charge for wifi and I even had to pay for a bottle of water. The guest feedback form from 2 weeks before was still in the room. Overall it was convienient as I could take the number 9 bus straight down to Piccadilly.",Date of stay: April 2012,3.0
2946,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2950-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Excellent location for Exhibition Centre,"Stayed here for one night whilst at an exhibition at Olympia. Several times i noticed (and experienced) a queue at the reception desk and others moaning about the length of time it was taking to be dealt with. That said, the staff were all very friendly and helpful. Had an evening meal and breakfast at the Hotel and both meals were excellent with bar drinks being normal high hotel prices. Rooms was clean, well appointed and comfortable. It was a little noisey at times outside (3rd floor) but not enough to cause problems. It is a few minutes walk to the halls and tube. At weekdays there is no direct tube service so you have to get an overground train from Kensington Olympia which did not prove to be a major problem. Overall a good hotel in a very good location for the exhibition…",Date of stay: April 2012,4.0
2947,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2950-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Clean and Comfortable,"I spent two nights here and was satisfied with the hotel. The room itself was quite spacious by London standards, though the bathroom was small, but completely adequate. Even though I had a room facing over the main road, I didn't find noise to be a problem, and you could open the windows (ever so slightly) to at least let in some fresh air. It is about a 15 minute walk to the tube, but there is a bus right outside. Staff were pleasant and helpful and check-in/out was easy. Overall this was a comfortable place to spend a few nights - as another reviewer said, it ""does the job"".",Date of stay: April 2012,3.0
2948,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2950-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,What is everybody complaining about!,"I have to say after reading a few reviews about this hotel on trip advisor; I was concerned about what lay in store when I visited this hotel. What I experienced however could not be any further from some of the negative reviews found on here.   Of course, I am aware that my experience could be the exception but my experience at this hotel is nothing but positive. I booked this hotel as I was seeing a gig at the 02 Empire at Shepherds Bush, which was only a 20min walk away. The room I stayed in appeared to be newly refurbished/furnished and was clean and very smart. Bathroom was very nice, however if your 6ft plus like me the ceiling is a little low but that’s nothing major. Only thing to be aware of is the 'complimentary' drinks and snacks in the room, which are on a pressure…",Date of stay: April 2012,5.0
2949,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2950-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Does the job,Quiet comfortable. Room was a bit warm. Friendly staff. Concierge very helpful. Nice cosy bar. Not that convenient for tube. That not really a problem as the number 9 or 10 bus just outside the door of hotel. 9 goes to trafalgar sq and10 goes to oxford st and both get you to kensington high st tube station in 2 minutes.,Date of stay: April 2012,3.0
2950,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2955-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Get Ready for a Walk!,"I didn't get off to good start here.  Having walked for over 10 minutes from the nearest tube station (with a heavy bag in tow) I was glad to get to my room - or what I thought was my room!  I'd been checked in by a very courtious receptionist however, I then found myself trying to get in to someone else's room because the wrong room number had been noted on my room key! - so following a long trip back down to reception (with the heavy bag in tow!) they managed to get me sorted (& in fairness, couldn't have apologised enough).  That experience aside, this a pretty decent hotel.  The staff are friendly, the rooms spotless and the food good.    ** Be warned though -  1) Despite being on Kensington High Street, it's a good 10 to 15 minute walk to all of the main shops (such as…",Date of stay: April 2012,3.0
2951,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2955-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Great hotel for a good sleep,I visited the hotel on a working holiday which included working nightshift.  The beds are very comfortable and the curtains are so thick that no light is let through - great if you have to sleep during the day.  The staff at the front desk were all very helpful.  Breakfast was great too - there was a huge selection of delicious food and all of the staff in the dining area were very attentive.   There is also a bus stop about a 30 second walk away which you can take buses to see all of the main sights.  The only disappointment was that the internet was so expensive to use.,Date of stay: April 2012,4.0
2952,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2955-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,A nice and comfortable stay,"The location of the hotel is close by to the tube and the bus stop. Several grocery shops opened till late, cinema and post office are nearby. Staff is friendly, professional and efficient, everything is very tidy and clean, rooms are thoroughly cleaned daily, bed linen and towels are pristine and soft. The only thing that prevent me from giving it a 5 star rating is the building site directly opposite my room window and the slightly noisy street.",Date of stay: April 2012,4.0
2953,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2955-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Nice room,"We stayed here our last night in London because I won a Priceline bid.  The hotel is a typical Hilton and the rooms are very large for London.  The beds were comfortable and the room was very quiet even though it was facing a busy street.    You can print your boarding passes free of charge but any one is charged for any other internet use.  (I don't know about WI-Fi)  Also, we did not have breakfast because it was an additional charge.    The only negative is that the hotel is not a centralized location and it is a bit of a walk to the underground.  There are limited restaurants and pubs nearby.",Date of stay: March 2012,4.0
2954,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2955-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,shabby rooms,"great restaurant and nice reception.  but the rooms are old and slightly shabby.  not what you would expect from a ""hilton hotel""",Date of stay: March 2012,2.0
2955,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2960-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,A 60th birthday treat,"I booked this hotel as part of a three night stay in London for my wife's 60th birthday. It was a late booking as we had originally planned to stay elsewhere for two nights. We weren't disappointed. I'd certainly commend it without reservations, and hope to return on another visit to the capital.",Date of stay: March 2012,4.0
2956,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2960-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,A 5 star upgrade.,"Ok so there may be better but having spent a disproportionate amount of time here over the past 3 years it's a home from home. And that's not just because of the fabulous folk who run it.   The hotel has been completely refurbished in the last 2 years and is light years away from where it was.   The restaurant is now worth eating in and the bar is very funky. If your looking for the gym you may be surprised to find it turned into the exec lounge.   The only down side of this is they let  grumpy Aussies in. But hay ho.  In summary, the staff are great, the rooms are great. Why stay any where else in London?",Date of stay: April 2011,5.0
2957,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2960-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Great 2012 Makeover,"Having given up staying here a couple of years ago with an annual trade show at Olympia next door, was initially dismayed to find the company had booked us rooms here again.  However, the old Hilton with nice lobby and dire rooms seems to be undergoing a significant makeover. The friendly greeting and efficient check in process were much appreciated, nice honest smiles and good humour always a good sign, and nicely redecorated rooms with new furtniture, TVs, comfortable beds, smart clean bathrooms....nice! Not all the rooms are done yet, so beware and ask at check in to know what you are getting.  The restaurant and bar has had a minor makeover and rebranding, and the staff in the restaurant ran a very well organised service even at rush hour breakfast - good spread of food, and…",Date of stay: March 2012,4.0
2958,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2960-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Not bad location,"We stayed overnight following a trip to the Ideal Home exhibition at nearby Earl's Court. The check in etc was seamless, room well prepared and spacious. It is well located between Earls Court and Westfields shopping centre. We were room only, breakfast is £17 each or £12 each if staying over. Had it before on a previous stay, nice but not worth that much. It was a nice morning when we got up - went over the road to Frank's cafe/Sarnie bar and was happy enough with an egg and sausage sandwich, two coffee's for about £6.50. After a meal the  night before, we did not need any more, let alone a full buffet! Talking of which, the Indian restaurant next door but one to Franks was very good - no drinks licence but an offlicence is next door.  only propblem at this time is the building…",Date of stay: March 2012,4.0
2959,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193131-Reviews-or2960-Hilton_London_Olympia-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Olympia Hotel Reviews,Good for business trips,"Booked in for 7 nights at the Hilton Olympia as I was attending a conference at Olympia.  Overall, I found it to be a very clean, comfortable hotel with a few minor issues that take the shine off its 4 stars.  The lobby is modern, and the reception staff were pleasant enough (not overly friendly, but not offensive either).  And yes, the lifts are on the smaller side, however I have been in some European hotels that have only a single, smaller lift so therefore didn't find this to be an issue.  I had been booked into an executive room on the 5th floor, which was reasonable in size but on the smaller side of the scale when compared to other executive rooms I've stayed in at other hotels.  I believe my room had been renovated as some aspects of it appeared modern (lighting,…",Date of stay: March 2012,4.0
